Chapter 2775 Everything Is Bonded With Love
The seven people gained the upper hand easily while battling the Chi Lian Heavenly Snake. They did not expect that the Heavenly Snake would be this weak at this period of time. They had not faced any challenges yet in constraining it.
The snake’s body was more than 3 metres and was able to turn the universe around. However, it wasn’t able to get out of their constraint.
They did not dare to delay their action in the battle. To kill the Chi Lian Heavenly Snake, they needed to tortune her to death. Otherwise, if she chose to counterattack using her full strength even at the cost of her life no one would be able to withstand her strength. Although they were all geniuses, they didn’t want to take such a risk.
One could never know how strong a Mid Divine King Realm beast was. As the saying goes, a thin camel is still bigger than a horse. That was why the seven people did not fight the Chi Lian Heavenly Snake at the cost of their life. No one was willing to be the victim and be injured severely.
“Hooo….”
The Chi Lian Heavenly Snake gave a horrible shriek. It was the scream of pain, and was extremely sharp.
“She seemed to be planning to escape soon. Be on guard, guys!”
Yang Chenyuan roared deeply, prompting others to not be slow in their action. Their collective attack managed to suppress the Chi Lian Heavenly Snake completely.
However, Jiang Chen frowned his forehead at this moment because he sensed an unusual breath pressing against this place. It was not from something ordinary.
Indeed, a burning fire snake soared up and crashed against the seven people at a shocking speed. The whole group’s countenance fell and could not help but withdraw themself to dodge the attacks. This snake was really unacceptably terrifying.
“It doesn’t look good. It’s her mate.”
“Another Chi Lian Heavenly Snake?”
“Hahaha. We are going to be rich. Seems like we are going to get a good harvest today.”
Wang Yun’s eyes shone. At this moment, the seven people had also made their mind to overcome the other Chi Lian Heavenly Snake. Obviously, this Chi Lian Heavenly Snake would not be that easy to handle. It was more powerful than the first one.
“Take care everyone, it’s not easy to handle this guy.”
Yang Chenyuan said.
“Brother Yang, don’t worry. Humph. When have we disappointed you before? Haha. It’s time for our Long Gu Boundary to shine! I am going to see who would be able to compete with us in Ling Jue City.”
Wang Yun said presumptuously. He did have enough qualification to be this presumptuous, but he was too arrogant as he did not put anyone in his eyes at all. Everyone knew that there are always more powerful people out there. Not to mention Divine King Realm, there were even emperor realm experts who were more powerful than Hierarch experts.
“Alright. Don’t underestimate our opponent. Little Yun, it is not that easy to deal with two Chi Lian Heavenly Snakes.”
Wang Che said in a low voice and gave Wang Yun a stare. In response, Wang Yun just shrugged his shoulder as if he did not care at all. He was going to be an emperor realm expert, how could he be terrified by these two brutes?
Wang Yun looked at everyone coldly, secretly despising them. Your talent is incomparable to mine. In the future, once I became an emperor realm expert, you would have to submit and bow down to me.
“It’s another Chi Lian Heavenly Snake. Their situation doesn’t seem good.”
Jiang Chen said with a smile.
“Brother Jiang Chen, do you think they might not be able to defeat those two Chi Lian Heavenly Snakes?”
Luo Ping looked at Jiang Chen
“Those two Chi Lian Heavenly Snakes are a couple. Under this situation, the two Mid Divine King beasts would definitely fight at the cost of their lives. Although the seven Early Divine King experts are all very strong, would they be willing to fight at the cost of their life? Who would do that? At that time, they would definitely be repulsed slowly. At least, it is almost impossible for them to kill the two Chi Lian Heavenly Snakes despite their talent.”
Jiang Chen said with a cold smile.
This is the nature of the human’s heart. The two Chi Lian Heavenly Snakes would definitely use all of their strength in the battle, but humans would definitely keep their strength and not exhaust all of their skills. What’s the point of being a genius? Especially Wang Yun, that kind of man. He might not have even experienced any true battle of blood yet. In Jiang Chen’s eye, he was just an immature kid. There were so many talented people in the world. But not many of them could overcome the challenges and step up to get to the throne of the king.
Luo Ping’s heart shivered slightly as Jiang Chen was able to see through the result of the battle. He could make such a precise estimation. This showed that he had gained enough experience in the battlefield. Luo Ping trusted Jiang Chen even more.
“You dared to sneakily attack my wife! All of you should die!”
The overbearing Chi Lian Heavenly Snake said.
“Monster, who do you think you are? Humph. It’s your honour to be killed by us.”
Wang Yun said dismissively.
“Lowly and greedy humans. Even if I die today, I will fight with you until death.”
The male snake roared in fury and his eyes were staring at everyone coldly.
“Bastard, you can’t die because of us! If you die, we are going to die together.”
The female snake gritted her teeth and said. Her body, however, was weak.
“No matter what, you must protect our child. When the time comes, I will hold them off and you take that chance to leave.”
The male snake transmitted the message to the female snake. The moment they exchanged glances, it was heart-warming.
“If my wife wasn’t this weak, we would’ve killed you all already without us using much strength. Damn you, humans! If you want to fight me, you have to see if you have such capability.”
The male Chi Lian Snake said in a deep voice.
“Bullsh*t. How could two brutes dare to be this arrogant in front of me? Seems like you really think very highly of yourselves. Humph”
Wang Yun took the initiative and was followed by the other six people. They pressed against the snakes immediately. The two snakes exchanged a glance and their fighting spirit was boosted.
Undeniably, these young geniuses of Long Gu Boundary were indeed quite formidable. Each of them had the combat strength of a Mid Divine King Realm expert. Their battle was terrifyingly intense.
The male Chi Lian Heavenly Snake fought with five people simultaneously. Even though it was very strong, it was still a beast and slowly lost its upper hand when confronting the humans. It was under their suppression now. On the other hand, it was also very hard for the humans to kill the male Chi Lian Heavenly Snake. It was a neck and neck battle.
The female Chi Lian Heavenly Snake was fighting with Wang Ce and Liu Yun Sheng. They could not overcome the other in such a short period of time. Both parties fell into a predicament.
“Indeed accurate. It’s really accurate.”
Luo Ping could not agree anymore with what Jiang Chen said. The seven Divine Kings were really talented but they did not display their full strength. The price of their action was that they would suffer the same amount of injury in the battle. They only fought moderately according to their strength unless they faced a critical danger that threatened their life.
However, the Chi Lian Heavenly Snake had already become mad in the battle because these humans had threatened the life of its wife and child.
There was love among humans, same with the beasts and monsters. For the sake of its child, the male Chi Lian Heavenly Snake had used t all of its effort and fought at the cost of its life. It wouldn’t mind if he would die together with the opponent.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2775 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2776


Chapter 2776
“Chi Lian Heavenly Flame, sets the world on fire!” The male snake roared and spit out a long trail of True Flame.
Heavenly Flame set the land on fire, the five of them were surrounded by flames. The male snake unleashed his Heavenly Flame, putting great pressure upon them.
“To think this fella still has cards hidden. Fellas, time to get serious.” Yang Chenyuan said.
They all knew that it’s not the time to hide their strength, as it could cause them an arm and a leg if the snake managed to overpower them.
“Alright!” The rest of them answered and unleashed their weaponries.
The male snake too had used his trump card—the flame was his essence, his life. He would die if this battle fails.
The five of them showed their true strength and fought the male snake with difficulty as the latter fought harder than ever as he bet his life upon this battle. The snake could’ve easily held his ground against your average Divine Kings, yet these guys were different, they were much stronger.
The male Chi Lian Snake thought it would be an easy battle, yet, he was starting to get pushed back as his Heavenly Flame did not bring him any advantage.
“You wanna die?!” The female Chi Lian Snake roared.
Because the male snake was using his Heavenly Flame Essence to battle, he would die if the flame got expended.
“For our children and you, I can die without regret! Hahaha, quick! Leave!!” The male snake howled.
“No! I refuse to leave!”
The female snake lost her focus and was severely injured by Liu Yunsheng and Wang Ce. The male Chi Lian Snake was thoroughly angered.
“My wife!”
Heavenly Flame spread across a thousand li radius. The seven of them were scorched by the flame, suffering a heavy injury but not lethal.
“You’re gonna die with me! Death to those who stand in my way!”
The male Chi Lian Snake’s flame caused the expression of the seven to change as they quickly retreated. The Heavenly Flame could even burn one’s spirit.
“Be Careful, Brother Jiang!” Luo Ping said.
“Five Elemental Trigram Fire Formation!” The formation appeared with just a snap of a finger, protecting the three of them.
Luo Ninger was shocked. This Jiang Chen is pretty strong, easily placing a formation on a whim, easily blocking off that demonic flame that could threaten those guys.
The male Chi Lian Snake was fated to fall, he would die as he had lost his Heavenly Flame Essence.
“Damned fella.” Wang Yun’s expression darkened as he gritted his teeth.
Several burn marks could be seen upon his body, his spirit was also injured, it was the same for the others.
“NO!!” The female Chi Lian Snake shouted, her voice pierced through the jungle, it was a sad, dying shrill.
The male Chi Lian Snake had died, the explosion of that Heavenly Flame had burned out all of his life essence. Truly, a pillar, a father of a family, yet his life was still taken by others.
“Looks like it’s not a fruitless effort. That fella is finally dead. Hehe.” Liu Yunsheng smiled.
The other’s expressions were excited too, albeit tired and pretty injured. Still… they finally got what they wanted. The male snake’s whole body was a treasure trove, the gallbladder, especially.
“Yeah, it’s a great fortune that we managed to find two of them, hahaha.” Yang Chenling smiled.
For the Heavenly Snake Residence, the snake was a treasure, they could use everything.
“How do we distribute the gallbladder?”
Wang Yun said with a smile but his eyes became slightly colder.
“Our Heavenly Snake Residence does not need the gallbladder, however, everything shall be ours.” Yang Chenyuan said.
Although the gallbladder was pretty important for them, it’s not comparable to be traded for other parts of the snake. Plus, the others might not know how to utilise the snake’s body.
Wang Ce and Liu Yunsheng looked at each other. They can accept that, as their aim was the gallbladder all along. They have no use for the remaining parts of the snake. The Heavenly Snake Residence views it as treasures, they shall happily accept it.
“Alright!” Wang Ce and Liu Yunsheng simultaneously said.
However, at this moment, Jiang Chen grabbed the snake’s corpse.
“Bastard, what are you trying to do?” Wang Yun shouted in anger as he pointed towards Jiang Chen.
“Reaping the profit of others, don’t you know it?” Jiang Chen said with a smile.
“You? Jiang Chen?” Fu Di looked at Jiang Chen in disbelief.
“Brother Fu, long time no see, Jiang Chen remembers the gratitude of that day.” Jiang Chen said with a smile.
Fu Di’s anger subsided after seeing Jiang Chen. Just like Luo Ping, he was in awe towards Jiang Chen and their debt towards Jiang Chen was hard to be repaid.
“Brother Jiang, please, you’re joking.” Fu Di said with a bitter smile.
“You know them?” Liu Yunsheng looked at Fu Di.
“Jiang Chen, the one that made news in the Linhe Boundary, flipping the place around. Hehehe, wow.” Yang Chenling sneered.
“I’ve long heard that the alliance of the Linhe Boundary could not do anything against you and they got destroyed. Cheh, that’s all you amount to. To think you would rob others off their efforts, shameless.” Yang Chengang said in disdain.
Jiang Chen’s name had reached their ears. His rumours and legend was blown out of proportion, even stating that he’s the true ruler of the place. However, these prodigies think of it as a joke.
“Yes, I am indebted with Brother Jiang. There’s no me without him.” Fu Di said solemnly.
“I am also indebted to Fu Di. But, what is there to do with all of you?” Jiang Chen asked.
“Since you said you’re indebted to Fu Di, why are you stealing our stuff? What are you trying to achieve? ” Wang Ce stared at Jiang Chen coldly.
At that moment, everyone’s breathing stagnated, those words went out like a bang. Luo Ping thought that Jiang Chen was swift and decisive, there was no one other than him that could play these Long Gu Boundary geniuses like a fiddle.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2776 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2777


Chapter 2777
“You ungrateful bastard, what gives you the right to steal our Chi Lian Heavenly Snake? Are you even qualified?!” Wang Yun said with a pale expression.
“How about… you talk to me, Fu Di?” Yang Chenyuan looked at Fu Di, the latter shook his head.
“It’s not that Jiang Chen is indebted to me, but it’s the other way round.”
The others’ expressions stiffened from his words. Liu Yunsheng thought: This fella is a stone in the washroom, hard and smelly. Although they hail from the same sect, he’s not one to be in-line with Fu Di. What gives him the right to cultivate this fast? One that comes from the Immortal World. Even my little brother’s slot for the core disciple was taken away thanks to him.
“Brother Jiang, we took down this Chi Lian Heavenly Snake with great effort and you should know that. I know you guys are also geniuses from your respective regions, probably heading towards Spirit Jade City too. You’re going to be scorned by others if you do such a thing. Plus, you’re making things hard for the both of us.” Yang Chenyuan said.
We hunted the Chi Lian Heavenly Snake with great effort but Jiang Chen just took it, just like that, is this a joke?! Even a firm person like him got exceptionally angry.
“I, Jiang Chen, am an upright person, I do not need others to teach me how I should act! This Chi Lian Heavenly Snake is mine.” Jiang Chen said.
“Jiang Chen, don’t push your luck. If you don’t hand over the snake to us, don’t even think of leaving this place in one piece.” Wang Yun harrumphed.
“Really? All of you are severely injured, are you sure you want to duke it out with me? Do you have the strength to do it?” Jiang Chen smiled.
“You…” Wang Yun became speechless.
Jiang Chen alone is probably of no threat. But there are three Early Divine Kings that are in their peak condition on the other side. Whereby ours are all injured. Plus, Fu Di may not help too. After considering the situation, everyone knew that Jiang Chen was sure to win.
“Brother Jiang, are you really going that far? Give it some thought in case we meet again” Wang Ce said.
“So what if I meet you guys in the future? Should I be afraid? Hehehe.” Jiang Chen slightly shook his head with a smile.
Everyone became silent. Jiang Chen was extremely shameless, taking advantage of others when they’re weakened, not giving them an ounce of respect. ‘Come at me if you cannot accept it’ Obviously, the other group could not accept this.
“Alright! We’ll take this loss. You’ll regret it when we meet again in Spirit Jade City!” Wang Ce gritted his teeth and stared at Jiang Chen.
Yang Chenyuan sighed and was also burning in anger. Still, they have the other Chi Lian Heavenly Snake.
As they prepared to lay their hands upon the Female Chi Lian Snake, Jiang Chen stood in front of it and protected it.
“Are you that ruthless?!” Yang Chenyuan’s anger was burning.
This fella is too much! You’re trying to take all our spoils?!
“This Chi Lian Heavenly Snake is pregnant, it must not be killed.” Jiang Chen said.
“Jiang Chen, don’t you dare think that we’re afraid of you. We may not lose to you if we put our lives on the line.” Wang Yun said with a pale expression.
“So what? I, Jiang Chen, am not afraid of anyone. If you want this Chi Lian Heavenly Snake, you’ll have to get through me first.” Jiang Chen said coldly.
“Jiang Chen, don’t think too highly of yourself. Do you have what it takes to go against the whole Long Gu Boundary?” Liu Yunsheng’s expression became distorted as he shouted.
They all suffered injuries just for the sake of these Chi Lian Heavenly Snakes, now, all of these were stolen by Jiang Chen, who could remain calm?
Currently, Fu Di could only stay silent since he couldn’t side with anyone and could not go against Jiang Chen.
“Do you really think I’m afraid of you, Jiang Chen? Are you really doing this? You should know that we’ll certainly not let this go.” Wang Ce said.
He wanted Jiang Chen to know what risk he’s taking, although their positions were not favourable now, what does Jiang Chen have when they arrive at Spirit Jade City? However, Jiang Chen didn’t seem to care.
“You wanna fight?! Come and have it!” Jiang Chen prepared himself for battle.
He wouldn’t be this courteous if it wasn’t for Fu Di.
Everyone fell silent. They were on the point of eruption, yet, their plans for the Battle Royale of the Nine Counties may get interrupted. Probably even losing their lives, that was not a favourable trade.
However, they could not swallow this down. Jiang Chen had thoroughly made an enemy with all of them.
“Good! Good! Good!” Wang Chenyuan said with a gloomy expression.
“Today, we shall accept this loss, we’ll meet again in the future, Jiang Chen!”
“Anytime!” Jiang Chen smiled.
Yang Chenyuan harrumphed and left. Nobody thought Jiang Chen would go so far against them. They will get what they deserve after they arrive in Spirit Jade City.
“Come, I’m ready,” the female Chi Lian Snake said. She was prepared to die, she would’ve followed her husband to death if it wasn’t for their children.
“I’ll only take your husband’s gallbladder, I will leave the body to you and I will not kill you. Your husband is a good man, a good father, I, Jiang Chen, will not kill those that are righteous.” Jiang Chen looked at the Female Chi Lian Snake and said.
“Are you really sparing me?” The Female Chi Lian Snake said in disbelief.
Luo Ping was stunned too. Whereas Luo Ninger looked at Jiang Chen with gentleness and respect, a true man indeed.
“You two tried to protect your child with your very lives, I felt it, you should thank your husband, thank the child in your womb, as a mother, you are great.” Jiang Chen said.
“Thank you, benefactor.” The Female Chi Lian Snake bowed towards Jiang Chen three times and left with gratitude.
“Brother Jiang, you’re truly awe-inspiring.” Luo Ping’s gaze towards Jiang chen became even more respectful.
One does not just look upon one’s strength, his charisma would be taken into account too.
“I am no Buddha, I do not look out for the lives of insects while I sweep the floor, possessing the benevolent heart that loves all beings. However, I do know that the Heavens is ruthless, all beings are just tributes. The Heavens will collapse if I am heartless.” Jiang Chen smiled while shaking his head.
“The Heaven is ruthless, all beings are just tributes! I have received your teaching. The Heavens are heartless, if human beings are heartless too, the world would be devoid of life.” Luo Ping murmured.
“The law of nature is heartless, it has always been.”
Jiang Chen looked up towards the sky, dark clouds gathered, a thunderstorm was about to come.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2777 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2778


Chapter 2778
Spirit Jade City, the City Lord Mansion.
A buff purple-robed man stood on top of the City Lord Mansion and looked towards the sky with a sharp gaze. His aura and prestige could shake all those that look upon him!
Suddenly, a giant vortex appeared above the sky, ripples and water bubbles appeared on the vortex, and a giant black-hole appeared in the middle of that vortex.
Two figures came out from the vortex calmly.
“Friends that come from afar, I am glad, hahaha.” The man smilingly said, he was the lord of Spirit Jade City, the head of the Qilian Boundary, a Reverend of the Nine Boundaries, Zi Qingtian!
“Long time no see, Brother Zi still looks as great as ever, Mojiu Zhi shall trouble you with my visit.” The black-robed man said.
His eyes were bright, and he emitted a domineering aura. A true Hierarch expert. Also a Reverend of the Nine Boundaries, the Lord of Mohe Boundary, Mojiu Zhi!
“You’re too courteous, Brother Mojiu. This beauty here must be Brother Mojiu’s step daughter?” Zi Qingtian smiled.
“You’re right, Qingcheng, quickly, come and greet Lord Qingtian.” Mojiu Zhi said with a firm expression.
“Yan Qingcheng greets the Lord.” Yan Qingcheng took a step forward and bowed.
She was wearing a red-robe, beautiful as ever, yet still exerting a powerful aura.
“Hahaha, truly, the step-daughter of Brother Mojiu, smart, talented and strong. I’m truly envious. Beautiful to boot, I wonder how many men will fall before her.” Zi Qingtian nodded.
“The Lord is too modest.” Yan Qingcheng gave out a charming smile.
Even Zi Qingtian, an expert who has reached the Hierarch Realm, couldn’t help but gasp. Truly one of a kind, not even heaven has such a beauty.
“Brother Zi, there are only twenty slots for the Profound Connection Divine Palace for each nine boundaries. Meaning, there are only sixty participants that could enter the four great divine territories of the Northern Cold Divine Region, it’s much lesser compared to last year.” Mojiu Zhi said.
“There’s nothing we can do about it, we do not have the power to change anything, hehehe. Only a few dozen people could enter amongst the 27 boundaries, my Lone Dragon County is somewhat honored. However, that is for the future, now that the prodigies of the nine boundaries have gathered, I am feeling the pressure. This Reverend of the Nine Boundaries is not an easy position.” Zi Qingtian slightly frowned and sighed.
“You’re right. Therefore, this time, I chose to move behind the scenes. Hehe, as for the Mo He Boundary, the Chang Sheng (Long Live) Boundary will support me, I am free now and will take this chance to visit you. Maybe, I can even get myself a good son-in-law.” Mojiu Zhi said with a smile.
However, Zi Qingtian was secretly sneering. What scheme is he trying to pull?
“That is naturally great, I, the lord of Qilian Boundary, do not wish to manage it, why not Brother Mojiu take the helm? Hahaha.” Zi Qingtian said with a laugh.
“Brother Zi is joking, I’m just here for the party, I do not wish to question the battle for the Profound Connection Divine Palace. Not even my step-daugther has special privileges, she too needs to work for it, only then could she have the ticket to enter the Profound Connection Divine Palace,” Mojiu Zhi said while shaking his head.
“Agreed, places are scarce, only twenty slots were given for the nine boundaries. A few true great talents will emerge from the fall of countless prodigies. Qiancheng is talented, she’ll certainly have a seat for it. That is without a doubt.” Zi Qingtian looked towards Yan Qingcheng and nodded.
“I heard that Brother Zi’s son is a true prodigy as well, and is already at the Late Divine King Realm. He should probably obtain the top 3 rank.”
“My son is slow, he’s not worth mentioning.”
Even so, Zi Qingtian was smiling, Zi Xi would most likely reach the top 5 without a hitch with his Late Divine King cultivation realm.
“There are still ten more days before the competition starts. Nobody knows what the result would be, as talented men gather from all over. There were countless dark horses that have emerged every single time.” Mojiu Zhi said with a firm tone.
“It’s difficult to break through the Divine King Realm. It’s not enough to just be talented. All Hierarchs are talented and possess great will. One needed to possess great understanding and comprehension of the Dao. It’s even rare for one to reach the Hierarch Realm amongst one million Divine Kings. Especially for a barren place like our Lone Dragon County that lacks talent, it has already been ten thousand years since the last Hierarch.” Zi Qingtian sighed.
“The path of cultivation is difficult.” Mojiu Zhi sighed.
“Brother Mojiu, for the time being, stay in the City Lord Mansion, let’s catch up later.” Zi Qingtian said.
Because, currently, a telepathic message was sent to him, it was from Zi Xi, waiting outside the hall. It was something important.
“Alright, we’ll catch up at a later date. Haha.”
Mojiu Zhi squinted his eyes and looked towards Zi Qingtian who was leaving and said in quiet voice:
“It all depends on you, whether you’re able to get the Great Bright Lord’s Relic.”
“Understood.” Yan Qingcheng replied.
She already possesses a Great Bright Lord’s Relic, it was an extremely important item.
In the City Lord Mansion, within the side-hall, Zi Xi came rushing back with a heavy expression.
“What’s the matter, why are you in such a panic?” Zi Qingtian said.
He did not reprimand Zi Xi as he was not one to fluster. He wouldn’t be showing such an expression if it was not something serious.
“Jiang Chen is not dead.” Zi Xi took a deep breath and said.
“Are you sure?” Zi Qingtian asked.
“Yes, plus, he wrecked chaos upon the Linhe Boundary, turning it upside down.” Zi Xi continued,
“Good, good, a true demon lord indeed. Hahaha, interesting, that fella is really quite capable, never underestimate him. He’s a true prodigy, not even you can match up to him, he was not even a Divine King before, right?”
Zi Qingtian smiled and caressed his chin with an interested gaze. That little fella is definitely the scariest prodigy out of all the nine boundaries under me. He’s tough to be able to escape from the Thunder Rush Sea, he’s phenomenal.
“Eastern Emperor Sect, you’ve gotten yourselves a good disciple.” Zi Qingtian said.
“There’s another news, it’s not verified. But it’s widely spread in the Linhe Boundary.” Zi Xi said.
“What is it?”
“He came out from the Zhou Mountain Ridge, Luo Feng Valley.” Zi Xi said seriously, not knowing whether to believe it or not.
“Zhou Mountain Ridge, Luo Feng Valley?” Zi Qingtian’s expression became serious.
If that is true… then, Jiang Chen is not as simple as he seems. That’s even a place where Hierarchs and Divine Emperors could not enter.
“It’s probably blown out of proportion, I don’t quite believe it, however, stay on Jiang Chen’s good side, remember, you must not become enemies with him.” Zi Qingtian looked at Zi Xi and said in a firm tone.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2778 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2779


Chapter 2779
Zi Xi quietly nodded. He had witnessed Jiang Chen’s combat strength before, how terrifying it was. Therefore, he would remember his father’s words. No matter if the news about him getting out of the Luo Feng Valley was true or not, at least him turning the Linhe Boundary upside down was confirmed. Jiang Chen’s growth was truly monstrous and nobody else could go against him in the entire Linhe Boundary.
They thought Jiang Chen would certainly be killed in action. However, he managed to escape from the Thunder Rush Sea. Nobody knew how, but that firm back of his had done it, that was true strength.
“That kid will surely succeed in the future, I believe in his capabilities, it’s hard to reach the Hierarch Realm but I believe Jiang Chen could do it. The ticket to Profound Connection Divine Palace should also belong to him.” Zi Qingtian said.
“For the Profound Connection Divine Palace, you must not lose your edge, our City Lord Mansion must get a good result.”
“Yes, although I am not as monstrous as Jiang Chen, average Divine Kings could not match up against me.” Zi Xi said.
A Late Divine King was not weak, Zi Xi was one of the most talented prodigies in Qi Lian Boundary (previously Qilian Region). Not even Donghuang Taiyi from the Eastern Emperor Sect, Killing Luo Sect’s Gui Gu and Heavenly Profound Sect’s Xuan Shenji could overpower him. Those three fellas were the top-guns of the Qi Lian Boundary. They have never clashed against each other for the past thousand years. A great clash will surely occur for the battle of the Profound Connection Divine Palace.
“Do not be arrogant nor anxious and you shall reach a great height. Alright, you may leave, the people of Profound Connection Divine Palace will arrive soon.” Zi Qingtian closed his eyes and said.
Spirit Jade City, Northern Part of the city, Wu’s Workshop
Wu’s Workshop is the largest alchemy workshop in the entire Spirit Jade City. It was also considered to be the hub of the Qi Lian Boundary for medicinal pills. Countless experts gathered in this place, causing the workshop to become famous. The pills that were sold in this place were unusually sought-after, especially for those foregin prodigies, they would pay an arm-and a leg for it. Many had come for its fame and it was exceptionally hard to obtain high grade pills from this place.
Jiang Chen was heading towards Wu’s Workshop, to search for some Supreme Grade ingredients. He currently only lacked the One Eye Spirit Spring to complete the Heaven Seizing Fortune Pill.
Now that he had reached the Divine King Realm, the effect of the Heaven Seizing Fortune Pill had lessened. Plus, with his body being revamped by the Myriad Qi, the Heaven Seizing Fortune Pill could not keep up with his cultivation speed anymore, the effect will be reduced by a large margin over time.
On the other hand, the Heaven Seizing Fortune Pill was extremely great for his father, Jiang Zhenhai. Therefore, Jiang Chen took it seriously, since his father has arrived in the Divine World and knowing that his father’s talent was not great, therefore, it’s best to help him reach the Divine King Realm, granting him immortality in this Divine World. Plus, Jiang Zhenhai could also protect himself and Aunty Lin after possessing enough strength. Jiang Chen could see that his father had become different after being together with Aunty Lin, his eyes were glowing. Men always want to protect their woman.
The Heaven Seizing Fortune Pill was specially made for his father. Therefore, Jiang Chen only required the final ingredient, the One Eye Spirit Spring.
Luo Ping and Luo Ninger went their own ways after entering Spirit Jade City as they did not encounter any elders of the sect along their way. They quickly returned to their sect’s designated point after receiving a message from their elders.
The Wu’s Workshop was like a giant market that was a hundred meters wide, there were independent sellers that sold pills and ingredients, and some were managed by Wu’s Workshop. It’s not really exclusive to members, anyone can do business here, they just needed to pay some Divine Origin Stones to the workshop.
Currently, Wu’s Workshop was jam-packed with customers, Spirit Jade City has always been packed with visitors even though it’s not the time for the Battle Royale of the Nine Counties. There are countless Divine King experts that had arrived in Spirit Jade City. Now, it’s not rare to bump into a Divine King expert in the street, and even though they did not release their powerful qi, not many would dare get close to them.
Qi Lian Boundary was one of the four great regions of Lone Dragon County. Spirit Jade City was the hub of the whole boundary, Heavenly God Experts filled the place, Divine Kings could be seen everywhere, as the city was millions of li wide. Spirit Jade City was flourishing.
Jiang Chen’s current trip was solely to search for the One Eye Spirit Spring. However, all of this depended on his luck, as great treasures can only be stumbled upon by luck, even if it was sold, it would require a great amount.
Jiang Chen searched around Wu’s Workshop for three days, but there weren’t any great medicinal pills or ingredients that he was looking for. Plus, who would sell those treasures if there wasn’t a special situation revolving around the seller?
However, Jiang Chen did not give up, he spent another two more days around Wu’s Workshop. He was pretty lucky as he finally found it, however, he didn’t know whether it was truly the spiritual water he needed. A plain-looking old man was curled up in the corner, he had unkempt hair, face filled with wrinkles, resting with his eyes closed over on the corner.
Before him, there was a small winecup, extremely tiny, yet the spiritual qi that was emitting from it was extremely thick. The spiritual qi would’ve spread ten li radius if it wasn’t for the divine origin energy trapping it.
Jiang Chen squinted his eyes, he did not know what it was, however, it was the first time seeing such thick spring water.
“Old fella, how much is this?” Jiang Chen asked.
“Not for sale, we’ll only trade it with pills.” The oldman said without opening his eyes.
He didn’t fear anyone robbing him off his Spirit Water, as it was just a small cup, it’s not worth embarrassing one’s dignity. Plus, this was Wu’s Workshop, one of the three great powers of Spirit Jade City. One that could even go against the City Lord Mansion. Rumours have it that Wu’s Workshop had two Half-Step Hierarchs defending the place, who dares to offend such a group?
Jiang Chen smiled. This old man has quite a temper.
“What is this spring water?” Jiang Chen curiously asked.
“Dragon Eye Spring Water.” The old man said indifferently.
“Old man, what’s the difference between the Dragon Eye Spring Water and the One Eye Spirit Spring?” Jiang Chen probed.
“One Eye Spirit Spring? Don’t you know that the One Eye Spirit Spring is the Dragon Eye Spring Water?” The old man said impatiently as he looked at Jiang Chen, like he was some country bumpkin.
Jiang Chen ignored the old man’s gaze and looked at the One Eye Spirit Spring. He finally found it, the heavens hadn’t forsaken him. He was elated. The Heaven Seizing Fortune Pill could be concocted now.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2779 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2780


Chapter 2780
“This Dragon Eye Spring Water is extracted from the Eastern Victorious Divine Land’s Dragon Eye Mountain. On top of the mountain, there’s a spring the size of a palm, it produces a pot of spiritual water every hundred years. It is rumoured that it hails from the eye of a Divine Dragon from the Eastern Sea’s Dragon Palace. Though there’s no way to verify it. This is just a sample, there’s a whole pot of this, you won’t trade with me if it’s just this little cup right?” The old man unexpectedly said those things when he saw that Jiang Chen was interested in the Dragon Eye Spring Water.
“I want this Spiritual Spring Water.” Jiang Chen said.
“It needs to be at least an Early Immortal Grade Pill.” The old man said indifferently.
“A Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pill, how about it?”
The old man shook his head, unmoved.
“This old man has obtained it by betting and using 100 years of my life just to obtain it.”
“Two. That’s the most I can offer.” Jiang Chen said.
He only had two more Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pill and three Azure Spirit Pills left. However, it’s not worth it to trade it with the Azure Spirit Pill.
The old man kept quiet for a second but eventually nodded. Actually, he was moved when he was offered a single pill, since no one seemed to be interested about the spring since he came. A single Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pill was already enough, he had heard of the Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pill and its price was extremely expensive.
“Alright, deal!” The old man said, secretly rejoicing.
However, Jiang Chen saw a stone beside him.
“This is?” Jiang Chen raised his head, looking towards the old man.
“Little fella, your eyes are sharp, I got this in the Ghost Domain Thirteen Canyon. It was a perilous journey, it’s the most dangerous place in the Eastern Victorious Divine Land.” The old man said.
“I just wanna know, what is it?”
Jiang Chen frowned. This fella… does he really need to talk so much?
“Ghost Wu Vibranium, the best material to craft a divine weapon, truly sturdy. Not even a Divine King could destroy this material. I wouldn’t have been able to bring back this baby here from that place if I did not have my techniques. I fought against all those demons and devils single-handedly, it was a glorious battle. I got this item after defeating all my foes. It is also a great material to forge a Divine Origin Tool.” The old man kept talking, insisting on finishing his tale.
Although Jiang Chen was already speechless from it.
“A High Grade Heavenly Divine Tool for it, do you want it?” Jiang Chen said.
He thought the old man was some expert, but he’s just a rooster that kept on clucking.
“Bah, I’ll reluctantly take it, think of it as a gift to you, we’re bound by a mysterious fate. The Dragon Eye Spring Water will be sold to you, and this Ghost Wu Vibranium will be given to you,” said the old man as if he was losing in this part of the deal. Although he was secretly elated.
Although the stone was precious, it was worthless for him. Most importantly, no one could forge it as they could not melt it down. One would need great abilities to utilise it. There’s less than five people who could do it, even in the Northern Cold Divine Region. Those people would not bother forging an Origin Divine Tool for a Divine King. Only those that were Hierarch and above could do such a thing. Those experts would surely not entertain people beneath them. Therefore, the Ghost Wu Vibranium was worthless, it’s a good trade if he could trade it for a High Grade Heavenly Divine Tool.
When the old man was preparing to give him the Ghost Wu Vibranium and the Dragon Eye Spring Water. A voice was heard beside Jiang Chen and the old man.
“That spring water and the Ghost Wu Vibranium, I am willing to pay twice the price for it.”
The old man’s ears perked up, but gave off a bitter laugh. As he had already promised to give it to Jiang Chen. One must stay true to one’s word, he was not a despicable man.
“This…” the Old man looked towards Jiang Chen.
“I will provide an appropriate reward.” A black-robed youth glanced at Jiang Chen and said.
“What if I say that I am not willing?” Jiang Chen said nonchalantly.
The black-robe youth’s gaze became cold as he stared at Jiang Chen.
“I like stubborn fellas, because they will soften after meeting me.” The black-robed youth smiled in disdain.
“What a coincidence, I am one that does not submit to force. I may perhaps give it to you if you talk nicely, but looks like you’re not planning to, why should I respect you? Plus, you’ll never know who’s more stubborn.” Jiang Chen coldly stared at the youth.
“A mere Early Divine King dares to speak such a tone towards me? Hmph.” He harrumphed.
“Hahaha, boy, you have guts, I like that, to think the men of the Killing Luo Sect are this shameless. Gui Gu, how low have you fallen, kakaka. I also want that Spiritual Spring, such a coincidence.” A sleeveless tough-guy came out, his aura was strong too, and his face was rough. Not many had dared to go near him.
“Looks like there’s more than one who is blind,” Gui Gu said coldly.
Currently, the people who had gathered on the scene were growing, three Divine Kings were staring down on each other.
Jiang Chen’s smile became cold. To think he’s from the Killing Luo Sect, no wonder he’s that presumptuous. As the number two sect of the Qi Lian Boundary, he had the qualification to be this cocky,
“Killing Luo Sect’s Gui Gu, it’s him? Gui Gu is famed to be one of the best in the Qi Lian Boundary, to think he arrived this early.”
“Best? I believe you don’t know about Donghuang Taiyi and Xuan Shenji. They are all deemed to be the number one of their generation. Yet they have never clashed. There will be a result after this battle royale.”
“Haha, Gui Gu’s strength is probably stronger, the Killing Luo Sect is deemed to be the only sect that could go against the Heavenly Profound Sect. Even the Eastern Emperor Sect seemed to be weaker compared to them.”
“Looks like we’re in for a good show.”
“What show? You think that kid has the guts to go against Killing Luo Sect’s Gui Gu? Isn’t he courting death?”
There were quite a lot of people that feared Gui Gu, as he was somewhat legendary.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2780 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2781


Chapter 2781
Even though three of them were considered as the strongest youths in Qilian Boundary, none of them dared to call themselves the ‘number one’. Especially after Eastern Emperor Sect’s Donghuang Ta-iA and Heavenly Profound Sect’s Xuan Shenji finished their seclusion, the Battle Royale of the Nine Counties would be a battle with aggregation of powerful and competitive rivalries.
The Killing Luo Sect had made their name; the mightiness of Gui Gu had made the world startled. There were only two of them that could compete against each other in the Qilian Boundary. Once Gui Gu struck out, no one could match him.
“I’m Xing Feng from the Heavenly Xing Sect in the Qi Tian Boundary.”
A shirtless man folded his arms across his chest and said lightly.
“No wonder this guy took a hand in this. I just realized that he has a great reputation.”
“You’re right. Qi Tian Boundary’s rank is just next below the Qi Lian Boundary and the Heavenly Xing Sect is the strongest sect in the Qi Tian Boundary. So maybe Xing Feng will be able to compete against the three greatest experts of the Qi Lian Boundary.”
“It sounds exciting and stimulating. Haha. I am wondering who will be the ultimate winner. But I think that guy should realize the current situation and give up immediately. Compared with the other two, he will never be eligible for the battle.”
“He is out of luck anyway. Haha. I have never expected someone to take his courage in both hands even though he is confronting those troublesome guys. I guess he has lost his mind.”
There were different voices that kept echoing in Jiang Chen’s ears. However, there was no one who could deprive him the rights of getting what he wanted.
Jiang Chen’s popularity and reputation was greatly boosted in the Ling Jue City after he restored the Transmission Formation. However, the entire Ling Jue City was just too big for everyone to recognize who Jiang Chen was. There were hundred thousand miles between the north and south, and no one could recognize Jiang Chen in the North City.
“Brother, just forget it. It is not that I don’t want to sell it to you, but I think you will never be able to fight them.”
The old man looked down at Jiang Chen and said with a bitter smile.
“It doesn’t really matter.”
Jiang Chen said.
“Everything should be taken up in order of priority. I swear to get this spiritual spring water.” Jiang Chen said coldly.
He ignored the overbearance of Gui Gu and Xing Feng, astonishing countless people. They wondered who this guy was and thought that what he was doing was no different from digging his own grave, standing against Gui Gu and Xing Feng.
“It is not necessary to say that. I am getting the spiritual water to make a medicinal pill. The treasure should serve its purpose. You will be punished for your sins if you didn’t use it to its fullest.”
Gui Gu said with a cold smile.
“Oh, really? Do you think you are the only one who can make pills? I am going to get this to make pills too.”
Jiang Chen said.
“Hahaha. What a coincidence! I am also planning the same. Am I right? Elder Xing San.”
Xing Feng took a glance at the elder who stood behind him and his face lit up with a smile. Even though he looked bulky, he was full of wisdom, apparently.
“So both of you are planning to snatch what’s mine?”
Jiang Chen said with a faint smile.
“How could you say so? You still haven’t owned it yet, have you?”
Xing Feng looked at the old man and a wry smile spread over the old man’s face for a moment.
“This young man should own this item already since we have come to an agreement earlier.”
“It seems like we are forced to do some stretches to loosen up our muscles now.”
Xing Feng said coldly. Apparently, he did not mean to give up on the Spiritual Water on Jiang Chen’s hands.
“ Wu’s Workshop is the purest place in the world so I think you guys should avoid getting into a fight here.”
A cold voice echoed in the void. A white-clothed elder with white hair and beard was standing on the Dragon Gate Arch of Wu’s Workshop, looking calm and awe-inspiring.
“I am the top alchemist in Wu’s Workshop, Wu Jingyun.”
Wu Jingyun said in a low voice but it was enough to shock everyone. Most of them were forced to step back by this invincible and formidable spirit.
“Even Wu Jingyun intervened in their dispute, it seems like they should be prepared to suffer disappointment.”
“Yes, Elder Wu has been known as the top alchemist in Wu’s Workshop. His strength has reached the Divine King Realm with great cultivation of power and strength. Even the City Lord will show some respect for him.”
“It seems like everyone in Wu’s Workshop heard about their stories and background before. That is why they are afraid to offend them. And now Elder Wu showed up and tried to put up a front.”
The crowd of spectators were in awe of Wu Jingyun. The top alchemist of Wu’s Workshop was not an ordinary person, countless people were showing great respect and admiration toward him. It was obvious that he had a respectable background and status when even the City Lord have to show him some respect. The strength of the Wu’s Workshop was not inferior to the three greatest sects in the Qi Lian Boundary.
The intervention of Wu’s Workshop had made the spectators, who had been keenly looking forward to the battle, heaved a sigh. Ling Jue City at the moment was overcrowded. Even though countless strong experts were expecting the battle, the battle between the Divine Kings would never be allowed to happen.
“Oh, so you’re Elder Wu, sorry if I didn’t recognize you at first glance. Hahaha.”
Xing Feng connected both palms together and shook his head. They’d have already probably lost their mind if they still insisted on starting a fight in this place at this moment.
Gui Gu fell silent as he should at least show some respect to Wu’s Workshop since their top alchemist showed up. They owned this place in the Ling Jue City after all.
“I appreciate your kindness and generous advice, Elder Wu. But since they both are longing for the Spiritual Water in my hand, will you be my witness? If you two can show me something that is comparable with the Dragon Eye Spring Water, I will like to take my chance. What do you think about it?”
Jiang Chen said.
“You’re such a thoughtful and straightforward person. Hahaha. I will be the witness for you guys then.”
Wu Jingyun said with a smile. He fixed his eyes at Jiang Chen with an interesting expression.
“How are you going to make your bet?”
Xing Feng burst into laughter and looked at Jiang Chen sharply and fearlessly.
“Let’s have a competition of concocting pills. The one who could concoct the best medicinal pill will be the ultimate winner. And my bet is an Azure Spirit Pill, a pot of Dragon Eye Spring Water and this Ghost Wu Vibranium!”
Jiang Chen said arrogantly.
“This is the formula of the Eliminating Doom Pill. This Supreme Grade Medicinal Pill will be able to remove impurities, which can be consumed by humans or beasts.”
Gui Gu said lightly.
“The pill recipe sounds great but does it also work for puppets?”
Gui Gu narrowed his eyes and gazed at Jiang Chen.
“Yes. It does.”
“How about you, bulky man?”
Jiang Chen took a glance at Xing Feng.
Xing Feng wore a faint smile on his face. The elder behind him took a step forward and said in a low voice.
“This is the Broken Bone Grass, which is more precious than those normal Supreme Grade Medicinal Pill. But I would like to ask for another Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pill from you.”
The elder narrowed his eyes and his smile looked extremely treacherous.
“It sounds like a daylight robbery. But this Broken Bone Grass is useful for me so I accept your request.”
Jiang Chen said with a smile. Since he had decided to take the chance, he would like to play it with a high stake.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2781 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2782


Chapter 2782
Undeniably, Jiang Chen’s last minute sudden proclamation had truly impressed Gui Gu and Xing Feng. It was beyond their expectation. Who expected that this unknown guy would dare to challenge them. More importantly, he challenged them in terms of concocting medicinal pills. Wasn’t he courting death himself?
Everyone knew that Killing Luo Sect’s concocting skill was quite popular in the Lone Dragon County. Gui Gu was even more famous for his concocting skill in Qi Lian Boundary. What Jiang Chen did was put himself in the face of destruction.
They thought that Jiang Chen would choose not to confront Wei Wen—the number one alchemist of Wu’s Workshop. However, who knew that this guy was this stubborn and he even challenged Gui Gu from Killing Luo Sect and Xing Feng of Heavenly Xing Sect. Wasn’t he asking for contempt himself?
By this time, it’s not an issue only about the spiritual spring water. It was related to the glory and dignity of two people. Both Killing Luo Sect and Heavenly Xing Sect did not allow others to invade their dignity. Moreover, they were the top cultivators and the peerless geniuses of their own sect. How could they do nothing in the face of Jiang Chen’s threat?
Therefore, they would say yes to any challenge Jiang Chen offered. Especially Gui Gu, he was very confident in himself.
“Is something wrong with this guy’s head? He dares to challenge Gui Gu and Xing Feng? Is he courting death?”
“Who knows? Hehehe. Maybe he’s wishing to gain fame too much. He wants to step on Gui Gu and Xing Feng to be famous. It’s ridiculous.”
“Self-conceit is very terrifying. He doesn’t even know about his own strength and place.”
“I am very curious about how this battle would end for him? Hehehe. I can’t wait to see the result.”
None of the surrounding people believed in Jiang Chen because Gui Gu and Xing Feng were very famous for their skills. There were less than five people in the Qi Lian Boundary who were able to surpass these two guys. How would someone have such confidence to challenge them?
Everyone thought that Jiang Chen would quiet down this matter and leave the place. However, what he did shocked most people. They did not have any clue about Jiang Chen’s decision.
“You are going to pay the price for your arrogance.”
Gui Gu said faintly.
“Young men should be arrogant.”
Jiang Chen said with a smile. He did not care about Gui Gu and Xing Feng and the elder who stood behind Xing Feng.
“Ignorant.”
Gui Gu said coldly. He noticed that Xing San, the elder standing behind Xing Feng. Gui Gu thought that he might be his biggest enemy.
“Whoever wins in the contest would get this. Master, thank you.”
Jiang Chen looked at Wu Jingyun.
“Alright.”
Being the chief alchemist of Wu Pill Workshop, no one dared to go against Wu Jingyun’s words. As long as he was present, no one would make a mess here too. In many people’s perspective, Jiang Cen’s arrogance was useless in this situation.
Wu Jingyun looked at Jiang Chen silently. He wasn’t able to see through this guy because his eyes were filled with a kind of calm that he had never seen before. Since Jiang Chen had decided to bet on this challenge, he definitely had the confidence to win. Wu Jingyun also knew that Jiang Chen was facing a bunch of outstanding young people. If they did not have the confidence, how can they be so arrogant?
Although Jiang Chen’s cultivation realm was weak and he just broke through the Divine King Realm, Wu Jingyun was still quite curious about him. He did not even care about those audiences as some of them were still at the True God Realm and Heavenly God Realm. How would they know about the dreadfulness of a Divine King Realm expert.
“Elder Xing San, it’s your time.”
Xing Feng said solemnly.
“Count on me.”
Xing San said confidently.
“Eliminating Doom Pill, Dragon Eye Spring Water, Azure Spirit Pill and Ghost Wu Vibranium. It is going to be a good harvest this time. Haha.”
Xing San’s eyes were blazing. To him, these two guys were just young disciples. Even if they were strong, how strong could they be? Young calves are not afraid of tigers. These ignorant kids have to pay the price of being ignorant.
Xing San did not care about Jiang Chen, such a small potato, at all. Meanwhile, he thought slightly higher of Gui Gu of Killing Luo Sect. Although they were both young disciples, people from Killing Luo Sect were powerful and one should not underestimate them.
Jiang Chen’s mouth was overflowing with a smile. The contest was a big gamble for him. Since the opponent kept pushing his limits, he had to fight back. The contest would not be too difficult for Jiang Chen. Since the opponents had such determination and confidence, of course he would not hide his true skill too.
The winner of the contest was still unknown. But Jiang Chen was quite confident that he would win if he could concoct the Heavenly Seizuring Fortune Pill.
“There is an alchemy platform on the little mountain in front. It is a place owned by Wu’s Workshop. Let’s head over there.”
Wu Jingyun smiled faintly and said.
Jiang Chen exchanged a glance with them and broke through the void, heading to the mountain. Almost everyone who heard about the contest went to the little mountain to see what was going to happen. This kind of gamble was very rare and the contest was going to be a competition between Divine King experts. The participants were even the experts Gui Gu and from Heavenly Xing Sect. It was a really rare occasion.
The little mountain was around hundreds metres tall and it was covered with green grass and trees. The mountain was full of flower fragrances and it could be considered as Xanadu. There were many treasures and rare beasts in the forest. It was an extremely beautiful mountain that privately belonged to Wu’s Workshop.
“It’s very rare that the little mountain is open up for the public. We are going to witness Gui Gu and others’ skills in concocting pills. We are lucky.”
“That’s right. Most importantly, Elder Wu is going to supervise the contest by himself. It is going to be very exciting.”
“Haha. I can’t wait. I think Gui Gu of Killing Luo Sect will win.”
On the top of the little mountain, Jiang Chen, Gui Gu and Xing San were ready to start concocting pills.
“Three of you, show your best skill. Since you trust me to supervise the contest, I will definitely not disappoint you.” Wu Jingyun said faintly.
There were only the three participants on the alchemy platform, but there were hundreds and thousands of audience watching the contest.
“Azure Spirit Pill, Ghost Wu Vibranium and Dragon Eye Spring Water are here.”
Jiang Chen placed these things in front of Wu Jingyun. Wu Jingyun could not help shivering slightly and looked at Jiang Chen, squinting eyes. If the Azure Spirit Pill was concocted by Jiang Chen, this showed that Jiang Chen was not any weaker than him. Even for him, it was not easy to concoct the Azure Spirit Pill.
“The pill formula is here.”
Gui Gu said coldly and pushed the pill formula to Wu Jingyun.
“Broken Bone Grass is here.”
The Broken Bone Grass was taken out and an exclamation of amazement came out. It’s such a huge gamble in Wu’s Workshop. This showed that they trusted Wu’s Workshop and trusted Wu Jingyun.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2782 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2783


Chapter 2783 Dreadful Gui Gu
“Kid, I am going to see how skilled you are to be this arrogant. Shameless kid.”
Xing Feng snorted coldly. Since the third elder, Elder Xing, was here, Xing Feng knew that he definitely would be able to concoct a Mid-Immortal Grade Medicinal Pill. It was not something that everyone could achieve. Even if Wu Jingyun wanted to concoct such a medicinal pill, his chance of success would not be higher than the third elder.
Gui Gu looked at that little black cauldron and did not talk so much. He started to get ready to concoct the medicinal pill. At the moment, his eyes showed some seriousness.
Jiang Chen also looked calm and steady. He kept half a bottle of the Dragon Eye Spring Water to concoct the Heaven Seizing Fortune Pill. He had collected enough of herbs to concoct the pill. Blood Lingzhi, Human Faced Demon Ginseng, Heavenly Snake Gall, One Eye Spirit Spring and Ten Thousand Years Ancient Vine Heart. Although the quality of Ten Thousand Years Ancient Vine Heart was slightly inferior than the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart, he believed that he could still concoct the Heaven Seizing Fortune Pill. The grade of the Heaven Seizing Fortune Pill would depend on his luck.
Jiang Chen’s eyes were flaring while looking at the Eliminating Doom Pill. Getting the Eliminating Doom Pill would definitely help him to cultivate the twelve Fire God Guards. With the enhancement of the Ghost Wu Vibranium, the Fire God Guards would definitely achieve advancement.
After becoming Divine Kings, it was not easy to advance the Fire God Guards. They’re one of Jiang Chen’s most powerful cards. It would be very helpful if he could cultivate them into a higher cultivation realm.
It’s more important to concoct the medicinal pill well now in order to get the formula of the Eliminating Doom Pill and Broken Bone Grass.
Jiang Chen took a deep breath and let those worry aside. He was ready to concoct the Heaven Seizing Fortune Pill. It was not easy to concoct compared to normal Immortal Grade Medicinal Pills. Jiang Chen would not be able to finish the mission effortlessly.
Elder Xing San started casting out flames that rolled on his palm. He looked calm. Obviously, it was a rare kind of beast fire. Although it had not reached the level of true fire, it was still extremely terrifying. The people who surrounded him could feel the heat and their faces turned red. He kept throwing in the herbs into the flames, refining the ingredients. His technique looked quite skillful too and overbearing. He had lived up his name as the alchemist elder of Heavenly Xing Sect with his skillful concocting technique. Even the top alchemist of Wu’s Workshop, Elder Wu, could not find any flaw from his skill.
“Indeed the expert of Heavenly Xing Sect. It won’t be difficult for him to concoct a Mid-Immortal Grade Medicinal Pill.”
Wu Jingyun said solemnly.
“Are they going to concoct Immortal Grade Medical Pills? It seems we didn’t come here for nothing, it’s really exciting.”
“I am afraid the Immortal Grade Pills would stir up a storm here or even a crazy battle.”
“Not everyone is able to concoct a Mid-Immortal Grade Medicinal Pill. The elder of Heavenly Xing Sect seems very confident.”
There were also many Divine Kings who were watching the contest. Of course, everyone was shocked when they realized that Xing San was concocting a Mid-grade Immortal Pill .
Not to be outdone, Gui Gu also showed his concocting skill. Killing Luo Sect had been one of the most outstanding sects that was good at concocting pills. Their skill might not be inferior to Wu’s Workshop. Gui Gu had impressed Wu Jingying with his skill.
“Is this the Thousand Ghost Devouring Soul Cauldron from the master of the Killing Luo Sect?”
Wu Jingyun looked solmen. It was said that the Thousand Ghost Devouring Soul Cauldron was refined by hundreds and thousands of souls together. After forty nine years, this precious cauldron was even able to suppress all kinds of spirits and souls, and concoct pills. Although it was an evil tool, the Thousand Ghost Devouring Soul Cauldron was able to refine the medicinal pill into a very pure level. Wu Jingyun had a concocting contest before with the master of Killing Luo Sect. They were neck to neck in the battle, but the cauldron had left him a strong impression.
“The old man of the Killing Luo Sect has passed down the Thousand Ghost Devouring Soul cauldron to him. Seems like this guy is extremely talented.”
Wu Jingyun murmured. The other two people seem at risk now.
“Nine Revolution Origin Pills. Now I count on you.”
Gui Gu said faintly. He kept throwing in the ingredient into the Thousand Ghost Devouring Soul Cauldron. The fire he used to concoct the pill was very dreadful too. It was a blue and white flame that seemed to be able to shutter through many people’s hearts and spirits. Many people could not help trembling in fear.
“What a horrifying flame.”
Jiang Chen frowned his forehead while looking at Gui Gu. The blue-white fire did not seem weaker than his Five Elemental True Fire. It looked extremely dangerous. Gui Gu raised up his head slightly and gave Jiang Chen a glance and a cunning smile. Even Jiang Chen was dumbstruck. This guy was not simple.
“Nine Burning Heavenly Fire! It is the treasured fire from the Killing Luo Sect.”
Wu Jingyun sighed and said. Nine Burning Heavenly Fire was a heavenly fire, but it became extraordinary cold after being transformed. It could burn up everything in the world. The old man of the Killing Luo Sect managed to rule over the Qi Lian Boundary by having the Nine Burning Heavenly Fire and Thousand Ghost Devouring Soul Cauldron.
“Nine Revolution Origin Pills. Seems like Gui Gu really has got the inheritance from the old man. And he seems even more competent than his master. Xing San and Gui Gu really are going to have a intense battle.” Wu Jingyun heaved a sigh.
Jiang Chen had casted out his Qilin Saint Fire because concocting the Heavenly Seizing Fortune Pill required a mild nature fire. If he casted the Five Elemental True Fire, the pill could not reach the finest and perfect level. Moreover, it might cause the pill to lose its effect. That was why Jiang Chen only chose to use the Qilin Saint Fire to refine the herbs and concoct the Heavenly Seizuring Fortune Pill.
“Woah!”
As soon as the Qilin Saint Fire appeared, everyone was in great shock. Now they knew why Jiang Chen had such an overbearing attitude and dared to compete with Gui Gu. He was fully prepared. The Qilin Saint Fire was even more superior than the Nine Burning Heavenly Fire. Qi Lin was the supreme creature among all the creatures. The Qilin Saint Fire was only attainable if one blended the fire with the essence of the Qilin True Fire. It was extremely difficult to have such fire. Jiang Chen’s Qilin Saint Fire suddenly had outshone Gui Gu and Xing San; everyone applauded loudly.
“It is just an outlandish tactic to depend on things like this.”
Xing San snorted coldly. Although he was shocked by Jiang Chen’s Qilin Saint Fire, he was still very confident in his own concocting skill. Instead, he looked at Jiang Chen’s Qilin Saint Fire in jealousy. No wonder he was so arrogant, as he actually had such a powerful fire.
“Fire Qilin is the mildest fire to refine medicinal pills. It’s not simple. Not simple.”
Wu Jingyun gave Jiang Chen a glance. All of their skills were very impressive. It was not merely a contest among the young people. Even he, as the top alchemist of Wu’s Workshop, could feel the great pressure.
Jiang Chen was a talented genius who ruled over many different domains for many many years. Although he was not afraid of his competitors’ skills, he did not dare to underestimate them. All of them were concocting Immortal Grade Pill, but it was the time to see who would be more superior.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2783 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2784


Chapter 2784 – I Am Not as Skilled as You
Jiang Chen kept refining the Blood Wang Lingzhi, Human Faced Demon Ginseng and other ingredients to extract their essence. Three days had passed in a blink of an eye. However, none of the thousands of audience left the place. Instead, there were more people coming to watch the contest. It became crowded. Everyone wanted to witness the skills of the top alchemists. One should know that most lords would show respect to an alchemist who could concoct an Immortal Grade Pill, not to say a great sect that was able to do so.
Jiang Chen was still in the process of refining and extracting the essence from the ingredients. Once he finished the process, he would set out the Five Element True Fire and concoct the pill with the Myriad Qi. By that time, everyone would be stunned.
Many sects were there to watch the contest and wondered who Jiang Chen was. Although he did not have the reputation that Gui Gu had in Qi Lin Boundary, they guessed that he was not an ordinary cultivator. If they could enroll him into their sect, it would be an exciting thing to them.
On the third day by twilight, thunderous clouds suddenly gathered in the sky.
“Is that the Pill Lightning? It’s indeed an Immortal Grade Pill. The pill master of Heavenly Xing Sect is extraordinary. He is the first one who finished the pill.”
Someone said in surprise.
“Yea! Finally it’s time to reveal it.”
Xing San’s gaze fell on the silver cauldron in his hand. With his experience, he was careful and organised when concocting the pill. Wu Jingyyun was quite moved by him. This was how a real alchemist looked.
“Done!”
Xing San shouted. The lightning clouds in the sky became even more intense. Under the clouds and lightings, he held the finished pill in his hand. After the baptism of the pill lightning, his pill would definitely succeed.
Most of them were stunned by the scene. Xing San remained composed as the number of pills he managed to concoct was more than two pieces.
Xing Feng’s eyes were filled with pride. Heavenly Xing Sect would definitely impress the people of Qi Lian Boundary this time. Although the Battle Royale of the Nine Counties had not arrived yet, it was also very important to build up the reputation of Heavenly Xing Sect.
“Blend it!”
Xing San held his hand together and the cauldron gave off dazzling radiance from his hand. A Heavenly Lightning struck down into his cauldron. Most of the people did not dare to look at the scene because they worried that the pills would be turned into ashes. If that was the case, it would be very disappointing.
Xing San, however, was calm and his hands withstood the lightning. At that moment, the finished pills became crystal clear. After the baptism of the pill lightning, the pills experienced transformation and became a true Immortal Grade Pill.
Xing Sand gave out a long breath. The people were gazing at him.
“Mission complete.”
Xing San smiled confidently and open his palm slowly and said with a loud voice:
“This is the Overload Pill. It helps to increase one’s battle strength in a short period of time and has no side effects. Everyone who is under the Hierarch Realm could use this. Please have a look, Elder Wu.”
Wu Jingyun looked serious and he checked on Xing San’s Overlord Pill carefully. He nodded silently.
“It’s indeed an Immortal Grade Overlord Pill. The pill looks intense and is also called a Sixth Grade Overlord Pill. If I concoct this pill, I would only be able to reach Seventh Grade. Although the Overlord Pill is not a supreme treasure, it is quite popular among Immortal Grade Pills. In a critical time, an Overlord Pill can save one’s life.”
Wu Jingyun praised wholeheartedly. A Sixth Grade Overlord Pill was indeed quite formidable. Many people were applauding and giving a big thumbs up to Xing San. As he managed to concoct a Mid-Immortal Grade Pill, he deserved Wu Jingyun’s respect as well as others’ respect.
“Many thanks to Elder Wu’s appreciation.”
Xing San’s smile was elegant. He was confident that the other two would not be able to concoct any pills that were more amazing than his.
“Look! Pill lightning is also above Gui Gu now!”
At the moment, they turned their gaze to Gui Gu. Indeed, a rolling grey pill lightning covered Gui Gu’s head. He remained motionless as he was focusing on the finished pill in the Thousand Ghost Devouring Soul Cauldron.
“Sixth Grade Overlord Pill? Humph. How dare you boast about it in front of me?”
Gui Gu said coldly.
“As soon as the pill lightning strikes, I will show you guys who is the real alchemist master!”
Gui Gu raised up his head to see the grey pill lightning striking down. Although the lightning was strong, it was not comparable to a heavenly lightning. The harder the process of concocting the pill, the stronger the lightning would be. Obviously, the lightning above Gui Gu was much more dreadful than the usual pill lightning.
“What can a pill lightning do to me?”
Gui Gu murmured. Soon, the lightning disappeared and did not harm him in the slightest. The Nine Revolution Origin Pill was lying silently in his hand. It was like a new-born baby that consisted of terrifying energy. People were stunned, taking deep breaths.
“Nine Revolution Origin Pills. It helps to increase the chance of breaking through their cultivation realm. Everyone who is under the Hierarch Realm could use this.”
Gui Gu said faintly. Everyone took a cold breath in. Although the Nine Revolution Origin Pill did not look as real and clear as Xing San’s pill, smart people would know that this one was definitely very valuable. One should know that advancing from Heavenly God Realm to Divine King Realm was a very difficult hurdle. The Nine Revolution Origin Pill could be very helpful to anyone who was under Hierarch Realm. It was definitely a truly supreme pill.
Xing San and Xing Feng exchanged a glance then they stared at Gui Gu silently. This guy was quite capable. This pill would not bring direct benefit but you would still greatly gain something.
“This pill is indeed perfect. It’s a complete Seventh Grade Pill. The effect of the Nine Revolution Origin Pill is even better than theOverlord Pill. I think everyone can sense this.”
Wu Jingyun’s face was solemn. Although he did not say too much, everyone knew that Wu Jingyun thought very highly of this Nine Revolution Origin Pill. Gui Gu’s concocting skill was almost comparable to his skill.
“So amazing. This Gui Gu is not only talented in alchemy, his strength is also comparable to Donghuang Taiyi and Xuan Shenji. They are all seen as the most powerful experts among the young generation in Qi Lian Boundary.”
“Gui Gu is definitely my idol. Not to say cultivation realm, his concocting skill is overbearing in the 27 boundaries in Lone Dragon County. Who wants to overcome him must be really invincible.”
“Even Elder Wu can’t find any mistake from the pill. It’s almost perfect. Gui Gu definitely will win the gamble.”
“Don’t say so, there’s still another guy there. Hahaha.
“Don’t joke. That guy is only here to fulfill the number.”
Many people were teasing Jiang Chen. At the beginning, Jiang Chen indeed startled everyone with his Qilin Saint Fire. But now, he was completely silent and did not show any achievement.
Xing San shook his head and sighed:
“I am not as skilled as you. I am defeated.”
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2784 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2785


