Entering the Profound Feng Sect
However, there were fearless people that were not afraid of Jiang Chen. Since his deed was all rumours and it was unbelievable. They will not back away from it.
Jiang Chen killed off dozens of groups of experts continuously. Most of them were Early Void Gods. At this moment, he obtained the second nameplate and he threw it to Ling Yun.
“You don’t look like a newbie.” Ling Yun said indifferently.
“What do you mean?” Jiang Chen asked with a frown.
“Your methods, expression, mentality in killing possess a question. You didn’t even bat an eye nor frown after killing millions. Or… the blood in your hands is not something an average person could compare…
“You’re from the lower Immortal Worlds.”
Jiang Chen was stunned by Ling Yun’s words. He never thought of announcing it but he had never imagined Ling Yun to have such a meticulous mind. Finding it out through hypothesis and analysing all the facts.
“Yes. I hail from the Nine Regions Immortal World.” Jiang Chen replied.
“Nine Regions Immortal World? I’ve heard of it from my master, once. A great person came from that world.”
“Who?” Jiang Chen’s eyes lit up. Are there any great ones who hail from the Nine Regions Immortal World? Is it Void Sovereign or Immortal Execution Sovereign?
“I’ve forgotten about it, it’s just something my master mentioned once.” Ling Yun shook her head.
Jiang Chen could see that Ling Yun wasn’t trying to purposely hide it. She could’ve really forgotten about it.
During the night, the wind was cool. The flicking light showered on Ling Yun’s beautiful face. She was truly a girl blessed by the heavens. Her original strength must have been on the levels of the True God realm. Unfortunately, after the battle against the creature, she was gravely injured. Otherwise, she would not be as pitiful as this.
“You two, go to sleep. I’ll stand guard.” Jiang Chen said.
“Of course. Do you want to have Big Sister stand guard for you? A man should take up the responsibility to protect us girls. ” Yue Er said like an old man.
She then giggled and hid in Ling Yun’s arms. Even though Ling Yun was cold as always, she was extremely soft towards Yue Er. Her ways of treating others were probably different from normal people. At least she had not once smiled at Jiang Chen.
“Alright. I shall ensure that the mission will be accomplished!” Jiang Chen replied seriously.
He then turned towards an ancient tree and leaned towards it. He then closed his eyes to rest but his ears were aware of his surroundings.
“Hand over the nameplate. Otherwise, die!”
A swordsman carrying a sword appeared on the opposite ancient tree with a cold expression, looking at Jiang Chen arrogantly.
“A Peak Early Void God. Interesting, but it’s still not good enough.” Jiang Chen smiled.
“Such arrogance. I wouldn’t mind killing you if you’re this obnoxious. I will not kill your wife and child, because this is my principle.” The youth said with character.
Jiang Chen became happy. The words ‘wife and child’ were pretty nice to the ears. But Ling Yun’s chilling gaze was enough to murder someone.
“Alright, I’ll refrain from killing you because of those words.” Jiang Chen smiled.
“Refrain from killing me? Then I’ll kill you.” The youth sneered and took his blade out of the scabbard, the blade was sharp and rotated through the sky with immense force.
“Nine Hua Blade, rotating decimation!”
The youth unleashed a devastating attack. But Jiang Chen was unfazed by it, he wielded his Heavenly Dragon Sword and pushed him back. The youth’s eyes squinted, seeing Jiang Chen was unfazed by his attack. This was out of his expectation.
“I am not your match.”  The youth smiled bitterly.
“To kill or to cripple, it’s up to you.”
This was his first time feeling helpless in a battle against someone who is in the same realm as him.
“I said I would not kill him before. Plus, it’s better to gain some good karma for the sake of my wife and child. We’re all here just to feed ourselves, why should we kill one another? Go.” Jiang Chen said.
The youth looked at Jiang Chen with a blank stare.
“Are you really not killing me?”
“I may not be able to decide if my wife changes her mind.” Jiang Chen whispered beside the youth’s ears.
“I owe you my life. My name is Wang Chongyang, I shall see you in the future.”
Wang Chongyang turned and left. Jiang Chen really did not kill him, giving Ling Yun a slight shock.
“Aren’t you happy?” Ling Yun said coldly.
“No… No.”
“Hmph. I don’t want to become a child. I am not a child anymore.” Yue Er said with a dissatisfied expression.
“What did you say to him?” Ling Yun looked at Jiang Chen.
“Nothing much. I kinda like the guy. Plus, you said I kill without batting an eye. I have to accumulate some good karma for myself, right?” Jiang Chen said.
Ling Yun did not probe further as this wasn’t something that was of her concern.
Nothing happened that night. In the morning of the second day, Jiang Chen met a trio who came to rob their nameplates off them. But they died by his blade without a doubt. All the robbers who came to rob the nameplate died, except for Wang Chongyang. But it’s still enough to make Jiang Chen’s name much more famous. But he did not kill innocent people, some people were meant to be killed and some aren’t. He too let go quite a number of people on the third day.
The third dusk had arrived and the trio arrived at the foot of the mountain where the Profound Feng Sect was in. But there were also others who came in with vigour, they were obviously no minor character. These people have to at least face 40 others to defend their nameplate and enter the Profound Feng Sect.
It was rare to see people arriving at the place with ease, other than the Jiang Chen’s group.
At this moment, Jiang Chen saw Wang Chongyang from the group. He managed to get a nameplate and the latter saw Jiang Chen too. But the latter eyes had a tinge of battle intent in them. Even though he was grateful towards Jiang Chen, he still possessed a challenging heart. An expert was to be respected and also to be challenged.
“Alright. Those who possess the nameplate shall follow me into the sect. You guys are all officially the sect’s outer disciples. There are a hundred thousand plus outer disciples. There are disciples that venture out to train in the wild. But there are also those who never came back.” A white-robed youth said coldly.
The outer sect’s big brother, Yang Jian, did not come.
A hint of arrogance could be heard from the youth’s voice.
“Killings are forbidden within the sect. But it is allowed to challenge one another. There’s a life-and-death stage in the middle of the outer sect area. As long as one accepts the challenge, then killings between one another are allowed. I will not be kind towards those who go against the sect rules, those who dare to take the lives of other disciples shall be dealt with.”
“There are five mountains within the sect. The Wind Mourn Mountain is the Sect Master’s cultivation ground. It is also where the sect’s grand hall is situated. The Wind Stream Mountain is the elders’ cultivation area. The Feng Yuan Mountain is the inner sect disciples cultivation area. Feng You Mountain is the outer sect disciples cultivation area. As for Feng Qi Mountain… it’s best that you guys do not go near that place. You can choose any cave to stay in the 3000 li radius of the Feng You Mountain and cultivate. Today, Profound Feng Sect is your home, you guys should be clear about the path of cultivation of the Divine World. No one could simply succeed in this path, no matter how talented one is, no result could be gained without the support of a great sect like the Profound Feng Sect. Hence, it’s best that you guys cultivate diligently and you shall reap the rewards of your effort.”
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2220 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2221


Battles for Hundred Time, One Would Never Regret Dying in Battle
“Whoever managed to survive here are experts. In Profound Feng Sect, there is a Book Collection Pavilion. It only opens once every three months and you are allowed to enter the Book Collection Pavilion to select a cultivation technique that you want. Of course, you only have a single chance to do so. If you want to obtain more cultivation techniques, then you need to contribute more treasures like monster crystals from monsters or elixirs to exchange for the Divine Feng Value of our sect. The more Divine Feng points you have, the better cultivation technique you can obtain.
“My name is Bai Yunfei and I am the fourth senior. I am in charge of supervising the rules for the exterior disciples. Whoever violates the rule will be punished according to the sect’s law without exception,” Bai Feiyun said.
He was almost at the Late Void God Realm and his strength could be considered as one of the top amongst the external disciples.
As soon as he finished speaking, he turned around and left. In a flash, he disappeared in the void.
Behind Bai Yunfei, around one hundred external disciples were there to show the new disciples the way.
“Seniors, thank you for your guidance.”
Jiang Chen gave fifty Low-grade Divine Origin Stones to the seniors who guided them. The eyes of the seniors sparkled at the moment and they gave a satisfying glance to Jiang Chen. However, at the same time, they were startled by the lady beside Jiang Chen. She displayed a sense of gracefulness and has a gorgeous aura that made people stun.
“My name is Zhou Yunpeng, you can call me Senior Zhou. The sect is around three thousand miles big and there are more than a hundred thousand disciples cultivating in this mountain. However, three thousand miles is really big, so there are still a lot of places for you guys to cultivate. The area in the South Eastern part of the mountain near Feng Qi Mountain is filled with the most intense Divine Origin Qi. That’s why you guys should choose to stay near there,” Zhou Yunpeng smiled and said.
“I am Jiang Chen and both of them are my sisters. Zhou senior, what kind of place is Feng Qi Mountain?” Jiang Chen asked out of curiosity.
“Don’t ask anything about that place as it’s an ominous place. It’s been a forbidden place of our sect for hundreds of thousands of years. Feng Qi Mountain is a place where the old ancestor passed away while cultivating. No one is allowed to enter there. Moreover, that mountain is very strange. It’s said that an expert of our sect disappeared after he went to the mountain seven thousand years ago. His sect spiritual tablet was smashed completely at the same time. That meant that he had encountered misfortune in Feng Qi Mountain. That senior had already reached the peak of the True God Realm and no one was his match except for our sect master. However, he still died on that mountain. Since then, no one had dared to step into Feng Qi Mountain.” Zhou Yun Peng said in a low voice while he seemed to fall into contemplation.
“Don’t ever step into the area of Feng Qi Mountain, otherwise, the consequences will definitely be out of your imagination. Remember, we as the disciples of Profound Feng Sect must be hardworking in cultivating. Once every three months, we will have a sect contest. Every Time, there are some outer disciples that were able to enter the Hundred Battle Ranking which is quite honourable. Moreover, your stipend will also be raised to eighty Divine Origin stones. As new disciples, you will only receive fifty Divine Origin stones for your yearly stipend. Once you enter the Hundred Battle Ranking, you will also be considered as a celebrity amongst the external disciples.”
“Hundred Battle Ranking. Battle for a hundred times. Although it is risky, one never regrets dying in battle. Seems like Profound Feng Sect is really a place of battle.” Jiang Chen said seriously.
“That’s right. The weakest cultivator who managed to enter the Hundred Battle Ranking was at the peak of Middle Void God Realm. The top fifty of, meanwhile, are all the experts at the Late Void God Realm. All of them are formidable. There are more than a hundred thousand external disciples. It is not easy to ascend the first hundred.”
Zhou Yunpeng smiled bitterly.
“I have been cultivating for more than twenty years but I am still only an Early Void God. Although I’m only a step away from the Middle Void God realm, breaking through that gap is not as easy as I had imagined. There are more than three hundred thousand disciples like me who are struggling in breaking through. Sometimes, aptitude is not that important, the most important thing is luck. When you’re still under Ninth Grade Immortal Sovereign, it is easy to break through. But once you reach the Void God Realm, breaking through is not that easy anymore.”
“Twenty years!”
Jiang Chen murmured. It’s quite regrettable for Zhou Yunpeng to not be able to break through after twenty years. Moreover, he did not look like an ordinary person who could not achieve anything.
“Battle for a hundred times. Although it is risky, one never regrets dying in battle.”
Ling Yun murmured and gave Jiang Chen a glance. This man really gave her a mysterious feeling. Her master once told her that those who entered the Divine World from the Immortal World were people with great determination. They were also talented cultivators.
However, Jiang Chen was definitely the outstanding one amongst the talented cultivators.
“You are also a Void God, so you can give the contest a try. The contest for the Hundred Battle Ranking will start half a month from now. I estimate that there will be many people challenging the experts who are on the Hundred Battle Ranking. There are also many experts among the outer sect disciples. Except for the first ten experts in the ranking, it’s hard for the others to stay at the Hundred Battle Ranking for a long time.”
Zhou Yunpeng said with a smile. He said this to encourage Jiang Chen because Jiang Chen was only a new disciple. He was only a newbie, how could it be possible for him to compete for the Hundred Battle Ranking. It was definitely a fairy tale.
“Senior Zhou, do you know someone called Xiong Yan?”
“Xiong Yan? Are you saying the Xiong Yan who is the eighty-seventh on the Hundred Battle Ranking? That man is as robust as a tiger and he is truly an expert. Although he is only at the peak of Middle Void God Realm, he had defeated some Late Void God experts. However, he is only one of the weakest among those in the Hundred Battle Ranking. But, a person like him is already very formidable to us. Hehe.”
“Why? Do you know him?”
Zhou Yunpeng’s tone sounded serious obviously. If Jiang Chen really knew Xiong Yan, then he would definitely not take the fifty Lower-grade Divine Origin Stones offered by Jiang Chen. To him, it would be a great opportunity to befriend someone who knew Xiong Yan.
On the Hundred Battle Ranking, each of them are experts that aroused envy! Most of them would start a battle if you go against them. Who would dare to go against them?
“I don’t know him. I just heard of his name once but I have already forgotten who mentioned it.”
Jiang Chen shook his head.
“Then I will leave first. Take this chance to cultivate here. This is a spiritual talisman that could summon people. If you need any help from me, cast the talisman then I will come to give you a hand. However, this talisman only works in the sect.”
Zhou Yunpeng laughed and said, he then bid goodbye to Jiang Chen and the others. The talisman cost him three Low-grade Divine Origin Stones. He only did that to befriend Jiang Chen as he felt that Jiang Chen was definitely a wealthy person, for being able to easily give fifty Low-grade Divine Origin Stones. To Zhou Yunpeng, it was only a kind of investment.
“That place is full of mountains and old trees with the chirping of birds and the fragrance of flowers. It will be a good place to set up our mansion. Let’s make it there. Hahaha.”
Jiang Chen looked at the area near Feng Qi Mountain in the South Eastern direction, then immediately flew over.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2221 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2222


Come to the Door
“It’s really good to set up our place here.”
Ling Yun nodded and agreed with Jiang Chen.
“My brother really has a good insight. I like this place, it’s so beautiful.”
Yue Er drew Ling Yun’s arm while a smile was overflowing on her mouth. She was still a kid. A teen around twelve years old would always forget their worry when seeing attractive things.
“Great, let’s choose this place. I am going to set up our place.”
Jiang Chen’s eyes shone when seeing the beautiful view in front of them. He found the Divine Origin Qi here also refreshing.
“I want this place. You go look for other places.”
A yellow-robed young man said faintly. While giving Jiang Chen a glance, the corner of his mouth was overflowing with a smile.
“We have decided to stay here first, how can you take it away just like that?”
Yue Er’s face was filled with dissatisfaction and said coldly.
“This little girl’s temper is quite bad. I have decided to stay here. Hurry up and leave. Otherwise, don’t blame me for taking action.”
The yellow-robed guy frowned and his voice seemed to have become impatient and ruthless.
“Of course, if this beautiful lady wants to stay here with me, I will be very happy. Hahaha.”
Ling Yun looked calm. The man shivered for a moment after Ling Yun threw him a glance. He could not wait to be intimate with her and express his affection towards her.
“Kill him.”
Ling Yun looked at Jiang Chen.
“I feel unworthy for you. Supposedly, you would be safe and sound, but why do you want to steal from me? It’s fine if you just compete with me, but why go against this woman?”
Jiang Chen looked at the yellow robed young man with a fake smile.
“Killing me? Hahaha, I guess you have some mental issues. I have been kind enough to give this woman who had lost her virginity a chance. But you guys are foolish and ignorant. Seems like I am going to give you some lessons today.”
The yellow robed young man sneered. He was full of hatred towards Jiang Chen. It’s also because he was envious of Jiang Chen for having such an elegant beauty by his side. Why did he deserve such beauty to be with him?
Anger and envy started growing in his heart.
“Foolish people are everywhere in the world.”
Jiang Chen shook his head and heaved a sigh. The yellow-robed young man was getting angrier especially when Jiang Chen did not see him as a threat.
Jiang Chen waved his palm, throwing the young man out immediately and leaving him no chance to resist at all. He turned around and struck a blow, using the Five Elements Combat Dragon Seal. The yellow-robed young man’s countenance fell as he could not dodge the attack at all, and was injured badly. Blood spurted out from his mouth while his face looked as pale as snow.
“Let him go since Profound Feng Sect doesn’t allow anyone to murder a fellow disciple.”
Although Ling Yun was still angry, she did not want to bring trouble to Jiang Chen. They had just entered the Profound Feng Sect and if they broke the law, people might start arguing about them. They might not be able to escape from punishment if this spread to the ears of the higher-ups.
“But he had insulted you.”
Jiang Chen took a step forward and his figure started flashing.
The yellow-robed man was scared because he finally noticed Jiang Chen’s killing intent. Moreover, he realised that he was not a match for Jiang Chen even though their cultivation realm was not much different. Why was he defeated by Jiang Chen so easily?
The yellow-robed man took out his sword, however, his sword was snatched by Jiang Chen’s fingers. Then, a clear sound of a sword breaking buzzed out. In an instant, Jiang Chen hit the young man’s chest heavily with his palm.
The young man retreated while looking extremely terrified.
“Get away!”
Jiang Chen snorted.
“I will not let you off. My brother is the deacon of the outer disciples. I will not forget what happened today!”
The yellow-robed man turned away while coughing out some blood. He snorted and ran away.
“Is that man Huang Qiuyin? I heard that he is a new disciple and his background is quite profound.”
“You’re right. He is Huang Qiuyin. I have met him before in the Death Forest. His brother is the deacon of the outer disciples. That time, he was quite confident about himself and said that he would definitely enter the Profound Feng Sect.”
“He does really have a good background, however, he is too weak. Don’t you know the guy? It’s said that even the ruthless killing king, Wang Chongyang, doesn’t dare to act against him.”
“Huang Qiuyin has definitely targeted his woman, otherwise, why would he be beaten up? To be honest, that woman is really like a goddess. If I can……. Sigh. Careless talk will bring trouble to myself. I am not that lucky, so I better be more realistic.”
There were people passing by and discussing what Huo Qiuyin had done, but none of them pitied him. Everyone knew that he liked to bully others and he was lascivious. If he did not insult Jiang Chen, he definitely would not be beaten up.
“It’s said that Huang Qiuyin’s brother was one of the experts on the Hundred Battle Ranking. Although he is not on the ranking anymore right now, his strength is definitely still very formidable. I think this guy is going to have bad luck.”
Hearing the other’s discussion, Jiang Chen remained calm and did not worry at all.
“Three days later, he will definitely die.”
Jiang Chen’s words slightly shocked Ling Yun. She nodded her head lightly while feeling touched in her heart.
Jiang Chen wielded his Heavenly Dragon Sword and danced around the place. In an instant, a mansion was set up. The Lan Ting Mansion.
“You and Yue Er will stay in this room inside here, I am going to stay in the room outside.”
Jiang Chen said.
“Great. Brother Jiang, don’t come to this room that is specially set for us ladies during midnight. Hehe.”
“Don’t worry. We have the boundary. Cultivating here will make us progress much faster. How are you feeling?”
Jiang Chen looked at Ling Yun.
“Not a big deal, I will let you know when I need you.”
Ling Yun said in a low voice. She felt awkward while saying this. What did she mean when I needed you?
“Book Collection Pavilion will open three days later. You must put effort into your cultivation so you can choose a cultivation method that you want.”
Jiang Chen told Yue Er.
“I know, brother.”
“I am going to give her the best in the future.”
Ling Yun said.
Jiang Chen nodded because he knew his limitation. Ling Yun came from a great sect, so Jiang Chen did not need to worry about Yue Er in the future.
“Whose mansion is this? Get out of your mansion. Huang Tianba is here. Get out, get out.”
A deafening shout sounded and Jiang Chen frowned his forehead. They were here in such a short time.
“I will go out and have a look.”
Jiang Chen turned around and left the mansion. Outside of the mansion, a young man was holding an iron hammer and his eyes looked like fire torches. He was robust with an overbearing imposing manner. He wore clothes that were made of sackcloth but no one dared to look down upon him. There were four young men wearing the Profound Feng Sect label of deacons standing beside him. Each of them released overbearing imposing manner. Of course, Huang Qiuyin who was beaten heavily by Jiang Chen just now was also here.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2222 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2223


Chapter 2223
Pretending to be a Pig to Prey on the Tiger
“I have never expected that you would still be here. Hmph. I thought that you had found a cave to hide.”
Huang Qiuyin said in a cunning tone while staring at Jiang Chen with towering killing intent.
“Elder brother, he is the one who beat me up badly.”
Huang Qiuyin looked at Huang Tianba and complained about Jiang Chen.
Huang Tianba gave Huang Qiuyin a glance.
“Rubbish. You have shamed me, get out of here.”
Huang Tianba said coldly then turned his body around, looking directly at Jiang Chen.
“Are you the one who injured Qiuyin? A new disciple dares to be so reckless. Do you really think that Profound Feng Sect is your house? Hehe. The young generation today is really disappointing.”
Huang Tianba sneered.
“That’s right. Some guys would never know how high the sky is and how big the earth is. They just take action against anyone without rationale. They should go to the mirror and see if they have such capability.”
“Brother Tianba, I think we should throw them to the ravine and feed them to the dogs. Haha!”
“Yes. Qiuyin has just arrived here. How can he get bullied like this? Don’t worry. We won’t let a new disciple get bullied like this. This isn’t a place for anyone to bully others.”
Huang Tianba hadn’t even finished his words but the guys behind him had already spoken. They seemed like they were afraid of nothing at all, and said that they wanted to take the territory back for Huang Qiuyin.
“Are you guys here to find trouble? Taking the territory back, right? What if you guys lose to me? I am also a new disciple but you lot are already bullying me like this. Is this just? Although you guys are the deacons of outer disciples, you should not be so unfair,” Jiang Chen rebutted calmly.
“Being so arrogant, so what? Being so tyrannical so what? In this place, we talk with our strength. If you can defeat me, we will forget what happened today. However, if you lose, I’m afraid that you might suffer severe injuries,” Huang Tianba said.
His body was robust and looked vigorous. Just by looking at his body alone, one could see that he must be known for his strength.
“Otherwise, there’s another option. Ask your woman to come out here to kowtow to my brother thirty times. Then, I will let today’s matter go.”
“You have been severely overestimating your brother. Or do you really think that you are the most formidable person under the heavens? A deacon of the outer disciples? Your status doesn’t hold anything here.” Jiang Chen sneered.
“Seems like you want to compete with us!” The people around Huang Tianba said.
“Not bad. Since you guys are here to fight, then let’s discuss the rules of the battle. I don’t want something like this to ever happen again in the future, otherwise, I won’t have time to cultivate anymore.”
“All right. You tell me what’s the rule.”
Huang Tianbao threw away the hammer in his hand then crossed his arms over his chest, looking at Jiang Chen as if he’s interested in what Jiang Chen was going to say.
“Let’s bet Divine Origin Stones. What do you think?”
“Sure. How much Divine Origin Stone do you want to bet? I am willing to humor you.”
Huang Tianba’s eyes looked ruthless and said coldly.
“Thirty thousand Low-grade Divine Origin Stones! How about it?”
Jiang Chen moved his finger then thirty thousand Low-grade Divine Origin Stones appeared behind him. At this moment, everyone took a cold breath and was stunned when they saw the amount of Divine Origin Stones. It’s estimated that only those experts in the Hundred Battle Ranking would have such a huge amount of wealth.
The people around who were waiting for a show suddenly became really excited. Thirty thousand Divine Origin Stones was not a wealth that normal people could imagine. It was equal to thirty Mid-grade Divine Origin Stones. Who wouldn’t be stunned by such a huge amount of Divine Origin Stones?
“What’s the background of this guy? Such a wealthy background. He just took out thirty thousand Divine Origin Stones.”
“That’s right. I never saw so many Low-grade Divine Origin Stones in my life before. Is this guy having a mental problem? Doesn’t he know that he should not show his wealth like this? I am afraid that many people are going to target him.”
“He’s really too young. I guess Huang Tianba would be thrilled. This guy used so much to challenge Huang Tianba. Huang Tianba’s strength is at the peak of Middle Void God Realm, but this guy is just at the Early Void God Realm. I wish I could also share a part of that fortune. Haha.”
The people around were incomparably excited. Who wouldn’t be moved by thirty thousand Low-grade Divine Origin Stones?
Huang Tian took a deep breath while his eyes were staring at the thirty thousand Low-grade Divine Origin Stones.
“How about it? If you lose, are you going to give me thirty thousand Low-grade Divine Origin Stones as well?” Jiang Chen said with pride.
“All right. Since you are willing to give such wealth to me, how could I refuse your generous offer? Haha. I am going to accept these thirty thousand Low-grade Divine Origin Stones with gratitude.” Huang Tianba’ eyes carried excitement.
This guy was really rich because Huang Tianba only had around one hundred thousand Low-grade Divine Origin Stones and around ten Mid-grade Divine Origin Stones. It was really mouth watering when looking at this guy’s wealth. He definitely had more Divine Origin Stones.
“If you guys want to make a bet, take out your Divine Origin Stones. I still have around twenty thousand Divine Origin Stones, I am going to bet everything today.”
Jiang Chen looked at the people around Huang Tianba who were tempted to make a try. Jiang Chen’s words even brightened their eyes and they started taking out their Divine Origin Stones.
“I bet three hundred Low-grade Divine Origin Stones!”
“I bet five hundred. That’s all I have. Haha/”
“I bet eighty.”
“I bet a hundred!”
In a flash, there were around three hundred people joining the gamble. The twenty thousand Divine Origin Stones were already in front of their eyes. Everyone was looking forward to the battle because they knew that it was impossible for Huang Tianba to lose. Although he only stayed on the Hundred Battle Ranking for three days, it was enough to arouse people’s envy. Otherwise, he would not be qualified to become the deacon for external disciples. Huang Tianba had been cultivating in Profound Feng Sect for more than twenty years. His aptitude was already quite incredible.
“I will take away these thirty thousand Divine Origin Stones,” Huang Tianba said proudly.
Jiang Chen’s eyes carried some kind of cunningness. If he showed out all of his Divine Origin Stones, he might cause people to doubt him. That’s why he only took out fifty thousand Low-grade Divine Origin Stones. He would already be satisfied if he won fifty thousand. Right now, Jiang Chen has fourteen hundred thousand Low-grade Divine Origin Stones, and one thousand and three hundred Mid-grade Divine Origin Stones. This was already quite a huge amount of wealth.
“I don’t think you have such capability.”
Jiang Chen gave the crowd a glance. He planned to cheat everyone here. Since you guys love to watch shows, then you should pay some price to watch my show.
“Garrulous, simple-minded. All of your Divine Origin Stones will be mine.”
Huang Tianba said faintly. He was extremely confident in himself. Those waiting for the show to start also looked forward to Huang Tianba defeating Jiang Chen, and to reveal his true colours.
“These people might not be a match for brother Jiang.”
Yue Er said in a low voice.
“He’s pretending to be a pig to prey on the tiger. But these people deserved to lose.”
At the entrance of the cave mansion, Ling Yun smiled gracefully and looked devastatingly beautiful.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2223 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2224


Senior Huang, Are You Going Back on Your Own Words? 
“Haha, I am going to gain back a few times more Divine Origin Stones.”
“Can’t agree more. There isn’t any suspense in this battle because Deacon Huang will definitely win and get all of the Divine Origin Stones.”
“Wealth that has fallen from the heavens. Only a fool won’t take it!”
A greedy and uncontented person is like a snake trying to swallow an elephant!
This was exactly the effect Jiang Chen wanted to create. Would it be so easy for these guys to squeeze out Divine Origin Stone from me? I am not someone who is easily bullied.  
Those with great greed had to pay the price. If they wanted to get Jiang Chen’s Divine Origin Stones, they had to pay the exact price. Although Huang Tianba is the deacon of the outer disciples, this did not mean that he could do whatever he wanted. Even though he had been on the Hundred Battle Ranking, so what? Xiong Yan had been on the Hundred Battle Ranking as well, but he was still killed by Jiang Chen.
“Let’s take action. You don’t have any chance. You’re a new disciple, so I won’t kill you. I have agreed not to kill you, but I will still give you a lesson to help you grow. It’s necessary,” Huang Tianba said faintly.
“Really? If that’s the case, then let’s start the show, Senior Huang.” Jiang Chen said with a smile.
“You are biting off more than you can chew. Hmph!”
Huang Tianba shouted in a deep voice with an extremely cold look. He held his mace and struck a blow forward. The enormous iron mace almost covered up the entire sky. His terrifying strength tore the sky apart, meanwhile Jiang Chen, with the Heavenly Dragon Sword in his hand, also rushed towards Huang Tianba. The sound produced from their battle was deafening and terrifying.
Their battle could already be considered as intense. It was out of Huang Tianba’s expectation that Jiang Chen was this formidable. Normally, a Late Void God would not be his match. But today he was restrained by an Early Void God.
“You are no match for me!” Jiang Chen said indifferently.
His sword flew to the east and suddenly broke through the heavens. This scene made Huang Tianba stunned. And now he was left with no chance to escape at all. When the sword fell down sharply, Huang Tianba’s face showed great shock.
“No!”
Huang Tian’s countenance fell and said in a deep voice. He retreated quickly and even discarded the weapon in his hand.
However, Jiang Chen’s sword had already fallen down. Jiang Chen immediately took up his sword and chopped Huang Tianba’s arm off. Although Huang Tianba wanted to grab his arm back, his broken arm was smashed completely by Jiang Chen’s overbearing sword. Only his blood was left on the ground, instead of the arm. He was thinking of connecting his arm back to his body, but it was already smashed by Jiang Chen.
“You’re so cruel!”
Huang Tianba looked gloomy and said. His eyes were incomparably ruthless but also carried some colour of pain. He could bear the pain of losing an arm but he could not tolerate this kind humiliation. There were so many people watching their battle. He was really humiliated this time, moreover, he had lost one of his arms and was about to lose thirty thousand Divine Origin Stones. It could be said that he had thrown good money after bad.
“You deserve this ending. I thought you wanted to take revenge for your brother? You even wanted to win the Divine Origin Stones in my hand? Anyway, the winner takes it all. Don’t you know this principle?”
Jiang Chen looked at Huang Tianba with disdain. Huang Tianba was almost about to burst from anger but he realised that he had no words to say at all because he was defeated. No one understood more than him about how terrifying Jiang Chen’s strike was. If that sword had fallen on his neck, he would have lost his life. In other words, if Jiang Chen really wanted to kill him, he would already have died.
“Such a formidable sword!”
“Yea, Huang Tianba wasn’t able to resist that strike.”
“We have underestimated this new disciple. There’s always people better than us. Oh, my Divine Origin Stones! I was thinking about earning something, but now I have lost more.”
“This guy will definitely have a bright future. While just being at the Early Void God Realm, he has already defeated Huang Tianba who had been on the Hundred Battle Ranking before. He is really too strong.”
Everyone was in a great shock, however, they also felt sad as their Divine Origin Stones were cheated by Jiang Chen. To them, those Divine Origin Stones that they had gambled were their savings and hard-earned money. Those Divine Origin Stones were the foundation of their cultivation and also the currency they needed in their daily life. Three to five hundred Divine Origin Stones would be all the wealth the lower-grade disciples like them had.
“I have lost.”
Huang Tianba murmured, stunning Huang Qiuyin. Huang Tianba was a supreme presence who had been on the Hundred Battle Ranking. His Heavenly Horse Mace was incredibly terrifying. Many of the experts who had the same cultivation as him would have been scared of his weapon. It was not an issue for him to confront ten people normally, but today he lost unexpectedly.
“Brother…”
Huang Qiuyin still thought of saying something but he was interrupted by Huang Tianba.
“Shut up. You have already caused trouble to me.”
Huang Tianba gave a cold glance to Huang Qiuyin. He would not simply let go of the humiliation he suffered today.
“All of the senior brothers here, I am going to take all of your Divine Origin Stones with gratitude.”
Jiang Chen waved his hands and collected the twenty thousand Divine Origin Stones. More than one hundred of his seniors heave a long sigh because they knew this was the consequence of their own action. They thought they would definitely win this gamble but it was out of their expectation that Jiang Chen had been pretending to be a pig to prey on the tiger. Huang Tianba couldn’t match him, unexpectedly. They did not feel unjust about the result because there were always two sides of the coin. They were overconfident on Huang Tianba, that’s why they lost.
Although their facial expression looked extremely heartbroken, Jiang Chen would not give them any chance. Who asked you to be so greedy and thought about earning my Divine Origin Stones? This is the lesson and also the price.
Jiang Chen purposely wanted to show them some lesson, otherwise, they would cause more and more troubles to him in the future. In addition, Ling Yun was indeed too beautiful so those powerful people normally wished to show off in front of a goddess. Jiang Chen would unavoidably become their target. He actually slightly regretted bringing Ling Yun along with him. A beauty like her would definitely become the spotlight of everyone no matter where she was.
On the other hand, Jiang Chen already did his best to show his mercy as he did not kill Huang Tianba. As he just entered Profound Feng Sect, Jiang Chen did not want to act too reckless and kill many people. He was always the kind of person who would not offend others if others did not offend him. He rarely went to provoke others by himself. But, right now, the peerless beauty would definitely not bring him peace but only chaos.
“Let’s go!”
Huang Tianba snorted and brought the people around him, leaving the place. However, they were stopped by Jiang Chen.
“What happened? Senior Huang, are you going to go back on your own words? You haven’t paid me the thirty thousand Divine Origin Stones. It’s not right. As a senior, shouldn’t you be a role model? I have taken the Divine Origin Stones from your brothers. If I don’t get yours, I guess others won’t feel comfortable in their heart. Am I right?” Jiang Chen said while laughing.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2224 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2225


Chapter 2225
Five Hundred Thousand Low-grade Divine Origin Stones
Huang Tianba’s facial expression became terrible again. Even after exploiting the other disciples for twenty years, he only managed to save up around ten thousand. He had also spent some Divine Origin Stones in cultivation. But right now, he really had no way to take out thirty thousand Divine Origin Stones.
“Each one of you, give me three thousand Divine Origin Stones. I will return it next time.”
Huang Tianba looked at the people around him.
The deacons could only smile bitterly as they had never expected Huang Tianba to involve them into the debt. However, due to their dignity, they did not dare to refuse him. Although Huang Tianba promised to payback, no one knew if that day would really come.
After collecting thirty thousand Divine Origin Stones, Huang Tianba waved his hands and tossed it over to Jiang Chen. Jiang Chen nodded with satisfaction.
“Exactly thirty thousands. If Senior Huang has Divine Origin Stones again in the future, you are welcome to challenge me again. At that time, we can beat more than these.”
Jiang Chen’s words made Huang Tianba who had already left almost fell down to the void. How can this guy be so despicable?
Most of the people had left the place with disappointment. Jiang Chen did not bother them at all as the Divine Origin Stones were in his hands now. He had nineteen hundred thousand Divine Origin Stones now and he was going to close up himself to focus on cultivation.
“Brother, you’re awesome!” Yue Er clapped her hands and said.
“I have fifty thousand Divine Origin Stones for you, Yue Er. Take it and make use of your time to cultivate and advance to the Void God Realm,” Jiang Chen said.
“Cultivators below the Void God Realm couldn’t absorb the energy in the Divine Origin Stone, otherwise, their foundation will be affected,” Ling Yun said.
Jiang Chen felt a bit awkward and gave an innocent glance to Yue Er.
“I didn’t know about that. Hope that you don’t mind.”
“It’s okay. I know that brother wants the best for me.”
Yue Er smiled in a playful way. Jiang Chen really liked Yue Er’s pure and naive temperament.
“Make the best use of your time to cultivate. In the future, Yue Er’s achievement won’t be lower than you. Ten thousand Low-grade Divine Origin Stones should be enough for you to break through to the Middle Void God Realm. But you might need ten times that amount to break through the Late Void God Realm in the future,” Ling Yun said faintly.
“Great!”
Jiang Chen did not say too much and started to focus on his cultivation. He had absorbed a large amount of Divine Origin Stones within three days.
Ten thousand, twenty thousand, thirty thousand, fifty thousand……one hundred thousand, one hundred fifty thousand, one hundred ninety thousand……
Jiang Chen had absorbed all the Divine Origin Stones, but he still hadn’t grasped the opportunity to break through to the Middle Void God Realm.
“It’s strange, why would it be like this? Why does he need so much energy in culvation.”
Ling Yun furrowed her forehead as she had never heard of someone who needed so much energy. The amount of Divine Origin Stones and Divine Qi she absorbed to break through to the Middle Void God Realm was not this much in the past. Now, Jiang Chen had already absorbed one hundred ninety thousand Divine Origin Stones, but nothing happened. His body was like a bottomless pit as it was not full yet no matter how much he filled it.
“Since this is the case, I am going to give you some help. It’s also considered as paying back your kindness for saving me.”
Ling Yun thought in her heart. At this moment, she waved her graceful hands lightly. More than three hundred thousand Divine Origin Stones appeared in front of Jiang Chen all of a sudden. He just found out that such a rich lady was actually staying beside him.
“Three hundred thousand Low-grade Divine Origin Stones!”
Jiang Chen took in a cold breath but he did not dare hesitate at all. He knew that he should not be distracted at this moment. Ling Yun’s gift for him made him really touched and excited.
With the three hundred thousand Divine Origin Stones, Jiang Chen’ body finally experienced some changes. The dragon marks on his body had increased to 2.51 million from 2.43. He has finally advanced to the Middle Void God Realm at this moment. He had consumed a total of five hundred thousand Divine Origin Stones! Ling Yun’s gift had helped him achieve this, so Jiang Chen was really thankful to her.
The strength was surging vigorously in his body and the 2.51 million dragon marks were spreading across his body. Jiang Chen’s strength once again hit another level and he was now a Middle Void God!
“Hu……!”
Jiang Chen took a long breath while he looked incomparably dignified. He was thankful to Ling Yun for this.
“Thank you.”
Jiang Chen looked at Ling Yun sincerely.
“Those Low-grade Divine Origin Stones are actually useless to me,” Ling Yun said.
“Then you should give all of them to me,” Jing Chen said.
Ling Yun frowned her forehead.
“Just joking. Hahaha!”
Jiang Chen burst into laughter. Those three hundred thousand Low-grade Divine Origin Stones were already a huge gift from her and he was quite moved by her action. They were equal to three thousand Mid-grade Divine Origin Stones or thirty High-grade Divine Origin Stones. Of course, no one would be willing to exchange High-grade Divine Origin Stones to Mid-grade Divine Origin Stones.
“It’s unexpected that you have consumed up to five hundred thousand Low-grade Divine Origin Stones just to break through. However, your strength doesn’t seem to be experiencing an enormous transformation.?
“I never thought of this as well. It won’t be wasted, will it?” Jiang Chen said with a smile.
Only he knew that those divine origin stones had been turned into dragon marks and was blended into his veins and organs. Only when fighting in a true battle will his true strength be displayed!
“Today is the opening day of the Book Collection Pavilion.”
Jiang Chen almost forgot what day today was.
“Let’s go there and have a look. I guess there will be many disciples entering the pavilion to look for cultivation methods they wanted.”
Jiang Chen, Ling Yun and Yue Er followed all the other new disciples from Feng Xi Mountain to Feng Yuan Mountain where the Book Collection Pavilion was located. The journey to the Book Collection Pavilion was more than thousands of miles and seemed endless. There was an eldery man in shabby clothing guarding in front of the entrance of the Book Collection Pavilion. He seemed to be very bored, lazy and even kept on yawning.
“The Book Collection Pavilion is a huge place. There are nine floors in total. From the first to the third floor, you could choose a cultivation method, however you have to exchange them with Divine Feng Points for the next opening of the Book Collection Pavilion. You could earn Divine Feng Points by hunting monster crystals or execute missions at Deer Mourn Mountain. Let’s go inside the pavilion but remember you only have an hour to stay inside. After one hour, the Book Collection Pavilion will close up automatically. It’s not my business if you’re suffocated inside. *yawn*”
The elder yawned again and said with his blurry face.
However, the moment Ling Yun passed him by, the elder’s blurry eyes suddenly became sharp.
“Tut-tut, such a beautiful young lady.”
Jiang Chen gave the blurry elder an unsatisfied glance as his lewd look irritated him.
“His strength is formidable but I can’t feel it right now. I think he is not any weaker than me when I was still in my peak,” Ling Yun said in a low voice.
“Did he notice you?”
Jiang Chen asked.
“No. He might only find my spiritual strength different from others.”
As soon as Ling Yun finished speaking, a blue figure appeared in front of Jiang Chen.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2225 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2226


Sui Zhenkai’s battle invitation
“You’re Jiang Chen?” The blue-robed youth looked at Jiang Chen and said with a cold expression.
“Do we know each other?” Jiang Chen asked.
“Huang Tianba told me that you are very strong. Therefore, I would like to challenge you and see whether you’re as strong as he said to be.”
The youth’s long hair fluttered even in the absence of wind, making him look even more handsome, exhibiting an overbearing vigor. His strength has already reached the Late Void God Realm, making him stand out amongst the others gathered in the place.
“Isn’t that fella shameless? Sui Zhenkai is one of the hundred ranker experts and he just challenged a new disciple. This is too much.”
“Yeah, the guy just entered the sect not too long ago. He must be pretty strong to force a ranker to come out.”
“Rank 69th in the Hundred Battle Ranking. Such an expert must have reached the level of Late Void God Realm and probably one of the stronger Late Void Gods. Since some Late Void Gods couldn’t even enter the 100 battle rankings. This means that those experts that were able to enter the ranks are truly powerful cultivators.”
“What if I do not accept it?” Jiang Chen said coldly.
“To act recklessly for the sake of a woman. Such a man is certainly not a coward. You will certainly fight me even though you know that you’ll lose to me in the end.” Sui Zhenkai replied coldly.
“You’re half correct, but that’s not the result. You will end up like Huang Tianba in the end, losing pitifully.” Jiang Chen said proudly.
“Such an arrogant fellow. Looks like you still don’t know what a true expert of this world looks like. The Profound Feng Sect is not a place where you can act recklessly. I shall let you know that a new disciple must have a mindset of those rookies. Huang Tianba once helped me before, hence, I shall avenge him. Moreover, you’re not worthy of such a gorgeous beauty. ” Sui Zhenkai smiled as he looked at Ling Yun.
The smile was filled with a gentle and elegant feel, just like the one that comes from a young scholar, well-mannered. It was completely different from the cold stare he had while he was facing Jiang Chen.
“This person is obviously here for Big Sister Ling. Big Brother, you must take care of him properly.”
Yue Er was waving her little fist with a serious look on her face as if she was up to something, making Jiang Chen chuckle from her action.
“Such an adorable little girl. Pity, the mouth is a bit… hehe.”’ Sui Zhenkai said with a laugh and turned towards Jiang Chen with a solemn expression.
“Tomorrow, the life-and-death stage. I await your presence.”
“Deciding on victory and deciding on who to live and die.”
Sui Zhenkai was slightly stunned by Jiang Chen’s words.
“Hahaha. This is more than what I wished for. Deciding on the victory and also one’s own very life. I did not plan to kill you but looks like you’re confident in yourself. It’s not surprising that Huang Tianbao lost to you. But you’re too arrogant, you’re fated to die a horrible death.”
“Let us see about that!” Jiang Chen said.
Countless people witnessed this scene and were looking forward to it. Tomorrow’s battle, a ranked 69th expert will fight against a newly entered disciple. This was the first after several decades. Such an event was one that attracts many Outer Sect disciples to witness.
Now, wherever Jiang Chen went, he would become the centre of attention of the place. But the true reason for this attention was because of the two pretty girls beside him, especially Ling Yun, even though her face was covered by an azure mask, her magnificent beauty still shows. No other woman could ever be compared against her. How can such an unparalleled beauty not be liked?
Historically, beauty is always paired with a hero. Jiang Chen, a new disciple of the sect, was like a cow’s sh*t compared to those self-proclaimed prodigious seniors. He must’ve gotten extremely lucky to have such a beauty to follow him.
“That person is quite strong. At least, for the current you, he’s strong. You have to be careful.” Ling Yun reminded me.
This made Jiang Chen feel a bit weirded out by her action. This is the first time this woman cared about me. 
“Ahh…  youth…  a beauty shall forever be popular no matter where she goes. Hehe, if this old man is several hundred years younger, I would probably act the same. Hmph hmph, such an intoxicating beauty. ” Elder Wu murmured happily, with a teasing expression on his face.
But nobody noticed that this Book Collection Pavilion Elder who looked improper had eyes that were cold and stubborn, as he was careful on everyone who enters the place. After all, this was his duty.
After the trio entered the pavilion, Jiang Chen’s expression became serious. He wanted to pick a powerful battle technique but Ling Yun did not care and Yue Er was feeling bored, causing him to feel at loss. One doesn’t see a single value in the techniques stored here and the other does not plan to practice the cultivation techniques here. He was the only one searching seriously, making him look like a fool in the eyes of Yue Er and Ling Yun.
“Hmm?” Jiang Chen frowned.
On the corner of the third floor, he found an incomplete volume that was covered with dust and spider webs. Yet its name attracted his attention. Its name was 《Sword of Solitude》. The name was out of the ordinary, he could not imagine what kind of sword techniques it holds.
“Forever solitary, created this sword out alone, a solitary blade, a solitary life.”
Those were written on the first page. Jiang Chen thought this sword art must be extraordinary. He too could feel the solidarity from the book.
“This sword art. You think highly of it?” Ling Yun looked at Jiang Chen and asked.
“Yes. Why? Is there an issue?”
“Rumours have it that this is a sword art created by a True God. I’ve seen it in my sect too, it has a weird name. But… it’s just trash.”
Jiang Chen was stunned.
“How trashy is it?”
“Meaning that his sword techniques are unparalleled under the heavens. After that, a disciple practised the sword technique and was beaten like a pulp. So as every disciple after him. I think this 《Sword of Solitude》is the same type as the one in my sect. Just a myth, it is probably not even a complete sword art,” Ling Yun said.
“A formless fool is the most fatal. Is that what it means?” Jiang Chen said.
Meaning that this sword art is trash.
“I would like to see what was written down in this book.” Jiang Chen said because he thought that this sword art was not as weak as Ling Yun says.
“This is the Phantom Wolf Clone Technique, Big Brother. I deliberately chose it for you.” Yue Er was holding a cultivation technique book with a smug face.
“This is a Flying Sword Technique. If your 《Sword of Solitude》is no good. Use this.” Ling Yun ignored Jiang Chen, as she said she did not need the techniques that were stored here.
Moreover, she would give Yue Er the best. Both of them will leave in the future. Hence, they both chose a technique and gave it to Jiang Chen.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2226 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2227


Sword of Solitude
“‘Sword of Solitude’?  Looks like you’re really new, boy. This sword art is very weak. The weakest, in fact, in its grade. Are you sure you want to choose this? There is still time, I suggest that you pick another.” Elder Wu said with a smile, trying to persuade Jiang Chen to change.
“This book it is. I would like to see how trashy this Sword of Solitude is.”
“I have no more words if you said it like so…” Elder Wu shook his head while chuckling.
He wouldn’t have commented on it if it was any other technique. But this technique was truly trash amongst trash. Therefore, he spoke out of consideration. But evidently Jiang Chen did not accept this kindness of his.
Jiang Chen kept away the Flying Sword Technique and decided to practice the Phantom Wolf Clone Technique. Honestly, this was the upgraded version of the Nine Phantom Wolves. Moreover, this Divine World technique has thoroughly dissected the infrequent changes of the Phantom Wolves. The Nine Phantom Wolves will certainly raise several levels up after he learned the Phantom Wolf Clone Technique. The speed and changes he possesses will increase by several folds.
Jiang Chen swept away the thick dust on the book, “Sword of Solitude” and opened its page. And upon reading its contents, Jiang Chen was thoroughly shocked. The words were too overbearing!
“One would become unparalleled under the heavens after learning the Sword of Solitary. One slash severs the connection to the secular world, tens of thousands of sword qi change into the sword of solitary, enabling it to cut down all immortals and mortals alike. Unparalleled. Solitary is alcohol, is sadness, it’s homesickness.”
“It would be great if it is that mysterious.” Jiang Chen said with a laugh.
“The first sword uses the blade to cut through flowing water but the water still flows. When one is able to sleep when he’s alone, he could certainly eliminate all troubles within his mind.”
“The second sword, I hope to ride on the wind and return to the heavens; the sword qi can sever the sky.”
“The third sword, standing alone!”
“Only three techniques?” Jiang Chen murmured. It is nothing, only the intent and without the form.
“Solitude is an alcohol, solitary is a wound, solitary is homesickness.” Jiang Chen recalled his memories of the Immortal World, the wind of the Immortal World, the rain of the Immortal World, the mountain of the Immortal World, the people… the tragedy of a father and son, Wu Ningzhu, Yan Chengyu as well as Yan Qingcheng.
In the eyes of Jiang Chen, a tinge of sadness could be seen. That solitude was something none could understand. It stems from the separation of one world to another. Moreover, the solitude has made Jiang Chen’s sword intent become much more at loss. Perplexed, yet it glitters steadfast with faith.
“The Nine Region of the Immortal World, the solitary sword, cannot describe the melancholy of parting.” Jiang Chen murmured.
A shadow wielding a black sword suddenly appeared in his mind. That shadow gave off a familiar feeling, that solitude seeped into his bones and into the soul. The Sword of Solitude, the sword moves whenever the heart moves. At this moment, Jiang Chen’s Heavenly Dragon Sword too, slowly moved.
Every gesture and motion, stab and slash was as if it was created by the heavens. The Sword of Solitude moves alongside the wind, moves alongside the solitary intent, piercing straight towards the Supreme Heaven, destroying the Heaven’s Intent!
“The first sword, when one is unable to sleep when he’s alone, he could certainly eliminate all troubles within his mind.”
A single sword slash. No powerful nor devastating aura was created, only a solitary sword intent. Not destroying a single flower nor grass, a single mountain nor pebble, but it gave off an invincible feel to it. This sword intent felt like it was inscribed with the solitude and silence of this world. This blade felt like it came from the Supreme Heavens!
The solitary sword intent. At this moment, Jiang Chen finally understood the sword intent. It felt like it was in the book, then it felt like it was presented in front of his eyes, in his hands, just a single touch away.
The solitary feeling was not limited to the sentiment of the homesickness, it was more of grief and anxiousness, reflection and at loss. It was exactly such a contrasting feeling that the sword intent of solitude was born, piercing up towards the heavens and invincible.
“Invincibility is such a lonely place……”
Jiang Chen could almost hear the black figure murmuring. The side of his face was lonely, cold, and icy. The killing intent it possessed was great, the sole being under the heavens.
“Who are you?”
Jiang Chen recalled in his mind and asked palely.
“I am the lonely version of you. Also, the rebirth of solitude.”
The opposite party said and was instantly engulfed by the darkness. Jiang Chen suddenly opened up his eyes with a solemn expression. It’s as if he had just gone through a great battle as he was sweating profusely.
Ling Yun looked at Jiang Chen with extreme shock. The terrifying sword intent she felt from before even gave her, who was a Heavenly God, feel afraid for her life. That sword intent felt like it could sever the void itself and change the colour of the Heavens and Earth.
“Did he really manage to learn it? It’s not an abandoned sword art?”
Ling Yun’s expression displayed disbelief. The others might have not known, but she understood the sword art. No one was able to learn this sword art, and those unfortunate ones who happened to learn it became the weakest of them all. But at this moment, Jiang Chen comprehended the essence of the art, the sword intent of solitude.
“Even though I’ve only comprehended the first technique, it is enough.” Jiang Chen was not anxious.
He knew that the Sword of Solitude was extraordinary. It was a great fortune for him that he was able to learn the first technique by chance. But at least he has reached a new height, the terror of the first technique granted him the strength to destroy the Heavens and Earth. It possesses a devastating attack of a fierce beast.
“To think that this was not an abandoned sword technique. It’s just that no one was able to really utilise its strength. The sword intent of that blade is truly terrifying.” Ling Yun murmured.
At this moment, Jiang Chen was content with the result. The fact showed that his decision was right.
“Big Brother is great! Big Sister Ling said you’re a one in a million prodigy. Even though you’re still slightly lacking compared to me, it’s good enough.” Yue Er said seriously.
“Hahaha, to think our little Yue Er is so powerful.” Jiang Chen said with a great laugh.
On the second day, Sui Zhenkai stood on the life-and-death stage with a blade in his arms with his eyes closed. He stood there like a golden spear, erect, quietly exerting a boundless imposing manner.
Countless outer sect disciples surrounded the area beside the stage. The audience amounted to at least several thousands. The news of the 69th ranked Sui Zhenkai challenging a new disciple has reached the ears of the whole outer sect, attracting countless people to come and see.
Are there any weak rankers on the Hundred Battle Ranking? On one hand, Sui Zhenkai was there to avenge Huang Tianba, on the other hand, it was for his selfishness, for the sake of the opposite sex. Since Ling Yun was obviously beautiful, such beauty had attracted countless men. Whereby Jiang Chen was unqualified to be with such a goddess. It’s like a beautiful flower stuck on top of a cow’s shit.
Everyone knew, the men that were eyeing on Ling Yun were as much as the fur growing on a cow. A beautiful woman will attract the attention of the eyes of men. Especially those guys who call themselves heroes. How could a hero be lacking beauty beside him?
This sword has already been baptised by sacrificial blood, its calamity of the world, it could also make beauty fall in love. Becoming a famous person, who can really understand what I feel? Using fire to tease the feudal lords, looking at the wolf smoke rising, it was all for the sake of making that beauty smile.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2227 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2228


Men Should be Born to Fight
Every man dreamt of having such a country toppling beauty to be by their side. Otherwise, what use is there in conquering everything under the heavens? What use is the title of being the strongest under the heavens? An expert is fated to have a company, an admirer, this was the ganghu (martial world), this was life.
In the eyes of Sui Zhenkai, only by having such a beauty by his side will the title of ‘hero’ be well deserved. To be ranked within a hundred amongst a hundred thousand disciples. Such arrogance was definitely not something that could be compared to an average person, untamable and cold.
At least, he’s not someone that could be compared to the likes of Huang Tianba.
“Looks like that fellow doesn’t dare to come for today’s battle. Haha.”
“Predictable. This time, Sui Zhenkai has gone too far. His opponent is just a new disciple of the sect, for four days! He has already been challenged, and it’s an expert from the Hundred Battle Ranking. I wouldn’t come if it was me.”
“Yeah, there is only one end to those who like to play the hero, and that is death.”
“Having both talent and ability, why be afraid of a challenge? The heroes under the heavens are born under the same generation as us. What use is there to cultivate when one doesn’t dare to accept such a challenge?”
“You’re right. But I think the result of this battle has already been decided. Sui Zhenkai is here for Huang Tianba’s sake. But he certainly has other motives. Hehe.”
Countless people were discussing, but Sui Zhenkai ignored the chatter. Nobody could tell him what to do nor stop him from acting.
……….
“He’s coming, he really came! That fellow came to accept the challenge.”
“Of course, he had to come. After all, a whole bunch of new disciples and seniors witnessed what happened. Otherwise, how could he stand his ground in the sect? ”
Jiang Chen came to the area from the sky with the two ladies beside him. One was a little girl and the other was a beautiful lady. The latter was wearing an azure mask to cover her face, yet her beauty could not be concealed, mesmerizing countless heroes in the process. A woman like her was fated to bring chaos to the world, eventually overthrowing the world.
Little Yue Er was energetic. Even though she was young, she was slowly becoming a pretty little lady. In the future, she would certainly grow into a beauty too.
Ling Yun held onto Yue Er’s arm. Jiang Chen walked towards the front, making countless people envy him in the process. But at the same time, countless people felt sad for him.
“The peaceful days of the family of three will finally be broken apart. This stage could decide the life and death of the contenders. Even though this clash is not fair, no one forced him to come. This rookie is still too green.”
“Isn’t it? Strength must be accompanied by ability. His woman is truly drop-dead gorgeous. Whereby if he doesn’t have the strength to even protect his own woman, then he’s fated to become a stepping stone of others and his woman shall become the wife of others. Hehe, this is such a world where the strongs steps over the weak. The powerful shall forever be the one standing on the top. If you feel that this is unfair, then, you’ll have to defeat him first.”
Jiang Chen listened to the mockery and disdain of those people quietly, completely indifferent. No one wanted to replace him, his appearance had caused the audience to feel ashamed. The current Jiang Chen had become stronger once again. He had no worries in facing Sui Zhenkai now.
As for those people who thought Ling Yun was his woman and Yue Er as their child. Jiang Chen only listened to what he wanted to listen, otherwise his blood would boil, and he’d die due to anger.
Ling Yun was already used to it. Even though she did not say anything, Jiang Chen could feel a slight annoyance from her, even anger. But what could they do about it? The others will definitely think of them as a family of three. Of course, Jiang Chen would face the most danger. Because he needed to accept the challenges and provocations from numerous experts at any moment, protecting a woman that was not his wife was his daily life now.
“I thought you’re not going to come.” Sui Zhenkai looked at Jiang Chen with a smile, but his gaze was more focused on Ling Yun. He completely disregarded Jiang Chen as his equal.
“I thought you’ve become blind.” Jiang Chen too gave a slight smile in response.
“You’re forcing me to kill you, forcing me to kill you in the swiftest way possible. Know this, it’s not that hard.” Sui Zhenkai said disdainfully.
“This time, let’s see you try getting away from my grasp.”
Huang Tianba’s eyes were cold while watching from the sideline. But his heart became warm just thinking about Sui Zhenkai killing Jiang Chen. That fellow’s cocky days shall be over. His vengeance for his severed arm and his little brother’s death shall be avenged. Huang Tianba has already decided that the death of Huang Qiuyin was the responsibility of Jiang Chen. If not for him, his little brother will certainly not die. Even though there weren’t any clues, he was sure that it was done by Jiang Chen.
“I ought to be able to replace you on the 69th rank on the Hundred Battle Ranking after killing you, right?” Jiang Chen said.
“Yes. But the prerequisite is that you have the ability to do so. Why don’t we make a bet? Maybe, this could save your life.” Sui Zhenkai said with a smile and playful eyes.
“My ears are all open.”
“How could there be no prize if there’s a competition? I won’t kill you if you lose, but she will become my woman instead. If you win, whether I die or become a cripple, it’ll be decided by you.”
“This is what you meant by the prize? Hehe. Truly disappointing. You’re not fit to be called a man, an expert, or a hero. Pity, you’re just trash.” Jiang Chen scolded loudly.
“You dare scold me?” Sui Zhenkai’s expression became cold and dark, Jiang Chen had thoroughly angered him.
“So what if I scold you? I’ll just kill you later. Women are not merchandise. What is the difference between me and an animal if I use my own woman as wager? But it looks like you’re much more of an animal than me.”
Jiang Chen’s words affected quite a number of people. The one that was moved the most was Ling Yun. Even though she was not Jiang Chen’s woman, his words definitely moved her heart. She now saw Jiang Chen in a different light. Such a man could definitely take responsibility.
She’s not easily moved by others. But Jiang Chen’s words had really moved a part of her heart.
“Big Brother is truly a good person.” Yue Er murmured.
Even though she’s only about 13 years old, how could she not know? At this moment, tears could be seen in her eyes as she was proud of Jiang Chen and Ling Yun. They knew Jiang Chen was not a selfish man. Even though he may not be extremely strong, he gave off the warmth and steadiness like that of a giant mountain.
Yue Er knew it better than anyone. Jiang Chen was definitely a man of affection and faith. Even if Big Sister Ling does not like him, countless others will certainly like him.
Men are born to fight. Unwilling to use a woman as a wager was a form of respect, and women should be protected. Whereas, Sui Zhenkai did not have such awareness.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2228 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2229


Your Sword is my Sword
“Sui Zhenkai plunged into his own shit, he’s really dirty. Hahaha.”
“This is what he deserved. But the outcome will still be the same, only the powerful shall laugh in the end.
“I’m quite intrigued at the outcome of this battle. Because, only by killing Jiang Chen could Sui Zhenkai clear his name.”
Sui Zhenkai’s expression was becoming colder by the second. Jiang Chen’s words had made countless people start to gossip. Now, the only thing he could do was to eliminate Jiang Chen.
“You refused to take the road to the heavens, and chose to take the path towards hell. I’ll let you know that there’s no weaklings within the Hundred Battle Ranking.” Sui Zhenkai unsheathed his long sword and closed in on Jiang Chen with swift attacks, sweeping across the hundred zhang stage.
Jiang Chen sneered and his gaze turned colder and became much more serious. To use a woman as the prize was only something a fool could think off.
Jiang Chen and Sui Zhenkai’s blade clashed with sparks flying everywhere. Terrifying blade marks appeared on the stage. However, the audience were not affected, since the stage had its own barrier.
To start the battle, the “Star Breaking Sword!” was casted by Sui Zhenkai.
The shadows of the sword created by Sui Zhenkai rushed towards the sky, and his figure became fuzzy. His sword technique was superb, the strength of the Late Void God has truly been unleashed. The terrifying strength of his sword had pushed Jiang Chen to a corner. But, it’s only because Jiang Chen had only exhibited the strength of a Mid Void God.
“Trying to overpower me? You’ve chosen the wrong opponent.”
Jiang Chen was unfazed and prepared his sword. Facing such terrifying sword shadows, he was calm as water. Even if the attacks of Sui Zhenkai were already upon him, Jiang Chen was still unfazed.
The single stroke of the blade was shocking. Who can contest against a Heavenly Dragon?
The terrifying Heavenly Dragon Sword easily pushed Sui Zhenkai away with just the sword form alone. Sui Zhenkai’s expression drastically changed. The wrath of the Heavenly Dragon Sword was unstoppable. For now, Jiang Chen could only unleash 12-13% of the Heavenly Dragon Sword’s full potential. After being reforged by the Craftsman God, the current Heavenly Dragon Sword was truly unparalleled.
But since Jiang Chen’s abilities were limited, he could not unleash the true ‘cutting through the void’ with the sword.
The wrath of the Heavenly Dragon Sword was extremely terrifying. Sui Zhenkai’s expression changed drastically after being easily pushed back by a simple strike of Jiang Chen. Is he really a Mid Void God?
Everyone gasped! None of them had expected Jiang Chen to be this powerful. Sui Zhenkai was ranked 69th on the Hundred Battle Ranking, an expert amongst the hundred thousands disciples. However, he was forced back by Jiang Chen with just a single strike. He’s probably looking down on Jiang Chen, but, still… it was truly a terrifying sight to behold.
“What the f*ck, isn’t Jiang Chen too strong?! This fellow looks like he could really go head to head against Sui Zhenkai.”
“Let’s not be hasty. We won’t know the result till the end. Hehe.”
“This fellow really shocked me. That sword is truly one of a kind. Sui Zhenkai could only go into a passive and defend against it.”
Jiang Chen’s blade had shocked many people. Now, Sui Zhenkai dared not to look down on his opponent anymore. Because he knew that this fellow was strong enough to be treated seriously. He must not let his guard down. This battle could be the toughest battle he had faced in the last five years.
Sui Zhenkai was no pushover, too. To be a ranker within the Hundred Battle Ranking, none of them were cowards. There are others who were Late Void Gods too, but how come those people could not reach the Hundred Battle Ranking? Meanwhile, Sui Zhenkai managed to do so? This only meant that only the powerful could attain such a result!
“Meteor Sword Art! Outer Meteor Sword!”
Sui Zhenkai’s sword technique was superb. Jiang Chen had to admit this fact. But Jiang Chen’s sword techniques were much stronger than Sui Zhenkai. The current him has already combined with the Heavenly Dragon Sword, a single strike from his sword could force Sui Zhenkai back.
“No matter what technique you use, I am unfazed by it.” Jiang Chen sneered.
Only when the cold hard steel of the blade was inches towards his body did Jiang Chen react, and it was without any form, only a single stroke, but ten thousand sword slash emerged! Sui Zhenkai’s False Divine Tool broke into pieces the moment Jiang Chen moved, forcing him to retreat.
Sui Zhenkai’s expression dramatically changed. Jiang Chen cut through the stage and leapt up towards the sky, wanting to fight Sui Zhenkai to the death.
“Such a terrifying blade.”
Sui Zhenkai swiftly retreated but Jiang Chen had already attacked twice, completely shattering Sui Zhenkai’s blade qi and False Divine Tool. It was an unprecedented shame.
The audience was extremely shocked. Jiang Chen’s sword gave off an immensely powerful aura, one that could move mountains and sea. No matter what Sui Zhenkai did, it could not do anything against it.
Jiang Chen’s sword technique was without form nor extravagant movement. Even though he may not be able to connect his heart with the sword, reaching the realm of the heart and sword as one, the realm of ‘man and sword merged into one’ was already strong enough. ‘My heart is with the sword, the sword is my heart.’ ‘Where my finger points, is where the sword heart points!”
Jiang Chen didn’t dare to think of the realm of the heart and sword as one. He needed to at least wait until he could use 50% of the Heavenly Dragon Sword’s full power to reach that realm.
However, Sui Zhenkai hasn’t even reached the realm of Man and Sword merging into one. Moreover, his sword does not have a sword-soul like the Heavenly Dragon Sword. Hence, it could not aid him in reaching the realm of Man and Sword merging into one .
“Taste my blade! Galaxy Spread!”
Sui Zhenkai did not retreat but moved forward instead. Even though his sword was destroyed, his sword qi was still intact. Terrifying sword shadows were created once again, striking towards its target!
“Your sword is my sword, Man and Sword merging into one !”
Jiang Chen’s gaze became cold. He did not want to waste any more time with Sui Zhenkai. Sui Zhenkai’s attack was getting fiercer by the second. Jiang Chen unleashed the realm of Man and Sword merging into one, he then changed into a sword with the form of the dragon, dragon and sword merging into one! Unparalleled under the heavens!
Sui Zhenkai’s pupils constricted when Jiang Chen disappeared and was replaced with an immensely sharp Dragon Sword. The sword cruised through the air, as if it could cut through the galaxy itself, piercing through Sui Zhenkai’s body.
“Pu……”
Jiang Chen changed into a sword and merged with the Heavenly Dragon Sword. It has totally surpassed Sui Zhenkai. The latter’s expression was constantly changing. Jiang Chen’s sword intent was far superior compared to his, Sui Zhenkai finally understood this fact.
However, it was all too late. Jiang Chen did not give him any chance to fight back.
“No… don’t kill me, no…!”
Sui Zhenkai’s heart raised an inexplicable fear as if his body and soul would be vanquished by Jiang Chen’s blade. Jiang Chen’s ten thousand blades pierced through Sui Zhenkai’s body, filling Sui Zhenkai’s with holes.
“Stop!”
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2229 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2230


Li Huo Demon, Yan Cheng
A loud roar was heard yet it did not stop Jiang Chen from killing his opponent.
Sui Zhenkai’s eyes were filled with disbelief. Until death, he still couldn’t believe that he would die here. To think he would lose against a Mid Void God lad, truly out of expectation, truly frightening.
Silence, dead silence!
Even at the moment Sui Zhenkai’s body fell to the ground, nobody believed that he had lost. A total and miserable loss. Ten thousand blades pierced through his heart. A miserable death indeed.
Jiang Chen held his long sword behind his back and looked at the sky, his overbearing pressure was unstoppable!
The death of Sui Zhenkai made the distinction between the two of them clear. Every one of them was still in a daze from the result of this battle, because the battle ended way too quick. They all originally wanted to see Sui Zhenkai’s valour. But in the end, he was the one who got mercilessly killed by his opponent.
The thousands of onlookers were all silent and their view towards Jiang Chen was utterly changed. Now, it was filled with respect. Jiang Chen’s methods and techniques were far too terrifying, shocking the whole outer sect.
The people present at the scene sighed. Jiang Chen’s blade was far too powerful. A Mid Void God just eliminated a Late Void God who was on the Hundred Battle Ranking. Many people will surely not believe this news. Especially since Jiang Chen had just recently entered the sect. Everyone could only sigh and look up to this result.
A man who has two horns on his head and was covered with fire suddenly appeared. He has a giant ruler on his back and had a cold expression, his eyes were staring straight at Jiang Chen.
“I told you to stop, did you not hear me?!” The man, named Yan Cheng, roared furiously.
His fiery temper was just the same as his facial expression, filled with overbearing qi, violent as a tiger. His gaze as sharp as a knife, his fist clasped tightly. The stage trembled as he landed on it, causing even the air to burn in the process.
“The life-and-death stage, where the victor decides who lives and dies. Who are you to interfere? He could kill me but I cannot kill him?” Jiang Chen sneered.
“You ought to know who you’re talking to.” Yan Cheng smiled lightly and the violent demeanour he had earlier was gone.
This fellow was definitely strong but he was not strong enough to make Jiang Chen bow.
“Not even the Sect Master has the qualification to blame me. Are you the Sect Master?” Jiang Chen sneered.
“Smart mouth. But these kinds of people do not live long.” Yan Cheng looked at Jiang Chen with an angry gaze, his fiery temper was famous amongst the members of the sect.
“Damn, even that devil’s incarnate came. Looks like Jiang Chen killing Sui Zhenkai today is not something that will be easily settled.”
“Who is he? So overbearing, he doesn’t look like he’s your average guy.”
“Yan Cheng. The outer sect’s number two, meaning… he’s the strongest one after the Big Brother of the Outer Sect!”
“Could it be?! It’s really him! The Number Two in the Hundred Battle Ranking Li Huo Demon, Yan Cheng?!”
Everyone turned silent for Jiang Chen, feeling worried for him. Li Huo Demon, Yan Cheng, was famous for his hot temper and for killing others without batting an eye. In the past, someone had angered Yan Cheng who had just entered the sect, he then fought against 23 people simultaneously, shocking the whole outer sect in the process. Now, his ability was enough to let him enter the inner sect. Such a person is definitely not your average joe.
Li Huo Demon, Yan Cheng signifies slaughter, nobody would dare act cocky while facing him. If you do so, then there’s only one end—death. This fellow normally does not respect Big Brother Yang Jian of the outer sect too. Lest this new disciple.
“Looks like you’re courting death.” Yan Cheng did not waste his breath and struck Jiang Chen fiercely. The pressure of the fist shocked the people on site. Jiang Chen wasn’t feeling courteous either. I’ll give you a battle if you want it!
Both of their fist clashed together. At this moment, Jiang Chen and Yan Cheng both took three steps back from the force. Yan Cheng’s expression became serious, including the onlookers. Jiang Chen shocked them once again! To think Yan Cheng could not do anything against him. Even though it was just a probe, that ‘probing’ punch could easily kill off a Mid Void God expert. Meaning, Yan Cheng’s punch was dead set on killing Jiang Chen but Jiang Chen was unfazed by it who was now looking at Yan Cheng coldly.
“To think you managed to take one of my punches. Interesting, truly interesting.” Yan Cheng’s eyes slightly squinted.
He finally found an opponent where he could go all out. Moreover, Jiang Chen was the one that killed one of his friends, hence he has all the reasons to fight Jiang Chen.
“This, this, this… Could Jiang Chen actually take the fist of the devil’s incarnate? Oh my god, what did I just see?!”
“This is truly incredible. A new disciple managed to fight toe-to-toe with Yan Cheng. That fellow must not be feeling good at this moment. Hahaha.”
“This newly recruited disciple is monstrously strong.” Some sighed, some were filled with worry seeing a great battle was on the verge of erupting. Yan Cheng did not care much about the rules. In his eyes, he is the rule.
“Don’t force me. Otherwise, I’ll even put you into the ground!” Jiang Chen raised his head with a cold gaze, gazing towards Yan Cheng.
At this moment, Yan Cheng could feel Jiang Chen’s determination. This fellow is the same as him, a devil’s incarnate. This battle was on the verge of erupting. The urge to fight Jiang Chen was getting stronger. This fellow could definitely enter the top 10 of the Hundred Battle Ranking. Otherwise, he cannot take one of my fists.
“Truly wild. But today I am dead set in forcing you.” Yan Cheng sneered.
“You. This fella, do you know shame? Hahaha, Yan Cheng, to think you would put your hands on a newly recruited disciple. Your life has been wasted on dogs!”
A white-robbed figure appeared in front of Jiang Chen with a feather fan in his hand and lightly smiled.
“This is not your problem, Bai Yunfei, don’t ask for contempt.” Yan Cheng said.
“This is the outer sect and I am in charge of the outer sect, of course this is something I will butt into. ” Bai Yunfei said.
“Do you think I’m afraid of you? Come and fight!” Yan Cheng said angrily.
“The Hidden Secret Realm is about to be opened soon. I advise that you don’t act recklessly if you do not wish to be locked up. Otherwise, your name will not be on the trip to the Hidden Secret Realm.” Bai Yunfei said with a smile.
“Are you threatening me?” Yan Cheng’s angry eyes opened wide.
“You should know which to prioritise. I’ve said what was needed. If you truly wish to fight, you can try and see whether I have the ability to do so or not. Even if I cannot, Big Brother surely can.”
Bai Yunfei looked calm, but it forced Yan Cheng to give up. Because the Hidden Secret Realm will only open once every hundred years. If he was to be locked up, then he’ll lose the chance to enter the Hidden Secret Realm.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2230 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2231


Hopefully, the Day Will Come
At that time, he had killed twenty three people continuously, however he was not put to death penalty by the sect. Instead, he was confined for three years. That was why he could not ignore the law of sect as this mattered to him.
“You are lucky, kid. I will take my vengeance on you next time.’”
As soon as he finished his words, Yan Cheng turned away and left. This scene had made many of the external disciples’ eyes fill with admiration. Although it was under Bai Yun Fei’s assistance, Jiang Chen still managed to escape from Yan Cheng after having a neck and neck battle with him. They knew that the rise of
Jiang Chen would be irresistible, provided that he would not be killed by Yan Cheng.
“Thank you so much, Bai Yun Fei senior,” Jiang Chen said with a smile.
“ A piece of cake. If he wanted to take action against you, he would actually break the law of the sect. After today’s battle, I guess you would be well-known amongst the external disciples. Haha.”
Bai Yun Fei laughed light-heartedly, then gave Ling Yun a profound glance.
“She’s indeed a beauty but she has attracted too much attention and definitely would be the spotlight wherever she goes. Hehe, you know what I mean. Take care of yourself.”
When Bai Yun Fei was about to leave, he was called by Jiang Chen.
“Senior Bai, I would like to ask you something. What kind of place is the Hidden Secret Realm?
Jiang Chen’s eyes carried some kind of eagerness. He believed that the Hidden Secret Realm must be an interesting place as Yan Cheng valued it so much.
“You would like to know about it as well? Hehe, it’s okay to let you know. Every hundred years, there is a Secret Realm trial at Linhe Boundary. The Hidden Secret Realm would be the gathering place for all of the young men of Linhe boundary. Monsters, beasts and relics could be found everywhere inside the secret realm. Cultivators with great luck might even be able to experience a transformation and become peerless experts. That’s a place to nurture great experts. There are eight cultivators from the Profound Feng Sect that are allowed to enter the Hidden Secret Realm. Five for the internal disciples and three for the external disciples. In the coming days, I am going to challenge the third ranker on the Hundred Battle Ranking in order to enter the Hidden Secret Realm. It’s worthy to have a life-and-death battle to get that chance,” Bai Yun Fei said and smiled.
“Three spots for the external disciples?” Jiang Chen asked.
“Our eldest senior’s strength is really terrifying, and even the internal disciples wouldn’t challenge him. Yan Cheng is the king of demons whom no one is willing to bother. You better go far away from him.”
Bai Yun Fei had already left, but Jiang Chen’s eyes shone at this moment. Hidden Secret Realm and there were three spots for external disciples. He was thinking about fighting for that chance and his target would be Yan Cheng!
Everyone there was really impressed by Jiang Chen and admired him. Jiang Chen had first killed Sui Zhenjiang then battled with the Li Huo Demon Yan Cheng. After today’s incident, his name would surely spread amongst the external disciples. At this moment, Jiang Chen could be considered as being the focus of public attention. A battle like this had attracted both men and women to watch, and they were all excited when watching the battle.
One should know that Sui Zhenkai was an expert in the Hundred Battle Ranking while Jiang Chen was only a new disciple. The most dreadful thing that Jiang Chen did was ignoring others to kill Sui Zhenkai ruthlessly. After killing Sui Zhenkai, he challenged and suppressed Yan Cheng. This was the dreadful part about Jiang Chen. Yan Cheng was one of the most outstanding experts amongst the external disciples. Except the eldest senior, Yang Jian, no one could be compared to him.
However, Jiang Chen had made it. The mightiness of his palm had made him stand neck and neck with Yan Cheng. Although he was just showing a part of his true strength, he had already startled everyone. Undeniably, this act of his left a huge blow in everyone’s heart. Astonishment already bloomed in everyone’s heart. Many of the new and weaker disciples all showed great admiration to Jiang Chen because he brought them a different kind of hope. Who said there were no outstanding experts among the disciples with lower realms? Jiang Chen was obviously an exception.
“When will we be able to reach Jiang Chen’s level?”
“In your dream. Jiang Chen had killed a Late Void God while just being a Middle Void God. It’s not something an ordinary genius could achieve.”
“That’s right. Seems like there will be a new expert on our Hundred Battle Ranking soon.”
“Yea. I am really looking forward to the battle between Jiang Chen and Yan Cheng. Who will have the upper hand?”
“Although Jiang Chen is strong, Yang Chen has been a powerful expert for many years. He has been ranked above hundreds and thousands of people among the external disciples. In terms of glory, reputation and strength, Jiang Chen might not be a match for him.”
Those people watching outside the arena were envious of those who fought inside the arena. However, who knew how much challenges and obstacles Jiang Chen had gone through all this time. How he took step by step to enter Nine Region Immortal World from the human world and how he stepped into Divine World from Nine Region Immortal World. No one would understand the hardships he went through.
Jiang Chen stood with pride then walked towards Ling Yun and Yue Er slowly. He did not disappoint the two girls. At this moment, he had become their hero.
“Luckily, you are still here.”
“Brother, you’re really awesome. Although there are still some gaps between Sister Ling and you, you already did a good job.”
As soon as Yue Er finished her words, she looked at Ling Yun and smiled. Ling Yun looked calm and did not bother what she just said.
“My strength might not be as strong as you at the moment, but I will catch up to you one day.” Jiang Chen said confidently.
“Chase Sister Ling? Are you really confident, brother?”
“Of course.” Jiang Chen said proudly.
Suddenly, he saw Yue Er laughing cunningly, only then did he know that this little girl was playing with her words. Luckily, Ling Yun did not show any facial expression at this moment.
Ling Yun touched Yue Er’s head softly and grabbed her to leave the place.
“Hopefully, that day will come.”
What Ling Yun said stunned Jiang Chen for a while. Do you really want me to catch up to you in terms of strength or chase you? But, if his strength could not catch up to Ling Yun’s, most probably he would not have any right to chase her.
Jiang Chen touched his nose and ridiculed himself. Unexpectedly, he was somehow hopeful. Ever since he had entered the Divine World, he had been seeing many beauties. Jiang Xin Xin and Goddess Luo were both outstanding beauty. But, only Ling Yun somehow touched his heart. Although he worried that he would disappoint Yan Chenyu and the others, he knew that he could not control his feelings.
In the bottom of his heart, Jiang Chen started feeling something towards her. Although it was not very strong, Jiang Chen knew that this lady had walked into his heart silently.
“Cheer up! Brother.”
Under everyone’s admiration, Jiang Chen left the arena with Ling Yun and Yue Er. The events of today started spreading amongst the external disciples: Jiang Chen killed Sui Zhenkai and fought Yan Cheng afterwards. Topics like this had naturally become everyone’s conversation.
Jiang Chen’s image also became more and more impressive in Profound Feng Sect. It was rare that such a formidable disciple had suddenly appeared amongst the external disciples. Moreover, this disciple was accompanied by such an unparalleled beauty with him. This had really made most people feel curious about him.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2231 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2232


The Weight of Trust and Respect
Sui Zhenkai deserved death because he was a despicable man in many disciples’ eyes. There’s nothing wrong with Jiang Chen for killing him. Moreover, Jiang Chen killed him in the arena, a place where one could kill the opponent. If one was capable enough, what’s wrong with killing others?
In this world where life was fragile, Profound Feng Sect could be considered as a relatively peaceful place. The world outside would be much crueler and more miserable. Killing someone would be just a normal thing and it was the easiest trick to survive. If one does not kill someone, then one would only die in someone else’s hands.
No one could change the principle that the powerful are the winner while the weak are losers. If you lived under someone else’s hands, then you were doomed to be a loser.
After going back to his mansion, Jiang Chen decided to focus fully on cultivation. However, the Divine Origin Stones he had right now was not enough. The Divine Qi he absorbed daily could also not bring much effect to him. Jiang Chen was confused. According to Ling Yun, an average cultivator only needed ten thousand Low-grade Divine Origin Stones to break through to the Middle Void God Realm. However, he had consumed five hundred thousand Low-grade Divine Origin Stones to break through. It was a very huge consumption and even shocking to others.
Jiang Chen was well-aware that 1 million Low-grad Divine Origin Stones might not even be enough for him to break through to the Late Void God Realm in the coming days.
Therefore, he thought of a way to earn money, which was to refine medicinal pills! Refining weapons could also be a way of earning, but it would attract many people’s attention. If he wanted to refine weapons and sell them in bulk, it would not work because only wealthy people would be capable enough of buying Divine Tools. Right now, if he took out a piece of Divine Tool, he might alarm the sect master immediately. All the people in the sect might fight for the Divine Tool fiercely. That was why Jiang Chen decided to refine medicinal pills.
In terms of skill, Jiang Chen’s refining skill was definitely higher than Old Gang Tou. More importantly, he could control the realm of the medicinal pills better than the old man. Refining medicinal pills in Divine World was completely another level from refining medicinal pills in Nine Region Immortal World. Old Gang Tou’s words had brought wisdom to Jiang Chen and helped him to advance his skill in refining medicinal pills.
This time, he was going to see how much advancement his skills in refining elixirs had achieved.
Jiang Chen thought of meeting Zhou Yunpeng as he had been an external disciple for more than twenty years. Zhou Yunpeng would definitely have some way to help him sell medicinal pills.
When Jiang Chen summoned Zhou Yunpeng with the talisman, Zhou Yunpeng rushed to Jiang Chen immediately without hesitation. Jiang Chen never expected that he would act so quickly.
“Haha, brother Zhou. I never thought that you would come so quickly,” Jiang Chen said with laughter.
“I should do this. Brother Jiang, you are a well-known figure amongst the external disciples right now. You don’t know there are so many people who would like to see you right now. I didn’t know that you’re such a formidable figure last time. Hope you don’t mind about that.”
Zhou Yunpeng smiled bitterly and said. Jiang Chen was really popular right now. Hundreds and thousands of external disciples were crazy about Jiang Chen after what he did to the Li Huo Demon Yan Cheng. Those who wanted to challenge Jiang Chen before had given up such thought. An expert like Jiang Chen would at least be ranked on the twentieth position in the Hundred Battle Ranking. Who would find such trouble for themselves?
When Zhou Yunpeng saw Jiang Chen again, he could not help feeling a bit regretful in his heart. When you are a strong expert, no one would dare to bully you. Jiang Chen had already killed a few people here, his imposing presence was irresistible.
“Nothing much. Hehe, brother Zhou. This time, I need your help for something.” Jiang Chen said seriously.
Zhou Yunpeng became serious as well. He would definitely help Jiang Chen and he would use his utmost effort in doing so. Knowing an expert like Jiang Chen would help him gain respect and power. Zhou Yunpeng was not a person who bullied others through any powerful connection, but there was no harm for him to befriend an expert like Jiang Chen.
“Tell me and if I can make it, I will do it with my utmost effort,” Zhou Yunpeng said.
“I want to sell some medicinal pills to earn Divine Origin Stones for cultivation.”
Zhou Yunpeng looked at Jiang Chen with shock.
“Do you have medicinal pills? Normally, no one is willing to sell good quality medicinal pills. Do you have a lot of them?”
“I have a lot of them,” Jiang Chen replied clamly.
“Between the internal and external disciples, we have an underground place for transactions every month. The Dong Hua Cave of Feng You Mountain is the place we do our transaction. However, some internal disciples normally don’t want to reveal their strength and face, so they wear masks to enter the place. As time passed, the external disciples also copied that as well. There are people selling everything, including monster crystals, medicinal pills or even False Divine Tools. As long as you have enough Divine Origin Stones, you can buy anything,” Zhou Yun Peng said.
“What kind of medicinal pills do you have? Can I have the advantage to have them first as I am connected to you. Haha.”
“Of course. But I haven’t refined them yet.”
Jiang Chen’s words had really stunned Zhou YunPeng. Are you kidding me, brother?
“Are you an Alchemist?”
Zhou Yunpeng’s disbelief showed in his eyes. Isn’t this man too terrifying?
“You can say so. I can refine some simple medicinal pills but I am not sure if they can be sold with a good price,” Jiang Chen said.
“Incredible. You are really a genius who can’t be compared to the ordinary people like us. You can even make medicinal pills and sell it. If you have any great medicinal pills, don’t forget about me, brother Jiang.”
Zhou Yunpeng looked at Jiang Chen with great admiration.
“Are you willing to help me collect some herbs? You are the only one I can trust in Profound Feng Sect.”
What Jiang Chen said really made Zhou Yunpeng tremble for a moment. His face had also become serious as he felt that it was his honour to be trusted.
“Are you serious?”
Jiang Chen’s trust and respect made Zhou Yunpeng feel really excited in his heart. Jiang Chen was not an arrogant man and he did not put himself higher than Zhou Yunpeng. If it was someone from the Hundred Battle Ranking, that person would definitely look down upon Zhou Yunpeng and order him to do something for them. To be honest, people from the Hundred Battle Ranking actually had the right to be arrogant.
“Of course. Here is one hundred Mid-grade Divine Origin Stones. I need you to help me collect some herbs. Fu bone soul grass, three gingkos, edaphosaurus root, heaven fragrant hashish, as well as nourishing grass,” Jiang Chen said.
One hundred Mid-grade Divine Origin Stones. Jiang Chen gave him one hundred Mid-grade Divine Origin Stones. Zhou Yunpeng felt the weight on his hand, but it was not only the weight of the Divine Origin Stones. It was the weight of Jiang Chen’s trust and respect.
“I have three hundred Low-grade Divine Origin Stones for you. Please take it.”
“I can’t take these, brother Jiang!”
But Jiang Chen insited, saying, “Take it as this is what you should get. Three hundred Low-grade Divine Origin Stones are not much for me. Help me collect the herbs and ingredients. Maybe you can help me sell some of the medicinal pills after I refine them.
Under Jiang Chen’s advice and persistence, Zhou Yunpeng had no choice but to keep the Divine Origin Stones. Holding the one hundred Mid-grade Divine Origin Stones, he felt that his mission was actually quite heavy.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2232 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2233


Chapter 2233
Soul Stabilising Pill and Daybreak Pill
“Alright. I’ll ask my friends whether they have all those ingredients. If they don’t, we’ll have to get it at the Donghua cave trading market 7 days later.”
“Thank you, Brother Zhou.”
“Rest assured, Brother Jiang. I will do my best.”
After bidding farewell to Jiang Chen, Zhou Yunpeng did his best to search for those medicinal ingredients. Jiang Chen did not wait for too long, as Zhou Yunpeng delivered all the ingredients in less than three days.
“Hahaha, I give my extreme thanks. Brother Zhou.”
“No worries. Even though my cultivation is just average, I am still knowledgeable with regards to the outer sect. If you need any help in the future, just say the word and I’ll do my best,” Zhou Yunpeng said with confidence.
Zhou Yunpeng was just an average guy with an average talent, and he could not go past the Peak Early Void God Realm. For him, it’s not easy to collect 10,000 Low Grade Divine Origin Stones. After all, they only get 30 Low-Grade Divine Origin Stone per year, and it’s never enough.
“When I’m done with these pills, let’s go to the trading market. After that, I will help you break through your cultivation realm.”
Zhou Yunpeng shuddered from Jiang Chen’s words. At this moment, one could almost see tears in his eyes. He was stuck in the Peak Early Void God for many years. Without Divine Origin Stones, without a perfect coincidence, advancing to the Mid Void God Realm was as hard as reaching the heavens for those with limited talent.
But now, Jiang Chen wanted to help him reach the Mid Void God Realm. How could Zhou Yunpeng not be excited?
“Brother Jiang, how could I ever repay such gratitude? ”
Zhou Yunpeng felt like crying out his heart. He was an emotional man.
“Say no more. I treat you like my friend.”
Jiang Chen’s trust and help made Zhou Yunpeng think of one sentence—there’s warmth in humanity. He admired Jiang Chen’s magnanimity and chivalry extremely.
Jiang Chen took out all the ingredients after Zhou Yunpeng left. Volt Bone Dementor Grass, three Ginkgos, edaphosaurus root, heavenly fragrant hemp leaf, and repose grass. He wanted to concoct two pills, one that nourishes the soul—Soul Stabilizing Pill. The other one would be a pill that could help increase one’s realm by a level—Daybreak Pill!
Daybreak Pill could help those Peak Early and Mid Void Gods to breakthrough with 80% chance. But this effect only applies to Void Gods, those who have reached the True God Realm will find this pill useless.
But, even so, any one of these pills will surely stir the whole outer sect.
“To think… you’re an alchemist.” Ling Yun looked at Jiang Chen.
“There are still many things you have not thought of. Haha.”
“Big Brother, Grandpa said your techniques are better than him, is that true?” Yue Er asked.
“Your grandpa’s cultivation realm is higher than me. But when it comes to the art of alchemy, I am better than him. ”
“Aren’t you confident.” Ling Yun said.
“Since the two beautiful ladies are doubting me, I’ll finish concocting and boast afterwards.” Jiang Chen said with a smile.
He summoned the True Dragon Fire as the flame had the best effect in refining pills. Moreover, the intent of the true dragon will seep into it, making the grade of the pills higher.
“The grades of medicinal pills are separated into five grades, High Grade is quite okay. Supreme Grade is rare, Immortal Grade is extremely treasured. Divine Grade will be one of a kind. As for Saint Grade Pills, rumours are that it had never appeared in the Divine World before, it’s just what an alchemist crave. I wonder what grade you can achieve?” Ling Yun looked at Jiang Chen with eyes exhibiting a rare curiosity.
“I hope I won’t disappoint the two beautiful ladies!”
Jiang Chen concocted pills for two hours and the result was 200 Soul Stabilizing Pills and 200 Daybreak Pills.
“The pill fragrance is thick, Supreme Grade. Not Bad.” Ling Yun looked at Jiang Chen’s finished products and evaluated.
She was quite mentally shocked because she had never seen these two pills before. Moreover, by looking at the process, these pills are definitely exceptional. Even though it may not be of any use to her, those below True God Realm would probably think of it as a saintly item.
“Pretty good. It looks like it’s even greater than grandpa’s product.”
Yue Er played around with one of the pills. Even though she was young, she was quite knowledgeable in regards to the arts of alchemy. After all, her grandfather was an alchemist. Unfortunately, she did not have much experience because of her young age, plus she didn’t show any exceptional talent in regards to this field.
“I plan to sell these two pills in exchange for Divine Origin Stones. I’ll be able to fully concentrate in my cultivation after that. Haha, it excites me just by thinking about it. These two pills will certainly be able to sell for a good price. Swimming in a sea of Divine Origin Stones. Hehehe.” Jiang Chen laughed.
“Vulgar.” Ling Yun said and turned towards the cave and continued her cultivation.
“Low.” Yue Er too followed behind.
Jiang Chen was at loss and gave a wry smile. These two pills could stir the whole Profound Feng Sect, but to think the two ladies were uninterested in them.
The following day, with the two ladies in tow and with Zhou Yunpeng leading the way, Jiang Chen headed to the trading market.
The trading market of Donghua Cave, which only opens once a month, was big. There are thousand stalls in the market, causing Jiang Chen to be dazzled. There were all kinds of things being sold, from demon crystals, medicinal ingredients, medicinal pills, weapons, animal hides, pets to demonic beasts, and many more.
“Let’s set up here. The medicinal pill section has a higher fee, it’s probably around a few hundred Low Grade Divine Origin Stones.” Zhou Yunpeng said quietly.
Looking at the others, they were all wearing masks. Jiang Chen and the others too were wearing a mask. Hence, he was not worried that Ling Yun would cause unnecessary ruckus.
“We need to go to a place where people are gathered to buy pills. There’ll be more buyers there.” Jiang Chen said.
He did not care about those few hundred Low Grade Divine Origin Stones. Only Zhou Yunpeng was feeling the pain.
“At what price are you going to put?” Zhou Yunpeng asked.
“Thirty. It’ll be bad if it’s too expensive. No one will be able to afford it.”
“Thirty is expensive? An average pill range between 30-50 Low Grade Divine Origin Stone. If your pills are of good qualities… it won’t be a problem to even sell it at 100 per pill. Don’t look down on those people that came to buy pills. Each and every one of them are wealthy.” Zhou Yunpeng said.
“It’s thirty Mid Grade Divine Origin Stones.” Jiang Chen corrected.
“How much? Thirty Mid Grade Divine Origin Stone? This…. is a bit too much.” Zhou Yunpeng was instantly dumbfounded.
“It should be 30 Mid Grade Divine Origin Stones. If it became any cheaper, wouldn’t people just come and buy it all? Do you know what pills these are?” Jiang Chen asked.
“No idea.” Zhou Yunpeng shook his head.
“A pill that can help you break through. Do you think it’s worth the money?”
Zhou Yunpeng gasped. He had never heard of a pill that could help a person breakthrough. His expression became extremely solemn.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2233 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2234


Pill Testing
Zhou Yunpeng had never heard of a medicinal pill like this, how could he not be shocked?
Medicinal pills that could help cultivators enhance their strength was considered priceless in the world. If someone had this kind of medicinal pill with them, they must treasure them very much instead of taking it out for others. Such a thing did not follow the general principles, so he did not really believe it.
One should know that refining medicinal pills was something irrelevant with the strength of the alchemist. Hence, Zhou Yunpeng was very shocked at Jiang Chen. Moreover, how could Jiang Chen possibly create so many dreadful medicinal pills within such a short period of time. This kind of medicinal pills were even more mystical than the medicinal pills created by the sect alchemist. If the medicinal pills were really mystical, who would not be moved?
However, Zhou Yunpeng was still holding a skeptical attitude towards what Jiang Chen said.
“I am still a bit skeptical.”
It was under Jiang Chen’s expectation that Zhou Yunpeng would have such doubt. Since he was only a Mid Void God, why didn’t he use the medicinal pills for himself? Jiang Chen had thought of using the medicinal pills for his own benefit but he gave up the thought. He knew that he needed to achieve advancement without a shortcut. He needed to make progress gradually. He could not take a huge step one time because that would only bring himself trouble in the future.
“My brother’s medicinal pills will definitely bring out such effect.”
Yue Er was very confident in Jiang Chen but Ling Yun just remained silent while standing behind Jiang Chen.
“Test a pill later. I will find another two people to test it. The three of you will consume these pills together at the same time. If you can break through your cultivation realm here, then it would be the best proof.”
Jiang Chen looked at Zhou Yunpeng and said.
Zhou Yunpeng opened his eyes wide. What he heard was unbelievable.
“Are you really going to give out thirty Mid-grade Divine Origin Stones?”
“If it doesn’t have the desired effect, who is willing to pay for it?”
Jiang Chen asked back Zhou Yunpeng with a faint smile.
“You have a point. However, an ordinary person like me only has around one thousand Low-grade Divine Origin Stones as my whole life assets. Some people might even have lesser than me. Who is willing to spend so much money to buy it?”
Zhou Yunpeng was not worried about the curative effect anymore, but he was still very concerned about the price.
“Brother Zhou, you worry too much. Fear the wolf in front and the tiger behind.”
Yue Er curled her lips and said.
Zhou Yunpeng smiled embarrassingly. Among the external disciples of the entire Profound Feng Sect, he was a small potato but there were also many people who were not as talented as him. If they only relied on their annual wages, they would have six hundred Low-grade Divine Origin Stones. If they went out to Deer Mourn Mountain to hunt for some beasts, they might obtain some monster crystals under lucky circumstances. Then it might not be a problem for them to get thousands Divine Origin Stones. However, if they fail, they will lose their life.
“There’s no need to worry whether great things can be sold out or not. And you have said that there are both internal and external disciples here. If there are no external disciples interested in these pills, there are still many wealthy people amongst the internal disciples.” Jiang Chen said.
“A medicinal pill that could help one breakthrough to the Middle and Late Void God Realm. Becoming an internal disciple is not a dream anymore! If the pill doesn’t work, I’m gonna repay you twice the amount you’ve paid. Breakthrough is here. Daybreak Pill can solve all of your problems. If there’s a problem that it can’t solve, then you will only need two of the pills. Right now, I am looking for two people to try the pills without paying anything. There’s no pressure on you as you get to break through your cultivation realm here. There’s no bottleneck at all if you have the Daybreak Pill. Each person can only buy a pill. It costs thirty Mid-grade Divine Origin Stones. First come, first serve!”
Zhou Yunpeng followed Jiang Chen’s words and started to promote the pills. After a while, more than thirty people gathered around them.
“Is your medicinal pill really that mystical? Can it really help me to break through to Late Void God Realm?”
“How can I believe this? How would it be possible to have such a mystical medicinal pill?”
“Yea, I never heard of anyone who is able to refine such a medicinal pill. It’s unbelievable.”
Many people gathered around and started feeling skeptical about Jiang Chen’s Daybreak Pill.
“Are you willing to test the pill? We’re gonna know if it really helps to break through on the spot by experiment. If this is the case, there’s no way to cheat.”
Jiang Chen looked at the people around with a smile.
“Can we really test this pill?”
“Yea, it’s thirty Mid-grade Divine Origin Stones. Don’t you think it’s better to just go rob the stones?”
“Even if it can help with breakthrough, only the rich people are able to buy it. We can’t afford thirty Mid-grade Divine Origin Stones. I guess very few of the disciples of Outer Sect could afford this.”
“ A bunch of poor guys. Let me try first. If it works, I’m gonna buy one for my woman.”
Some people doubted if the price of the Daybreak pill was too high and some people doubted if the medicinal pill could really bring such effect. However, these were not Jiang Chen’s concerns at all. If they tried the Daybreak pill, they would experience a breakthrough and then there would not be anyone doubting him anymore.
“I am Man Shuai*, I would like to try the pill as well since it won’t kill me. I have remained at the peak of Mid Void God for a few years without any progress. This time, I’m gonna see how incredible this medicinal pill is to make me breakthrough. If it really could help me to breakthrough, I am going to pay you thirty Middle-grade Divine Origin Stones.”
A robust man walked to the crowd. He did not wear any mask and he looked simple and honest although his eyes were extraordinarily sharp.
“I know him. Isn’t he ranked seventy-seventh on the Hundred Battle Ranking?”
“His name matches quite well with his appearance. He’s indeed quite handsome.”
“Hahaha. Interesting. Man Shuai is actually quite powerful. Some experts of Late Void God could not match him.”
“We’re going to have a good show today. If there’s really such mystical medicinal pills, I guess the entire Outer Sect would get insane of the pill. It might even shock the entire sect.”
Following the public discussion, there were more and more people gathering around Jiang Chen and Zhou Yunpeng. People were always busybodies and they loved to watch shows.
“Alright. Man Shuai, Li Desheng and Zhou Yunpeng, the three of you can swallow the Daybreak pill now. Then, you sit down to refine the pill in your body. Within fifteen minutes, once the Daybreak pill works in your body, you will break through your current cultivation realm.”
Jiang Chen explained.
Everyone found it magical but still remained skeptical. No one believes the existence of such pills. If such pills really existed, it would definitely bring chaos to the world. If three of them managed to breakthrough, they would witness the moment when a miracle happened.
“Are you ready?”
Jiang Chen moved his finger and threw the medicinal pills to Zhou Yunpeng, Man Shuai and Li Desheng. Three of them gave Jiang Chen a glance. Zhou Yunpeng looked especially unbelievable but he hoped that the pill could bring him transformation.
Zhou Yunpeng held the Daybreak pill with an incomparably solemn face. There was nothing more exciting than the medicinal pill at this moment.
*Man Shuai: Man Shuai literally means quite handsome in Chinese pinyin.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2234 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2235


Chapter 2235 – If there is any request, one shall follow it through till the ends of the earth. 
Man Shuai was also feeling the same. Even though he was ranked 77th on the Hundred Battle Ranking, he couldn’t improve his strength and could not find out where his bottleneck was. If Jiang Chen’s Daybreak Pill could really give him a push, then he’ll be extremely excited.
“Could this fellow be selling fake medicine? I still think it’s unreal since it’s something that could increase one’s strength. But if it’s real, then one could easily breakthrough to the Late Void God Realm if one has some resources and without worry nonetheless. Isn’t that terrifying.”
“Yes, in the past there was no such thing, but it doesn’t mean now we don’t have it. Thirty Mid Grade Divine Origin Stones is not a small amount. Since he dares to put up such a price, then there might be a reason for it. If the pills proved to be useless, then there won’t be anyone buying them.”
“Yes. Let’s observe. I think most of the people here are waiting for him to become the joke of the day. Could the pill really raise a person’s realm? If so, isn’t that too heaven-defying?”
The audiences chattered unceasingly, discussing whether the pills could really help a person raise their realm.
Jiang Chen looked at Man Shuai and the others gulping down the pill and gave a confident smirk. The moment of excitement has come, this was the surprise he was planning to give to the whole Profound Feng Sect.
The trio took the Daybreak Pill and sat down to meditate and absorb the effect of the medicine. In less than an hour, the trio underwent a tremendous change. Their expression was solemn whilst three powerful auras were emitting from their bodies. Such terrifying medicinal effects had forcefully pushed them through their realms.
Zhou Yunpeng was the first to awaken because he was the weakest. At this moment, his eyes shot out a cold and sharp gaze. Yet, when his gaze fell upon Jiang Chen, it instantly changed into those of gratitude and excitement.
If it weren’t for Jiang Chen, he wouldn’t have such great fortune. If it weren’t for Jiang Chen, he could never break through the Early Void God Realm. The current him was a true, genuine Mid Void God expert.
Jiang Chen looked at Zhou Yunpeng, feeling satisfied. Zhou Yunpeng succeeded in breaking through and gave everyone a tremendous shock. Some were even jealous because the pill was free. The pill costs 3000 Low-Grade Divine Origin Stones, but he got it for free.
“Brother Jiang……”
At this moment, Zhou Yunpeng’s eyes were filled with gratitude. For so many years, he bore immense pressure, always on the bottom of the outer sect. Hence, not many people recognise him, after all half of the population of the outer sect were Early Void Gods, and Mid Void Gods amounted to thirty to forty thousand people. The rest were Late Void Gods, and some were stronger than the other. There were even some Mid Void Gods that were stronger than Late Void Gods.
“Speak no more. This is what you are due. Even without me, you’ll certainly succeed in the future.”
Jiang Chen’s words made Zhou Yunpeng nod. The latter had thoroughly admired Jiang Chen’s personality.
At this moment, everyone was in shock. Most of them were sceptical earlier. But now the second person, Li Desheng, has awakened. His strength has reached the Late Void God Realm. At this moment, Li Desheng looked at Jiang Chen with a shocked expression. The pill was terrifying. After being stuck in the bottleneck for a long time, and was said to be even weaker than Man Shuai, he finally reached the Late Void God Realm. He had become a true expert, how could he not be shocked?
Li Desheng and Zhou Yunpeng’s eyes were teary. ‘One wouldn’t cry easily if one hasn’t achieved what truly mattered.’. They had tried and struggled countless times, the feeling of breaking through the shackle that bound them was an exhilarating feeling. Moreover, that frustration that was suppressed within their hearts for almost 20 years had finally been quenched.
“Truly mysterious! This time, I really believe it. These two fellows definitely powered-up, and in such a short time nonetheless. Truly incredible!”
“Look, Man Shuai is waking up too.”
“This fellow has reached the Late Void God Realm too. Oh my God. This time, this Man Shuai will surely reach the top 30 of the Hundred Battle Ranking. I bet.”
“Hmmm it may not be. But the current Man Shuai will not be easily defeated. He ranked 77th in the past while was at the Peak Mid Void God.”
Man Shuai suddenly stood up and looked at Jiang Chen. He then gave a deep bow, causing everyone to be shocked.
The audience was shocked by his action. This arrogant and powerful fellow would do such an act?! It was truly out of their expectation!
“Brother Shuai, it is not necessary to be so courteous. I am selling these pills for my cultivation, for my strength only. You have the courage to try my pill, I am grateful for it. Haha.” Jiang Chen pulled Man Shuai up and said.
Man Shuai looked at Jiang Chen and said with a grateful tone:
“My cultivation is still wobbly, I need to quickly stabilize my cultivation realm. I shall take my leave now. This signalling spiritual talisman is my personal possession. If brother has any request or in need of help, just signal me through the talisman and I shall come.”
“Aren’t you worried that I am a despicable person? ” Jiang Chen asked back.
“A despicable person could never be a talented alchemist. At least, I do not believe it.”
“Since you’re willing to treat me wholeheartedly, how could I let you down?”
Jiang Chen slightly nodded. This Man Shuai was an honourable person. In this trading market, he did not use any mask to cheat others. Such vigour and confidence was truly praiseworthy.
“This tremendous gratitude shall never be forgotten. If there’s any request, I shall execute it with my very life.”
Jiang Chen and Man Shuai looked at each other. At this moment, a bond was created. Jiang Chen did not value Man Shuai’s strengths but his vigour. He’s a person with a great charisma.
Ling Yun too could feel Jiang Chen’s current true feelings. This Man Shuai was an honest person. But in her eyes, she still could not understand Jiang Chen, what kind of person he was. He was like a mist, unable to be caught, but his personality was real.
Man Shuai left the trading market, but the temperature of the place was still at its peak. The effect of Jiang Chen’s Daybreak Pill was witnessed by several thousand people. Each and every one of their eyes was filled with disbelief. At this moment, his pill was selling like hotcakes, it was something unimaginable previously.
Good things naturally do not lack customers and do not lack those that appreciate them. The initial worry Zhou Yunpeng had was now gone.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2235 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2236


Sad, oh so sad.
Jiang Chen’s daybreak pill was selling like hot cakes at the price of thirty Mid Grade Divine Origin Stones. The pills were completely sold out after just half an hour, making countless others sigh and angry that they couldn’t get their hands on the pills. Since the situation became apparent, the fact was that those who initially did not believe have already joined in and tried their hardest to get their hands on the pill.
Zhou Yunpeng too did not expect such a drastic change, he was in daze from the fact that Jiang Chen’s merchandise were all sold out.
“Why is the amount so little? Only two hundred? Are you joking? ”
“Yeah. How could this be? We didn’t even see what the pills looked like. Brother, is that all you have? ”
“Are there anymore daybreak pills? We’re here waiting. ”
Some of them couldn’t help but complain from Jiang Chen’s stock being so little.
Countless outer sect disciples were mostly Early Void Gods and there were even Ninth Grade Immortal Sovereigns. Some of them couldn’t breakthrough because of their limited talent, while some couldn’t breakthrough due to their bottlenecks. Hence, they all needed the pill to solve their problem.
“Sorry, that’s all. If you wish to purchase more, I’ll be here ten days later. However, I still have another pill, the Soul Stabilising Pill. It could nourish one’s soul, increasing the level of one’s soul realm. If anyone understands it, you should know how important one’s soul realm is. One thing to point out is that if you have the strength but your soul realm is insufficient, then a Soul Stabilising Pill could also help you breakthrough. But the chances between the two pills goes without saying, the medicinal effect between these two are completely different. I don’t need to elaborate further on the effect of the Soul Stabilising Pill. 50 Mid Grade Divine Origin Stones for one pill. Think about the medicinal effect you’ll get!”
Jiang Chen’s words had caused countless people to be in a daze. At this moment, some inner sect disciples started to pay more attention. Because the effect of the Soul Stabilising Pill was much more direct and much more effective compared to the Daybreak Pill. The inner sect disciples were mostly Peak Void Gods or Half-step True Gods. A simple Daybreak Pill barely has any effect on them anymore.
The uniqueness of the Soul Stabilising Pill of being able to nourish the soul made those real experts focus their attention towards Jiang Chen. Thanks to his previous sales, his current credibility was extremely high. Almost nobody doubted his pills. Moreover, the inner sect disciples were mostly wealthy. Hence, the price of 50 Divine Origin Stones was easier to accept for them. Even though it was still quite pricey, it was still within the acceptable range.
“Could this really nourish the soul?”
Such a great medicinal pill could not even be found within the inner or outer sect. This time, with the sales of the Daybreak Pills, the credibility of the Soul Stabilising Pill became much higher.
“Believers do not suspect, non-believer do not use.” Jiang Chen said with a smile.
Even though his answer was arrogant, there were still people willing to pay 50 Mid Grade Divine Origin Stones. In the end, both pills were all sold out and Jiang Chen raked in a big haul.
This time, Jiang Chen received a whooping 16,000 Mid Grade Divine Origin Stones which is equivalent to 1,600,000 Low Grade Divine Origin Stones. Such a huge wealth immediately made Jiang Chen a rich man. Not even those top rankers of the inner sect possess such great wealth.
Four hundred pills were sold out. But there were people who failed to purchase one. Since it was a first come first serve, some were frustrated and angered, and those who arrived late hadn’t even caught a glimpse of the pills.
Jiang Chen’s eyes were glittering from the haul. With these many Divine Origin Stones, he could even possibly reach the Late Void God realm.
Even Ling Yun was somewhat shocked, to think that Jiang Chen was quite capable. She had never heard of these two pills. Most importantly, the effect of these two pills had created an uproar within the whole Profound Feng Sect. The Soul Stabilizing Pill that was sold to the inner sect disciples had caused countless experts tremendous shock after their soul was nourished and even strengthened. Such a pill could be regarded as a divine grade, even though it was a bit pricey, it was something they could accept.
After all, such a pill could only be obtained through luck.
“Do you guys know who was the one selling the Daybreak Pills? And that Soul Stabilising Pill is rumoured to be quite effective, there are quite a lot of people searching for him now.”
“I do not know what happened within the inner sect. But I heard some rumours that the 197 outer sect disciples that bought the Daybreak Pills have all successfully broken through. It was a one of a kind event that has never happened in the outer sect. Even the elders of the sect were utterly shocked.”
“Isn’t it?! Even though the grade of the pill was not high, for Void Gods like us, it is extremely useful.”
“Quite a few people within the inner sect managed to strengthen and recover the injuries of their soul. I also heard that Su Nanfeng and Sheng Kun were searching for that person. Both of them were injured by a Soul Eater Beast while on a mission outside. Both of them were quite unlucky, they couldn’t improve their strength for the past two years and the strength of their soul stayed extremely weak.”
A voice of doubt appeared in both the outer and inner sect. It was not a hunt, but a search on the mysterious alchemist. Only Zhou Yunpeng knew that Jiang Chen was a true Master Alchemist.
Jiang Chen went into seclusion and started his journey on breaking through. All the Divine Origin Stones were sucked into his body, however, nothing happened. He was not even able to reach the Peak Mid Void God realm.
Jiang Chen couldn’t help but feel sad. However, this was an unchangeable fact. If he was any other person, with these many Mid Grade Origin Stones, he would’ve easily broken through and reached the Mid Void God realm.
“Your body’s like a blackhole, so many Divine Origin Stones have been spent and it’s not even full.” Ling Yun said with doubt.
“Sad, truly sad. Looks like I have to slave away in concocting pills now.” Jiang Chen laughed bitterly, and once again started concocting pills.
This time, he concocted 500 Daybreak Pills and 500 Soul Stabilising Pills in one go. These two pills were quite easy to create. However, it still took Jiang Chen two days to complete it. Moreover, Jiang Chen was a perfectionist, the pills he concocted must be of High Grade.
For an average pill, if the medicinal effect of the pills were insufficient or could not achieve its desired effect, it will not even be graded. Hence, the average pills were without a grade. Naturally, those pills could not be compared to Jiang Chen’s product.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2236 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2237


The Thickness of His Face is truly out of Reach
When Jiang Chen appeared in the medicinal pill market again, the place was already filled with people. Again, this time without an accident, all of his pills were sold out in an instant. 40,000 Mid Grade Divine Origin Stones. Zhou Yunpeng was in awe. Jiang Chen gave him 500 and it made him extremely happy, as it was beneficial for his cultivation. With these Divine Origin Stones, he was confident in reaching the Late Void God realm.
For a lower ranked disciple, sometimes it wasn’t that they’re not talented, it’s just that they did not have enough resources to go by. Once they have enough resources they will certainly reach the sky.
“Brother, I wonder how your medicinal pills are made? I have been researching the art of alchemy for over twenty years and am quite accomplished. I wonder if my brother is willing to exchange the art of alchemy with this one?” A slender, pale guy slowly walked towards Jiang Chen, but his eyes were sharp as he stared at Jiang Chen and said with a smile.
Moreover, he was not wearing any mask. So many years have passed and quite a number of people have recognised him, hence there’s no meaning in him wearing a mask anymore.
“This brother, you mean that you want my formula?” Jiang Chen slightly squinted his eyes.
Jiang Chen was selling medicinal pills on the opposite side of the pale guy’s stall. This was Jiang Chen’s second time on the market, causing everyone to have zero business. Jiang Chen’s pills were exceptionally good; for these alchemists he has become a thorn on their side.
The alchemist here numbered around 30. They were mostly self-studied beginner alchemists. But only 3-5 of them were selling pills. However, when their products were compared to Jiang Chen’s pills, the difference was enormous and could not be compared.
“No, no, why would I want your pill formula? That is a taboo for an alchemist. Moreover, pill formulas are a person’s personal treasure, who would want to share it with others? But I am also here to represent the opinions gathered from the others: it’s just a Low Grade pill formula. We’re all members of the same sect, why not take it out and let us study it together. It is also great as it could unite the disciples together. Plus, it could further improve the formula in the process, isn’t that a great thing?” Gu Wanfeng said with a smile and shook his head.
The surrounding 10 alchemists nodded in agreement. They held resentment towards Jiang Chen for robbing off their business. Now that Jiang Chen was the biggest supplier, nobody was willing to buy their pills anymore. This had severely disrupted the market. How could they allow such a thing to persist?
Jiang Chen had become a thorn on their side who severed their income. They would naturally become hostile towards Jiang Chen.
“This person is an inner sect disciple. He is also the number one alchemist within the inner sect. He was said to be able to concoct a High Grade medicinal pill, which is pretty exceptional. Even the Elder Alchemist Ling Zhongqiang praised his abilities and accepted him as a named disciple. Once he breaks through to the Void God Realm and reach the True God Realm, then the elder will take him in as a True Disciple. Moreover, nobody wants to offend an alchemist. An alchemist is great in gathering people under their banner. They could use medicinal pills as collateral to have others act for their sake if anyone offends them. There’s quite a number of people who’re in a good relationship with him in the inner sect.” Zhou Yunpeng whispered in Jiang Chen’s ears, hinting him to back off as Gu Wanfeng was not a man to be trifled with.
“In this case, we’re all disciples of the same sect, would senior brother also let me borrow your pill formula? So that we could study it together. As for this un-authentic pill formula of mine, I fear it’ll not be good enough for you guys to study.”
Jiang Chen sneered in his heart. Obviously, they do not like him and wanted the formulas of the Day break Pill and Soul Stabilising Pill. Because these pills had made countless people jealous and Gu Wanfeng was the first. He was the number one alchemist in Profound Feng Sect. How could such a great thing not have him involved?
If Jiang Chen was smart, he would hand over the formula and they could both benefit from it. If he won’t agree, then they’ll have to use force.
“Are you challenging me? Wanting my formula? Keep dreaming. Aren’t you obnoxious.” Gu Wanfeng said coldly.
“Then, on what basis do I need to hand over my formula to you? Who do you think you are? Only allowing yourself to do whatever you want and not allowing others to do so. You want my formula to study together, then I also want yours, is it too much? Challenging you? Hahaha, looks like your brain has some serious damage, do you think I’m afraid of you? Grandson? This one refuses to give. What can you do to me? Come bite me if you can’t accept it.” Jiang Chen sneered continuously, angering Gu Wanfeng and causing him to instantly unleash a strong killing intent.
“Great, great, great! I’m giving you face but you refused to accept it. This is my first time meeting such a person who fails to appreciate my kindness. Looks like you need some education to know how to respect your elders.” Gu Wanfeng harrumphed.
“Senior brother is truly our senior brother, there is always something that we could learn from you.”
“You bet.”
“Senior brother is able to master such a divine technique of shamelessness, I am truly amazed by such a technique. Your face is as thick as the widest mountain range. It’s hard to not be amazed by it. Haha.” Jiang Chen said while laughing madly, completely disregarding Gu Wanfeng.
“Brother Jiang, you’re too reckless. That is Gu Wanfeng of the inner sect. The number 7 of the inner sect, Lei Zhenting, is his best friend. This time, this matter won’t be easily resolved.” Zhou Yunpeng’s expression was full of worry.
“So what? He’s the one provoking me. He can ask for my formula and I can’t ask for his? Giving me such a bullshit excuse of studying it together? Fuck him, I have never seen such a shameless person before.” Jiang Chen stared at Gu Wanfeng.
The two of them were on each other’s throat. None of them were willing to take a step back. The surrounding audience had become tense.
“You’re seeking your own death, am I right? You refused to listen to the advice of these many senior brothers, you selfish person, you’re asking to be cast aside.” Gu Wanfeng sighed, as if he was disappointed with Jiang Chen. As if to say that Jiang Chen’s pill formula was a property of everyone.
“It is the greatest disrespect towards us senior brothers by guarding your formula closely, even though you’ve already said that it’s bad. Now, it looks like you’re becoming more and more disappointing. No matter if you’re an inner sect disciple or outer sect disciple. Today, I will challenge you. Obediently hand over the formula if you do not dare to accept my challenge. Then, you may possibly be at ease. Our Profound Feng Sect has always advocated peace and harmony. You have openly challenged your senior brothers. This senior brother of yours has already given you all the chance.” Gu Wanfeng’s words made Jiang Chen laugh in disdain.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2237 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2238


Extreme Shamelessness
Some of the audience showed contempt. But none was willing to be part of the problem. They did not know who was selling the medicinal pills. But Gu Wanfeng was someone they had to respect, after all he was a named disciple of Elder Ling Zhongqiang. The elder once said that he’ll accept him as a True Disciple the moment he reached the True God Realm. Who would dare mess with Gu Wanfeng? Plus, Gu Wanfeng had a lot of connections, if one were to offend him… that person will surely get a horrible end.
Hence, a lot of people surrounded the area without a care in the world, and were only there to spectate. More people gathered over time. Gu Wanfeng already expected it, no one would dare touch him, as long as it’s not the top 5 of the inner sect, he was confident in killing anyone that stood in his way.
The top 5 of the inner sect were all True Gods. Plus, they were all very strong. Even though he wasn’t clear on how strong they were, he could somehow feel it. However, he did not get that kind of feeling from Jiang Chen.
Therefore, he was not pressured by this alchemist that appeared out of nowhere.
“So what? What do you want? I’ll play your game. Since you said I’m being selfish then I’ll be selfish. I’ll do whatever I want. Who the f*ck are you to talk to me? I’ll accept your challenge.” Jiang Chen shouted with a cold gaze. At this moment, Zhou Yunpeng was extremely worried.
“Quickly go and persuade Brother Jiang. Otherwise, he cannot win against Gu Wanfeng. This fellow is one of the big shots within the inner sect.”
“Big Brother will certainly defeat the bad guys!”
“It’s his own business, he’ll know how far to go and when to stop.”
Ling Yun was unfazed and just stood behind Jiang Chen. Moreover, this was not Jiang Chen’s fault. That Gu Wanfeng was truly shameless and forceful. He was probably jealous of Jiang Chen earning so much. It was shameless of him to ask Jiang Chen to hand over the pill formula. Ling Yun had never seen nor thought that such a shameless person could ever exist. To publicly challenge and provoke with such shamelessness. Is one’s face that worthless?
“Playing Mr. Tough guy now huh… You guys saw it, be my witness. This fellow has completely ignored me. I shall punish this man in the name of the sect. Letting him know what it means to respect one’s senior. So arrogant, you’re waiting to be marked. Hmph hmph. Lad, you’re too young and stubborn, people like you fall easily.” Gu Wanfeng pointed at Jiang Chen and said, completely looking down on him.
He acted like he was the boss of the inner sect because he was a Half-Step True God, a being completely different from those outer sect disciples. He only needed time and Divine Origin Energy to step into the realm of True God.
“I will not fight you today. However, we can compete in alchemy and see which one of us can produce a better pill. The better one shall win. Hand me your pill formulas if I win. If I lose, I shall not appear before you anymore, and if we were to bump into each other, I will pay you respect as my teacher. What do you say?” Gu Wanfeng said arrogantly.
He was extremely confident in his skill. He was not afraid of competing against Jiang Chen. Moreover, in a situation like this, he can gain more just by winning the competition. Plus, that fellow probably only got the formula through luck, he gave him a chance to hand it to him, but now it’s too late.
“Senior Brother is right. In the future, senior brother will have to pay me respect whenever you see me, as a teacher. Hahaha.” Jiang Chen laughed.
“Hmph, let’s see how great you are later. This fellow’s skill in alchemy must be weak. He had only gotten his hands on the pill formula and created low-quality pills. If those formulas are in my hands, the effect of those pills will surely shock you all. In fact, I’m trying to be of service for our fellow disciples on taking the pill formula. Moreover, I will not sell it at such a high price? Even if I do not use the pills, I feel pity for you all. Aren’t those Divine Origin Stones hard-earned? I cannot bear to see you guys pay such a price.”
Gu Wanfeng even instigated the other disciples and there were even others that supported him—stating that Jiang Chen’s pills were too expensive, and they couldn’t afford it. It would’ve been great if it was sold at the price of three Mid Grade Divine Origin Stones.
“Yeah. Senior Brother Gu is truly kind, acting for our sake.”
“Yeah. Senior Brother Gu is truly the first seat alchemist of the inner sect, it is our pride to have him. This out of the blue alchemist is too evil, one pill is priced at my whole fortune, truly evil.”
“In the end, it’s too expensive, we cannot afford it. If Senior Gu could uphold justice for us, we will support you, senior brother.”
Jiang Chen couldn’t help but laugh from these ranting ignorant fools. This bunch of people deserved to be weak, not knowing what is right or wrong. Jiang Chen would not pity them if they were to die. Moreover, it was all the poor guys who cannot afford the pills that were shouting and ranting.
A bunch of ignorant fools, shameless and ignorant, they deserve to die. These trash were wasting the Divine World’s Divine Origin Qi.
“Bunch of degenerates.” Jiang Chen shook his head.
He did not expect these guys to give him any more surprises. There are many types of men living in this world. He has seen many kinds of people, hence his heart was as calm as a lake.
Gu Wanfeng twisted everything and blatantly tried to rob the pill formula as if he was in the right. He was pressuring Jiang Chen with his position, truly an extremely shameless person.
“The number one most shameless person. You’ve really outdone yourself, Senior Brother.”
Currently, Jiang Chen wasn’t as angry at Gu Wanfeng anymore. Because the anger he had was changed into ‘entertainment.
“Enough nonsense. Let’s concoct an Energy Recovery Pill that could recover one’s strength. The most basic pill, that shouldn’t be a problem right?”
Gu Wanfeng wasn’t planning on giving Jiang Chen any opportunity. He wanted to win in an overwhelming fashion, and most importantly, get the formula of the Soul Stabilising Pill and Daybreak Pill.
“Alright.”
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2238 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2239


Supreme Grade Pill
Jiang Chen only said one word, and it was to compete against Gu Wanfeng.
“Everyone here shall become our witness. I, Gu Wanfeng, have never bullied others. This time, we shall battle fair and square.” Gu Wanfeng said.
He then took out a small pill refining furnace and started a fire. After that, he poured the medicinal ingredients into the pill refining furnace. Jiang Chen was unfazed and just observed his opponent quietly and calmly. Gu Wanfeng followed the proper procedures. Each procedure was splendid, the number one alchemist of the inner sect was not just all talk. His pills were the best… before Jiang Chen’s appearance.
“Could it be that the fellow doesn’t know how to concoct a pill? Could it be that those pills were not concocted by him?”
“Yeah. Now I’m a little doubtful. Could this fellow be all talk but have no abilities at all? Heh heh, to think those pills were concocted by others, one truly cannot be judged from its cover.”
“Finally showing your true colours this time eh? Hahaha. We’re in for a good show. I see why he didn’t want to take out the formula for us to study together. To think he’s a scam, he doesn’t even know how to concoct a pill, how does he even have a formula? ”
“Hilarious. I can’t wait to know what will happen to him.”
Jiang Chen did not move because there was still plenty of time left. Plus, he did not need any equipment to concoct a pill, he would just refine the ingredients within the flame and all the impurities will be gone. Plus, no ordinary pill refining furnace can withstand his Five True Flames. Probably only the Myriad Qi Cauldron could do it. But it would scare everyone. The Myriad Qi Cauldron could only be used when Jiang Chen was alone.
More people joined in to ridicule him, waiting for him to become the joke of the day. He had not made any moves, probably because he did not know how to. Whereas Gu Wanfeng was already halfway finished. Many foresaw that Jiang Chen was just acting and was all talk.
“Such an arrogant person, acting tough.” Ling Yun murmured.
“Big Brother is countering the active by staying calm.” Yue Er said seriously.
“You, this little boot-licker. Where did you learn how to bootlick?” Ling Yun gave Yue Er a stare, but Yue Er only giggled with a warm smile.
Big Brother’s image in her heart was always the greatest.
Jiang Chen’s lips started to curve into a smile. At this moment, there’s no hesitation anymore. The Fire of Sun was conjured but he masked it, making nobody able to identify what flame it was. But Gu Wanfeng saw through it as he was also an alchemist, he could feel how terrifying Jiang Chen’s flame was.
“Pretty good, to think he has such a flame, this is quite a surprise. Even so, he’ll never be my match. Hmph.” Gu Wanfeng sneered in his heart.
His pill concoction skill would never lose against a rookie.
“This fellow is one heck of a guy. To think he really knows how to concoct pills, looks like we’ve looked down on him.”
“Yeah. The fellow has started to refine his ingredients. Look, he doesn’t even need a pill refining furnace. Is he joking?”
“True. I haven’t seen anyone concoct pills without a furnace. This fellow is truly presumptuous. In this case, how could the medicinal ingredients be absorbed? Such arrogance.”
“Look you guys, that fellow poured several medicinal ingredients together. Has he really refined any pills before?”
Countless people observed in anticipation after Jiang Chen kept giving them surprise after surprise. It was truly unbelievable.
“Later, you guys will see how great Brother Jiang is.”
Zhou Yunpeng was extremely confident. Now, he had absolute confidence in Jiang Chen. Jiang Chen’s talent in pill concoction was not any weaker than Gu Wanfeng.
Zhou Yunpeng might be worried about this battle if this was a life and death battle but if it’s a battle in alchemy, then he’s quite confident that Jiang Chen would win this.
“Let’s see how long you can stay arrogant. You shall know that the pill you have is inferior to mine!”
Gu Wanfeng shouted: “Pill completion!”
Followed by Gu Wanfeng’s shout. A shiny red pill was produced and landed on his palm.
“This is the Energy Recovery Pill. As for its grade? You guys can see it, it’s definitely a High Grade Energy Recovery Pill.”
Gu Wanfeng was filled with confidence. He then looked at Jiang Chen and asked:
“I wonder when brother Jiang’s pill will be finished?”
“It’s done.”
Jiang Chen’s lips curved up as he retrieved his flame. A round pill emerged and landed on his palm, the fragrance and colour of the pill was completely different compared to Gu Wanfeng’s pill.
“What happened? White?” Gu Wanfeng frowned and his expression slightly changed. He could not believe that Jiang Chen could concoct a Supreme Grade Energy Recovery Pill.
“Do I need to tell you? Do you, as an alchemist, not know when you see a Supreme Grade Pill?”
Jiang Chen’s words made the surrounding audience gasp in awe. Gu Wanfeng’s mouth twitched as he picked Jiang Chen’s Energy Recovery Pill. His breathing paused. A true white pill, how could this be?!
Even Master Ling Zhongqiang needed to be extremely lucky to produce a Supreme Grade Pill. Moreover, it’s extremely valuable, the failure rate is too high. It doesn’t even have a 10% success rate. Yet he managed to do it. This white pill that is emitting a unique fragrance is a true Supreme Grade Pill.
“Could it be? This fellow could refine a Supreme Grade Pill? One needs to know that even a High Grade Medicinal Pill is not easy to make. It is only because the Energy Recovery Pill is a low level pill that Gu Wanfeng managed to make a High Grade one.”
“It IS a Supreme Grade medicinal pill. I heard that a Supreme Grade Pill could release medicinal fragrance and it is the colour of a supreme grade. I was lucky enough to witness a Supreme Grade Energy Recovery Pill!”
“Then this means that he’s able to make a better pill than Senior Gu. The Soul Stabilizing Pill and Daybreak pill should be done by him. Moreover, he only used half the time Senior Gu used and still managed to make something better.”
The whole onlookers were in clamor, while Gu Wanfeng’s expression was becoming cold. At this moment, he had to admit that Jiang Chen’s pill was really a Supreme Grade. Moreover, he could not replicate this result too.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2239 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2240


Your Death is Near
Gu Wanfeng’s expression was extremely bad. This result meant that all the options on obtaining Jiang Chen’s pill formula were all blocked. He wouldn’t get any customers here as long as Jiang Chen was here. This fellow’s Soul Stabilising Pill and Daybreak Pill were too tempting for the inner and outer sect disciples.
Now, nobody supported Gu Wanfeng he lost. The title of number one alchemist disciple of the Profound Feng Sect would probably have to pass to Jiang Chen. It would be big news in both the inner and outer sect, where Jiang Chen would surely become a true new star of Profound Feng Sect.
“I’ve lost.” Gu Wanfeng grabbed his Energy Recovery Pill tightly and shot Jiang Chen’s pill back to him.
“The loser has to do the ceremony of paying homage to the teacher right (bow down and regard Jiang Chen as his teacher)?” Jiang Chen said with a smile.
“Jiang Chen, don’t be too much!” Gu Wanfeng said coldly.
“Heh heh. Is this the number one alchemist in the inner sect, Gu Wanfeng’s way of doing things? After losing in terms of the art of alchemy, you plan to lose your honour? There are so many witnesses here and this was also what you said—you’ll pay me the respect of a teacher if you lost. Otherwise, where’s your credibility? Ah, that’s right, you are shameless to the core. I’m ashamed to talk to you about honour or pride. Hahaha.” Jiang Chen sneered at Gu Wanfeng.
At this moment, countless people started laughing too. Gu Wanfeng’s expression became as white as paper. He was on the verge of breaking down. How could he take it in when he was ridiculed in front of the crowd.
“Gu Wanfeng, this time, has truly humiliated himself.”
“Yeah. Now he’s not even going to fulfill what he promised. Ptwooi. To think I respect the guy as a talented alchemist senior in the past. Now, it looks like… Hehehe. This is just who he is.”
“Indeed. Such a person is truly shameless. I wonder how he’ll stand his ground in the inner sect in future.”
“For such a shameless person, the best way to deal with them is to be more shameless than them. Of course, I can see that this senior brother is not such a person. Today, Gu Wanfeng has utterly lost.”
The onlookers were happily ridiculing him and more joined in the fray. For some people, no matter who wins or loses, they were happy to see the scene where one would go against another.
Justice shall prevail! Jiang Chen always believed this.
Various ridiculing remarks could be heard. Gu Wanfeng stared at Jiang Chen coldly as if he would explode.
“He deserved it. Hmph, hmph. ” Yue Er does not like Gu Wanfeng and said while pouting her little mouth.
“That fellow… could he be starting a fight?”
This time, Zhou Yunpeng was starting to panic. Jiang Chen will not be able to face Gu Wanfeng if they really start a fight. That guy is already a Half-Step True God and only a handful of inner sect disciples could defeat him. Plus, the people supporting him in the back hold quite some power too.
“You’re the one who forced me. Bastard!” Gu Wanfeng harrumphed.
He then took out a nine feet long sword and pointed at Jiang Chen.
“Senior Gu wants to fight?” Jiang Chen said in an extremely calm manner.
“So what? You do not know how to be respectful towards a senior. If I don’t teach you a lesson, then you’ll never know how harsh the sect is. You’re unqualified to be flaunting here.”
Gu Wanfeng took gradual steps towards Jiang Chen with his sword ringing loudly.
“To twist a thing from black to white. I’ve finally witnessed how shameless you can be. The only method to deal with you is not to become more shameless nor to reason with you. It’s to kill you without mercy.” Jiang Chen said coldly without fear. He also took a step forward and faced Gu Wanfeng.
This scene had shocked countless people. Will Gu Wanfeng and Jiang Chen fight here? Do they not care about the rules of the sect and fight here?
“Stop! Senior Brother Gu, you’re an inner sect senior brother. I advise you to not do such a preposterous thing. Especially in this marketplace, if you have anything to settle, do it on the life-and-death stage, why are you forcing him here?”
Bai Yunfei rushed towards the scene from the sky and looked at both of them solemnly.
“I advise you to leave me alone. Otherwise, don’t blame me for being ruthless. I shall bear the consequences alone.” Gu Wanfeng gave Bai Yunfei a look and coldly said.
Bai Yunfei was the number four of the outer sect. His strength was nothing to scoff at and could be compared against the top 10 of the inner sect. Even Gu Wanfeng must give him some respect.
“You’re defying the sect’s regulation.” Bai Yunfei said.
“I will personally go to the inner sect Law Enforcement Hall to surrender myself after this battle. Today, I must kill him to quell my hatred in my heart.” Gu Wanfeng’s aura was not weakening and was becoming fiercer by the second.
“Very well. I’ll overlook it just today and be the judge. If that brother is willing to accept your challenge, then I’ll follow your way and will report the truth to the Law Enforcement Hall. If he’s unwilling to accept, then you’ll be punished for today’s battle.” Bai Yunfei looks at Gu Wanfeng.
“Alright.” Gu Wanfeng nodded.
“Junior brother, are you willing to fight this inner sect senior Gu Wanfeng even if you die?” Bai Yunfei looked at Jiang Chen and said.
“There’s someone stepping on my face. If I still do not accept the challenge, won’t I become a joke for the sect? Today, we shall decide who gets to live and die.” Jiang Chen said proudly.
“Great attitude. That Gu Wanfeng has been a prick for as long as I remember. If this fellow brother could defeat him, then that fellow must dig a hole and hide himself.”
“Yeah. He totally lost in terms of the arts of alchemy. Now he wants to have a life and death battle. The pride and honour of the inner sect disciples has been thrown out of the window, thanks to Gu Wanfeng.”
“Does he even have honour? Haha. this is seriously funny. I hope that nameless brother will defeat Gu Wanfeng, cleanly and utterly.”
Going against what he promised. Not caring about honour. This Gu Wanfeng had become the target of everyone. But his heart only had Jiang Chen. He must eliminate Jiang Chen, only by doing so could the hatred that was burning in his heart be eliminated. Only the winners have the right to speak in the end. As long as he could kill Jiang Chen, then he’ll still be right in the future.
Bai Yunfei frowned. This disciple is pretty hardheaded. Does he not know who Gu Wanfeng is? Even I do not want to be on bad terms with Gu Wanfeng. After all, Gu Wanfeng’s position in the inner sect was unshakable. Moreover, he had a bunch of people covering for him due to his identity of being an alchemist,
Jiang Chen coldly looked at Gu Wanfeng. Only one of them shall walk away alive. He would gladly kill one that was sent to his doorstep. If Jiang Chen was one that thinks about consequences then he’s not Jiang Chen. At worst, he could just leave the Profound Feng Sect; with the world so big, is there no place he could stay?
“Since you’ve accepted the challenge, then your death is going to be near.” Gu Wanfeng pointed his sword at Jiang Chen and said arrogantly.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2240 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2241


Real identity
“Are you sure you want to fight Gu Wanfeng? However, the condition is that you need to show your face.” Bai Yunfei frowned.
He was worried that Gu Wanfeng was bullying an outer sect disciple all this time. If this person’s an outer sect disciple, then he’s certainly not Gu Wanfeng’s match.
“Alright.”
The moment Jiang Chen took off his mask, Bai Yunfei’s expression instantly became extremely solemn.
“You?”
Bai Yunfei’s shock was much more than the others. He knew that Jiang Chen was an extremely talented outer sect disciple. Moreover, he could take on one of Yan Chen’s punch. But now, he offended the most famous alchemist of the inner sect, Gu Wan Feng.
“It’s him! He was the guy who took the Li Huo Demon’s punch. I know him, his name is Jiang Chen.”
“This fellow has guts. A Mid Void God dares to go against a Half-Step True God and not backing off nevertheless.”
“This fellow’s strength is much stronger than what he looks. He can take on Yan Cheng’s punch, which not even a Late Void God could take.”
“I am getting excited for it now. Hahaha.”
Gu Wanfeng’s expression was extremely cold. He did not care about something like an ‘outer sect prodigious disciple’. In the inner sect, no one dared to stand up against him. Who the heck does this Jiang Chen think he is? Does he really think he’s the boss of the inner sect?
Gu Wanfeng’s impression of Jiang Chen was not deep. But in the outer sect, Jiang Chen was a famous person. He killed several people of the Hundred Battle Ranking and went against Yan Cheng. He then went into hiding after those series of events, and to think he had another identity. Which once again caused a stir in the inner and outer sect.
“A prodigy will always be found no matter where he goes.” Ling Yun said.
Those who managed to come to the Divine World from the Immortal World were mostly talented individuals. Ling Yun was correct about Jiang Chen.
“You have to reconsider. He is stronger than you, plus he’s supported by some very powerful people.” Bai Yunfei once again reminded Jiang Chen.
“When you’re pushed against the wall by others time and time again and he even wants to take your pill formula and your very life, do you think you’ll be quiet about it?” Jiang Chen asked. Making Bai Yunfei go silent.
“Then, good luck,” Bai Yunfei said quietly. This was the final wish he could give to Jiang Chen.
Each and every one of them held their breath and waited for the battle to start.
Bai Yunfei knew that Jiang Chen was forced into this situation. One doesn’t need to guess that it’s probably Gu Wanfeng that started it. Jiang Chen was a guy who would not simply offend others if others didn’t offend him. This was something Bai Yunfei had realised earlier.
Jiang Chen always gave off a mysterious vibe. No matter if it was the punch of the Li Huo Demon, and now the competition of pill formula with Gu Wanfeng, he did not step back at all.
Gu Wanfeng’s overbearing attitude was famous within Profound Feng Sect. Baiyun Fei knew that this fellow must’ve seen Jiang Chen earning massive cash from his sales and got jealous of it. Then he wanted to get Jiang Chen’s pill formula, but why would Jiang Chen hand it over to him? Isn’t he pushing it?
Bai Yunfei too couldn’t stand Gu Wanfeng. But the fact was, Gu Wanfeng was just too overbearing, and had great resources within the inner sect. If anyone has those resources, he could do whatever he wants.
Jiang Chen’s identity had caused quite a commotion amongst the crowd. He went against Yan Cheng and now he’s protecting the pill formula to the death. Jiang Chen’s overbearing-ness was fated to be tested. He’s just a new star that was getting famous in the outer sect, he’ll surely become a prized son of heaven.
“Looks like you’re trying to treat me as a stepping stone. To think you’re a sharp little brother. We’re fated to be enemies.” Gu Wanfeng said smilingly. But his gaze was getting colder, like the eye of a hawk, unleashing killing intent.
“I do not dare. Since Senior Gu is willing to give me the honour. Then, I’ll gladly take it, I do not want to waste Senior Gu’s time.” Jiang Chen smiled.
Even though they were exchanging civilised words, it was not as it shows. A battle of life and death shall ensue, a winner shall be decided!
“Come. Otherwise, you’ll never have a chance.” Gu Wanfeng said confidently.
“Alright. As you wish.” Jiang Chen’s eyes became cold and swiftly attacked.
In an instant, the terrifying Five Elements Battle Dragon Seal was unleashed. Gu Wanfeng solemnly took it head on with a slash. In an instant, a terrifying aura covered the whole trading market. As Gu Wanfeng clashed with the Five Elements Battle Dragon Seal he’s surprised that Jiang Chen’s attack was this powerful.
Suddenly, Gu Wanfeng retreated 10 steps back as he was pushed back by Jiang Chen’s Five Elements Battle Dragon Seal. Jiang Chen had shown a terrifying battle strength. Bai Yunfei’s gaze suddenly lit up. His attack was full of surprise. If it was Bai Yunfei, he would also have faced the same result. Gu Wanfeng must’ve looked down on his opponent.
“To think you are quite capable. Hehe. But still… that’s all.”
Gu Wanfeng roared and took up his sword once again. Sharp attacks were thrown, one that could even cut the reincarnation circle down.
“Infinite Galericulata Sword, kill without mercy!”
Thousands and thousands of sword shadows filled the skies. Countless people gasp looking at the scene.
“This is Gu Wanfeng’s famous Infinite Galericulata Sword. There are less than 10 people that could take this technique head on.”
“Yeah. this time, this fearless fellow will probably die under Gu Wanfeng’s Infinite Galericulata Sword.”
“It may not be, from his attack before, I think that kid’s strength is exceptional.”
Followed by a dragon roar, Jiang Chen once again unleashed a lethal move—the Azure Dragon’s Five Steps. After stepping on the void, Gu Wanfeng’s Infinite Galericulata Sword was forcefully stopped, unable to unleash its powerful attack.
“Such a terrifying footwork. It’s one that has never been seen and never been heard.”
“Yeah. Such technique. To block against Gu Wanfeng’s Infinite Galericulata Sword. Terrifying. ”
Jiang Chen’s footsteps were stable, he ignored Gu Wanfeng’s Infinite Galericulata Sword and continued forward with bursting killing intent.
Under the effect of the Azure Dragon’s Five Steps, Gu Wanfeng’s attacks became weaker and he flew backwards in the end.
Gu Wanfeng’s swordplay shone through the void and he steadied his stance, but his expression was extremely solemn,
Jiang Chen’s explosive attack caught him off guard. The Azure Dragon’s Five Steps and the Five Elements Battle Dragon Seal made him realise the predicament he was in. This Jiang Chen is not ordinary.
Gu Wanfeng was clear about his strength. He still looked down on this Mid Void God. But he used most of his time on concocting pills, hence, he was weaker than those martial freaks that spent all day cultivating.
Even so, Gu Wanfeng stood proudly. He had to continue this battle and put Jiang Chen down. He was still the number one alchemist in Profound Feng Sect. He’ll lose everything, his name, his fame if he loses this battle!
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2241 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2242


Poisoning People’s Minds
Jiang Chen attacked twice, each of which were lethal. But the gap between the two of them was wide. A Half-Step True God and a Mid Void God. But if the opponent was a Late Void God, he would’ve been instantly killed by Jiang Chen. Hence, Gu Wanfeng was clear that this fellow was not to be looked down on.
“This fellow’s strength is quite shocking.” Bai Yunfei murmured. He hoped Jiang Chen would win.
At the moment, the two were almost at the stage where one must die. Whoever loses the battle may have death visiting their doorstep.
From Bai Yunfei’s perspective, Jiang Chen was not some goody-two-shoes. Even though he was an outer sect disciple, he was already angered; he was forced by Gu Wanfeng countless times, who could handle it?
Jiang Chen stared straight towards Gu Wanfeng. This fellow is not weak. But he was confident that he could beat him. Even though he may have difficulties fighting against a True God, it won’t be a problem if the opponent is a Half-Step True God.
Gu Wanfeng’s main focus was alchemy. Although he wasn’t weak in terms of cultivation, still, he’s a man that focuses on the arts of alchemy, but still lost in the field. If he still loses a fight, then he’ll lose all his reputation. Gu Wanfeng had no choice but to go all out now.
“It looks like I have looked down on you. But even so, you’ll never be my match. Surrender, an outer sect trash wants to fight me? Dream on!” Gu Wanfeng said coldly.
He then once again took up his long sword and slashed forward, trying to force Jiang Chen back again.
But Jiang Chen did not back off. He remained calm and constructed a hand-seal. The terrifying Slaughter Dragon Seal formed the Qi of Death, crushing onto Gu Wanfeng with a red energy of the heaven and earth.
Gu Wanfeng’s expression changed drastically and swiftly retreated. He could feel how powerful the seal was. He could suffer heavy injury if he did not evade on time.
“Desperate Galericulata Sword!”
Gu Wanfeng was desperate. At this moment, he had no choice. After two terrifying lights clashed into each other, Gu Wanfeng was pushed backward several hundred meters, coughing out blood along the way. A black palm print could be seen on his chest, it was charred black, causing him to shudder.
A terrifying Qi of Death had invaded Gu Wanfeng’s body. He’s expression became cold.
“Such terrifying Qi of Death.”
Gu Wanfeng gasped. Only now did he realise that Jiang Chen was terrifyingly powerful, not just exceptional in alchemy, but also in terms of strength.
Jiang Chen’s lips curved into a cold smile. The terror of the Slaughter Dragon Seal was not something Gu Wanfeng had ever imagined.
“Let’s see how long you’ll last.”
Jiang Chen used his Heavenly Dragon Sword and attacked. The air vibrated wherever the sword passed. Everyone held their breaths as they witnessed it, and their expression became ugly.
“Such a terrifying sword! It has widened my horizon.”
“This attack is probably on par with the inner sect number 3, Sword Maniac.”
Some inner sect disciples evaluated. They were heavily concerned about the battle between Jiang Chen and Gu Wanfeng.
“I wouldn’t be so sure since Jiang Chen is still too weak. Do you know Sword Maniac? He’s the future candidate to the Ten Elders of our sect. How could a new disciple be able to compare against him?”
“That’s true. But it looks like this Jiang Chen is stronger. Gu Wanfeng is in big trouble.”
“Such prestige. This kid will certainly have a bright future.”
A lot of the onlookers were commenting as if it doesn’t concern them. There were also many people who were pissed at Gu Wanfeng, as he always looked down on the outer sect disciples. As people of the inner sect, they should not discriminate against others. Moreover, Gu Wanfeng’s identity was quite sensitive. He was always cocky and arrogant, making a lot of people from the inner and outer sect displeased.
Gu Wanfeng could feel his organ being invaded by this terrifying Qi of Death. The Slaughter Dragon Seal’s terrifying attribute was thoroughly shown.
With the terrifying sword prestige of the Heavenly Dragon Sword, Gu Wanfeng was forced to be on the defensive, without any chance to retaliate. Slowly, the battle became one-sided.
Gu Wanfeng’s expression changed, knowing he’s not his match and thought of a scheme, he then roared:
“You, demonic cultivator, dare to use such terrifying evil sorcery?! That deathly technique is truly something. Who are you? What are you planning to do by sneaking into our Profound Feng Sect? What tricks did you do when you sold those pills to our disciples?! ”
Gu Wanfeng’s words had caused a commotion in the whole trading market. After realizing that Jiang Chen’s Slaughter Dragon Seal was filled with the Qi of Death, everyone felt threatened, causing others to support Gu Wanfeng.
“Jiang Chen, who are you? What purpose do you have on coming to Profound Feng Sect?”
“Yeah. How did that terrifying Qis of Death that’s the signature of a demonic cultivator here? You must give us an explanation.”
“Also, the medicinal pills you sold to us, are those safe for consumption?!”
For them, their safety was the highest concern. Gu Wanfeng’s words instantly stirred up their hearts. What Gu Wanfeng said was valid: this Jiang Chen’s background was unknown. Who can take the responsibility if anything were to happen?
Jiang Chen’s Slaughter Dragon Seal made everyone doubtful of him. After all, Jiang Chen had just entered the sect and Gu Wanfeng was a senior of the inner sect. Even though Gu Wanfeng was not a great person, he still holds speaking authority. Plus, it involves everyone’s safety, something that was taken seriously.
Poisoning people’s minds!
Jiang Chen coldly looked at Gu Wanfeng. He never thought that this fellow could be this cunning: To think he thought of such a sinister scheme after he found out that he’s not Jiang Chen’s match. Plus, Jiang Chen’s credibility was definitely lower than him. Gu Wanfeng’s scheme had put him towards the highest moral value. At the same time, putting Jiang Chen down.
Bai Yunfei frowned, from his point of view, this was definitely Gu Wanfeng’s tricks. But he too wasn’t sure of it. Jiang Chen’s terrifying Qi of Death that came from Slaughter Dragon Seal made him think that Jiang Chen is a demonic cultivator.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2242 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2243


Instant Death
“These people desire to see the world burn by simply listening to rumours and spreading it without a care.” Ling Yun said coldly.
At this moment, the public’s opinion was starting to tilt towards Gu Wanfeng’s side and Jiang Chen had become their target. Although groundless, the people still chose to believe this suspicion. Since, in this sect, such a thing was not a joke.
“Jiang Chen, you must give us an explanation. Otherwise, I will be the first to deal with you,” Gu Wanfeng said and a wave of voice resounded behind him.
“We demand an explanation!”
“We have to be responsible for our lives.”
“The safety of the sect is our number one priority. We request a trial!”
Jiang Chen’s expression was extremely gloomy. This bunch of people followed whatever was told to them. They do not have their own judgement. Do I need to massacre them all? With his current strength, it was simply impossible, however these people were seriously detestable. Jiang Chen’s patience was at its limit.
“Gu WanFeng! You have utterly thrown your dignity out of the window. I am ashamed for you. You have put in some real hard work just for the sake of accusing me.” Jiang Chen said coldly.
“Haha, me accusing you? If you’re of clear conscience, you can put down your weapon and follow me to the Law Enforcement Hall. We’ll get to the bottom of this. If you’re really innocent, so what? Profound Feng Sect is always impartial when it comes to enforcing the law. The sect’s rule is stern and strict. The sect will never allow a spy. But the sect will also never do injustice towards an upright disciple. What do you think?”
This time Gu Wanfeng became more arrogant. At this moment he had taken all the initiative, moreover, once they’ve entered the inner sect, everything will go according to his plan. After all, his master had the highest position within the sect, just below the Great Elder and Sect Lord. Who would fight against him?
Even the people of the Law Enforcement Hall appreciated his pills. He’ll certainly reach great heights after reaching the True God Realm. Plus, he’ll take over his master’s position—the head alchemist, Ling Zhongqiang. Who could even compare against such a position?
“That is a great piece of mouth. To change black into white. Inverting facts, fickle. Gu Wanfeng, you have shaved all my patience away. Today, I’ll kill you!” Jiang Chen was completely speechless against this extremely shameless disciple.
Now, he only wanted to kill, he needed to kill Gu Wanfeng. Only by doing this will his hatred be quenched.
“Ashamed into anger? Do not dare to speak anymore, you’re afraid to follow me back to the Law Enforcement Hall, right? Hahaha, look at my great perceptive eyes. I’ll do the sect a great favor by eliminating a pest of the sect. I will not believe that you’ll kill someone in front of so many people.
“You have invoked chaos within the sect in such a short amount of time, killing countless of outer sect disciples, completely ignoring the sec’s rules. What do you have to say now that you have shown your true colours?”
Gu Wanfeng said proudly, not fearing Jiang Chen. Moreover, he became the one protected by others. Each and every disciple will be responsible for his safety and the sect will not allow such a dubious person to be here.
With the help of perfect timing and environment, Gu Wanfeng had no worries at all. Moreover, such a person will certainly be judged by the sect. ‘Willing to wrongfully kill a thousand and not leave a single suspect behind.’ Because the sect will be in danger if a spy or an evil cultivator really snuck in. It’s not a simple matter.
“Jiang Chen…” Bai Yunfei looked at Jiang Chen.
“I have a clear conscience and I am not an evil cultivator. I don’t need to be judged by a shameless scum like Gu Wanfeng. Today shall be your death.” Jiang Chen harrumphed, ignoring Bai Yunfei, and flew straight towards Gu Wanfeng.
Jiang Chen unleashed the Azure Dragon’s Five Steps, shattering the void as he headed straight towards his target!
“You dare kill me? ” Gu Wanfeng shouted in fear, his expression became extremely ugly because Jiang Chen really took up his blade and was rushing towards him.
“Everything can be discussed. Jiang Chen, this matter is serious. Do not be reckless! I believe you, but you have to prove that you’re innocent.” Bai Yunfei said.
“I was forced over and over again by this scum. Moreover, he dared to accuse me. I am not Jiang Chen if I leave him alive!”
Jiang Chen zapped through, passing by Bai Yunfei, aiming straight towards Gu Wanfeng.
“Stop!! You dare?!” A loud voice could be heard.
A middle-aged old man appeared in front of Jiang Chen. The man’s expression was cold while looking at Jiang Chen with disdain. The dragon beard on his face gave off a vicissitude of an overbearing feeling.
“No matter who you are, you’ll never be able to stop me!”
“I’m Inner Sect rank 11, Dragon Beard Huang Bin. Today, you want to kill Brother Wanfeng. Dream on. With me here, I’ll bring you into the Law Enforcement Hall.”
Huang Bin roared furiously, shaking the heavens.
“To think it’s him?! Huang Bin, this fellow is ranked 11 in the inner sect’s Hundred Battle Rankings.”
“Some said that the Great Senior Yang Jiang of the outer sect is not even his match”
“Looks like there’s a great show today.”
Everyone was extremely shocked. This time, even experts of the inner sect had appeared. Moreover, it was the rank 11th expert of the inner sect. This battle will certainly be known to the whole sect. Whereby Jiang Chen was forced into a corner and the situation could no longer be stopped.
“I’ve said it before. No one can stop me. I will kill him, those who stand in my way will also die!” Jiang Chen’s voice was like the brahma of the Supreme Heavens.
At this moment, even Huang Bin felt cold. This fellow’s gaze is quite scary and mysterious.
“You’ll have to get through me first.”
Huang Bin took out his broadsword and readied his stance, standing right in front of Gu Wanfeng. Him and Gu Wanfeng were sworn brothers hence he will not stand idly by at this moment.
“Kill him,” whispered Gu Wanfeng to Huang Bin.
In his heart, Jiang Chen was a dead man. This fellow will not be able to live any longer. No matter if he’s a spy or not. He needed to be killed, otherwise he’ll become a threat in the future.
Huang Bin silently nodded, upon which Jiang Chen only sneered. So far, nobody was able to withstand his anger.
“The Fusion of Dragon and Sword! Unparalleled under the heavens!”
Jiang Chen’s gaze became cold as he fused with the Heavenly Dragon Sword. A nine revolution golden dragon showed its claw and the blade turned, pointing towards the heavens!
Huang Bin’s expression became grim, his gaze suddenly widened. But he was unfazed as he clashed with Jiang Chen.
In the next moment, however, Jiang Chen’s Fusion of Dragon and Sword managed to pierce through Huang Bin’s body. An insta-kill! At this moment, the whole horizon became gold in colour.
Everyone was dumbfounded. Currently, Jiang Chen was invincible, like the son of the Supreme Heaven True Dragon.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2243 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2244


Xuan Qingming
The prestige of the blade was invincible. Gu Wanfeng’s pupil constricted, and his expression completely revealed how terrified he was. Now that Huang Bin is dead, the next target of the Heavenly Dragon Sword was him. Not even Huang Bin could block that attack. Moreover, it was instant. Now, he knew that Jiang Chen was dead set on killing him.
“Isn’t this fellow terrifying?”
“Yeah. Instantly killing Huang Bin. I dare say, not even the top 10 inner sect disciples could do it like him, with ease.”
“No, you cannot kill me. Jiang Chen, NO!”
Jiang Chen, who was merged with Heavenly Dragon Sword, was rapidly closing in. Its overbearing aura could not be stopped. A Mid Void God could be this terrifying? It made Bai Yunfei who was observing to feel passionate, his eyes glittered.
Unfortunately, Gu Wanfeng couldn’t even finish his sentence. Jiang Chen’s Fusion of Dragon and Sword has already pierced his body. At this moment, Gu Wanfeng’s pupils were dilated. He’s dead. Thoroughly dead.
No one had imagined that Jiang Chen would kill the two of them in such a swift manner. One was ranked 11th, while the other was the famous and talented inner sect alchemist.
Murdering others like drinking water.
No one dared to speak another word. What remained was the fear towards Jiang Chen and pity towards Gu Wanfeng. Currently, it was as if the whole earth had become silent.
“You have created a disaster. Haih.” Bai Yunfei said.
“I don’t think this is a disaster.” Jiang Chen smirked, feeling confident.
“This is what an expert should look like.” Ling Yun said.
Yue Er looked at her Big Sister Ling. Her heart always supported Jiang Chen. This Gu Wanfeng kept pressuring and pushing others to the corner. Jiang Chen had already backed away many times. Pity, that guy did not know he was playing with fire.
Now, Gu Wanfeng and Huang Bin were dead. The whole trading market was in uproar.
Suddenly, a figure arrived at the site.
“I am the Law Enforcement Hall Vice Hall Master, Lei Li, who’s Jiang Chen?”
It’s a middle-aged man with a trident in his hand, looking extremely cold. His strength was at the True God Realm, causing others to feel tremendous pressure.
“I am.” Jiang Chen stepped forward and looked at Lei Li without backing off.
“Alright. Follow me. You have guts, publicly murdering your fellow disciples and ignoring the sect rules.” Lei Li said.
“I have murdered people. Yes.” Jiang Chen said coldly, neither arrogant nor servile and looked at Lei Li.
“It’s useless to tell me. Follow me. You too, Bai Yunfei.”
“Yes, Elder Lei.” Bai Yunfei said respectfully.
“You are quite overbearing but you’ll have to pay for killing others.” Lei Li said.
“A bastard will be punished by the Heavens. Gu Wanfeng is a bastard, he should be killed by the Heavens. I am just enforcing justice for the Heavens.” Jiang Chen’s answer made Lei Li twitch his eye.
“You’re pretty optimistic. But this matter is not as simple as you think.”
“You guys go back. Rest assured, I’ll be fine.”
Jiang Chen looked at Ling Yun.
“Alright.” Ling Yun nodded like a loving wife and left with Yue Er.
“This time, you really made a big mess. Gu Wanfeng is Elder Ling Zhongqiang’s named disciple. Elder Ling’s position within the sect is only second to the Sect Lord and the Great Elder. Moreover, he’s just a step away from creating his Divine Spark and reaching the Heavenly God Realm. If Elder Ling wants to make things difficult for you, even the Sect Lord may have a hard time judging the case.” Bai Yunfei said quietly.
“Thank you, Senior Bai. Looks like I’ve alarmed quite a few people.”
In Feng Ming Mountain, Nine Star Peak, the Sect Lord Grand Hall.
Within the Grand Hall, a middle-aged man donning a long green robe sat on the chief’s seat. The man’s demeanour was calm, his gaze was sharp, and he gave off a powerful aura. His robe was without accessories, but his aura caused others to be unable to look at him directly.
This person is the Lord of Profound Feng Sect, Xuan Qingfeng! A Heavenly God expert. Jiang Chen could feel the same feeling he got from this person the first time he met Ling Yun and the Profound Ice Azure Dragon.
Beside him, there were four people, each emitting an exceptional aura too.
“Reporting to the Sect Lord, Jiang Chen has been brought upon.” Lei Li said respectfully.
Xuan Qingming waved his hand, signalling Lei Li go away.
“This matter is related to two inner sect disciples. One of them is Elder Ling’s named disciple. You, this outer sect little fellow, plead guilty?” Xuan Qingfeng said and gave Jiang Chen an invisible pressure.
“Gu Wanfeng harassed his fellow disciples and brought trouble to others. Moreover, he kept forcing me to give him my pill formula, because he couldn’t stand seeing me earning through selling my pills. He further pressured me with killing intent, trying to kill me. I exercised forbearance over and over, but it’s a pity that he stubbornly persisted. When I asked for his pill formula, he said I’m shameless, but when he asked for my pill formula, it’s perfectly justified. Such a bastard is truly shameless. Why should I not kill him? He’ll just stain the good name of Profound Feng Sect. I think the Sect Lord will be impartial. Fellow Elders will not judge with prejudice, right.” Jiang Chen said, neither arrogant nor servile.
“Such a disciple within the inner sect… he has talent but without virtue, what’s the use of his existence? But in my eyes, he doesn’t even have talent. Heh. ” Jiang Chen’s words stunned everyone.
Such an arrogant fellow, to say that the number one inner sect alchemist was without talent and virtue. Such an opinion was rare.
“Bullsh*t. Even though Gu Wanfeng is just my named disciple, I know all about his character. This fellow killed two disciples and ignored the sect rules, how could we let him go? Wouldn’t the sect be in turmoil if we do so.” A long bearded old man coldly said.
This person was the prominent Alchemist Elder Ling Zhongqiang.
“In this case, then, this elder does not need to question me. You can ask the other disciples and the answer will be known. Senior Bai was there too, he knew about what had happened from the beginning until the end. If the Sect Lord does not believe me, you can ask Senior Bai.” Jiang Chen smiled as if he completely disregarded Elder Ling.
Those with justifiable reason can go anywhere in the world. He believed that the Profound Feng Sect was not a place without reason. Moreover, Jiang Chen could see that the Heavenly God expert, Xuan Qingming, was not a fatuous person.
“You are Bai Yunfei of the outer sect, right?” Xuan Qingming looked at Bai Yunfei.
“The fact is the same as what Jiang Chen had said. Senior Brother Gu Wanfeng was bullying others with his prestige, moreover, he wanted to kill the others and steal their goods. He was killed because of he’s weak. Moreover, his words were vile, and he even attempted to kill Jiang Chen many times. This was truly Senior Gu’s fault.”
“Bullsh*t!”
Ling Zhongqiang suddenly stood up and coldly looked at Jiang Chen and Bai Yunfei with killing intent.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2244 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2245


Chapter 2245 Jiang Chen, do you fear me?
Bai Yunfei’s words evoked the people present to clamor. Everyone frowned besides Xuan Qingming. Because this issue has a polarised opinion. Ling Zhongqiang wanted revenge for his disciple. Naturally, he did not want to be on the side of justice, Jiang Chen’s side. Moreover, it’ll put his disciple down.
Even though Gu Wanfeng was still not his disciple, in his heart, he had already accepted him. He wanted to train Gu Wanfeng to become stronger, hence, he made him a named disciple. But, without the knowledge of anyone, Gu Wanfeng was his favourite disciple, and he was killed by Jiang Chen. How could he not be pained?
The other elders did not dare to speak much. After, Ling Zhongqiang’s position wasn’t just there to be seen. Who would dare to go against him? Those that do will not benefit from it.
Great Elder Yan Jun looked at Jiang Chen coldly. He did not know why but he instinctively did not like this fellow. Jiang Chen did not look like a good person. Moreover, he was disrespectful towards his elders. He’s not even afraid of the Sect Lord. One could say that a ‘young bull does not fear the tiger,’ one could even say it’s disrespectful.
“This fellow, I see he’s quite proud and arrogant. His words could be ignored.” Yan Jun sneered and looked at Jiang Chen.
Even though he did not fear Ling Zhongqiang, he didn’t need to be on bad terms with the latter. Since they were all elders of the sect, he still needed to be on Ling Zhongqiang’s side.
“Many thanks to the Great Elder’s impartial judgement.” Ling Zhongqiang said with a smile.
The others too echoed in agreement. Only Xuan Qingfeng was silent, but the fact was that it was pointless to ask Bai Yunfei. The others even started to group up with the Great Elder and Elder Ling.
“Supporting you meant being impartial? I ask the Sect Lord, what impartial judgement is? Just from the words of the Great Elder and all the wrongs are pinned onto me?” Jiang Chen sneered, towards the Great Elder and Ling Zhongqiang without fear.
At this moment, Jiang Chen was not planning on backing down. He silently resisted the Great Elder’s pressure while clenching his teeth.
“Are you doubting me?!” Yan Jun shouted with an ear-splitting voice.
Even Lei Li who was standing beside Jiang Chen frowned. The Great Elder’s temper was quite short. The Sect Lord was still there and yet he got angry, as if he’s the one controlling the whole situation. This made him, a man of the Law Enforcement Hall, disagree on the Great Elder’s behaviour. In his point of view, Jiang Chen may not be wrong, but it’s a pity that he had offended two elders, Yan Jun and Ling Zhongqiang.
“I am not doubting you, I simply do not believe you. The Sect Lord is here, what qualification do you have to kick up a fuss? Are you trying to revolt? The Great Elder is powerful, of course I do not dare to go against you. But you’re blatantly ignoring the Sect Lord, is that even proper?.” Jiang Chen said coldly.
“What a cocky kid, running your mouth. To think you dare slander me, in this Profound Feng Sect, nobody had dared to speak to me in this manner!”
“Not even the Sect Lord? Looks like you’re disregarding the Sect Lord, is that not enough?”
Jiang Chen’s words caused Yan Jun to be at loss for words. This fellow was persistent, making him so angry he had to kill someone.
“You!”
“Enough. This matter will be for another time.” Xuan Qingming said.
As the Sect Lord, his single word managed to quiet down the Great Elder.
Even though what Jiang Chen said was just pushing responsibility away, his words were not without reason. The Great Elder was forceful along the way and completely disregarded the Sect Lord and this was the truth. Xuan Qingfeng will not be swayed by the words of others, but the Great Elder was a bit too much.
“Sect Lord. I do not have such intentions. I hope the Sect Lord will not listen to the defamation of a despicable disciple.” Yan Jun said.
He could’ve not said those words but in order to not make Xuan Qingfeng be wary of him, he needed to speak up since the sect lord might take it to heart. If the Sect Lord took in what Jiang Chen had said, then he’ll be in big trouble.
“I know that the Great Elder does everything for the sake of the sect.” Xuan Qingming looked at Yan Jun and smiled.
“Jiang Chen, I’m going to ask you. Your hand-seal is filled with the Qi of death, why is that? Why is it that Gu Wanfeng said that you’re a spy and then you killed him? This should be fact, right. Bai Yunfei, is it correct?”
“Yes, then……” Bai Yunfei hesitated.
But it was the truth. Jiang Chen did not blame Bai Yunfei, because he was only stating the fact.
Lei Li’s gaze was cold, like a blade of ice. He looked at Jiang Chen and took a step forward and said:
“Sect Lord, according to Lei Li, this Jiang Chen is not a despicable man, he’s an honest person.”
“I was being framed again and again, and he even tried to kill me several times. I ask the Sect Lord, is it wrong for me to kill that person? Is this how an inner sect senior should act? Bullying their juniors? I did not want to become enemies with him, but he was persistent and wanted to rob me off my pill formula, truly shameless to the core. I am doing justice by killing him. As for that Qi of death, it was just one of my techniques. Could one be judged as a traitor for just that reason? As for killing others for the sake of silencing him, it is just preposterous. I even dare to face the Sect Lord, that means that I have a clear conscience. I plead the sect lord to judge impartially.”
Jiang Chen’s words were fervent and his expression was proud, it wasn’t an act. Each word was a fact, at least Jiang Chen was really of clear conscience. Otherwise, how could he speak with such clarity and confidence?
Bai Yunfei looked at Jiang Chen with extreme admiration. This fellow is truly proud. He could even be this confident when he’s facing the Sect Lord.
“This fellow is just quibbling. He killed Gu Wanfeng when he said he was a spy of the sect. Isn’t that too much of a coincidence?” Ling Zhongqiang sneered and said.
“Jiang Chen, are you not afraid of me?” Xuan Qingming said and looked at Jiang Chen.
Everyone shuddered. They never expect the Sect Lord to unleash such a powerful pressure.
But none of them expected that Jiang Chen would be this fearless. Moreover, he looked unfazed by the Sect Lord’s pressure, as if it did not have any effect. The expression of those Late True God Elders became solemn, the prestige of the Sect Lord was nothing to scoff at.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2245 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2246


Chapter 2246  It is Very Good to be Respectful and have no Fear
“Why should I be afraid of the Sect Lord? It’s not like the Sect Lord is going to eat me alive. You’re the lord of the sect who possesses tremendous strength, virtue and excellence. A model of our sect that we strive to learn and emulate. If there’s a crisis that would fall onto the sect, you’ll be the one standing in front to protect us. I only have respect and have no fear towards the Sect Lord. I do things in an upright and honest manner, strict according to the rules, and with clear conscience. Why should I be afraid? An honorable man can live freely but a despicable man lives in fear.” Jiang Chen said with a righteous aura.
He definitely had a clear conscience. Hence, he went against Xuan Qingming but he also believed that Xuan Qingming was an impartial Sect Lord. After all, Xuan Qingming’s gloominess and coldness were not fake. Such a person will definitely not be swayed by calumny. Hence, Jiang Chen dared to be ‘disrespectful’.
Xuan Qingming’s eyes were cold as he gazed at Jiang Chen. Everyone else was holding their breath, because they were waiting for the Sect Lord to punish Jiang Chen. To speak to the lord with such tone. Isn’t he digging his own grave?
“Let’s see how long you can keep up this farce.” Yan Jun thought and looked at Jiang Chen with disdain.
Bai Yunfei sighed. This fellow is truly obnoxious. Looks like the Heaven’s favourite is going to fall today.
“Very good. Hahaha. Lad, I like you. You’re the first young man that dared to be this arrogant towards me, but also the most talented one. Killing two Half-step True God inner sect disciples while just being a Mid Void God. Truly extraordinary. It’s totally their own fault that they receive such an end. What you said and what I’ve heard are aligned. As for whether you’re loyal, I have my own thoughts about it.” Xuan Qingming’s words made everyone shocked and their jaws drop.
That’s all? Moreover, he even complimented Jiang Chen, citing that he’s young and promising. Isn’t this too hasty?
Great Elder Yan Jun and Ling Zhongqiang were extremely depressed by the result. They could not accept it.
Ling Zhongqiang was the most depressed. He was Gu Wanfeng’s master. If he could not even get Jaing Chen for Gu Wanfeng’s death now, how could he face his fellow elders in the future? How could he stand his ground in the sect?
“Sect Lord. Isn’t this too lenient? Is that all? After killing Gu Wanfeng and Huang Bin?!” Ling Zhongqiang said.
“Then, what do you want? A Half-Step True God inner sect disciple lost against a Mid Void God outer sect disciple. I only have three words for him. Serves him right.” Xuan Qingfeng’s words were extremely indifferent.
Xuan Qingfeng was displeased with Ling Zhongqiang and the Great Elder joining hands together. Moreover, it was not Jiang Chen’s fault.
“You can go and understand the whole matter from top to bottom. Gu Wanfeng was the one who pushed Jiang Chen into a corner with killing intent, which ended up to this result. As for how Jiang Chen’s conduct is, I have my own decision about it.”
Ling Zhongqiang’s expression was gloomy. But since the Sect Lord has made it clear, he could no longer continue. Otherwise, he would be going against the lord.
Whereas Yan Jun was resting with his eyes closed. He was very unhappy with the result; in addition to his grandson being killed not too long ago, he was extremely depressed. At this moment, he no longer has anything to say. But he still thinks that this Jiang Chen was something different. Moreover, he doesn’t like the kid, deep down in his heart.
“Many thanks, Sect Lord.” Jiang Chen thanked the Sect Lord’s impartial decision.
Whereas the ‘Lad, I like you’ made everyone understand that the Sect Lord was more than impartial, he liked Jiang Chen. As one of the few old fellows of the sect, they understood the meaning of the Sect Lord and would think twice on whether to mess with the kid.
The only ones that were displeased were Ling Zhongqiang and Yan Jun.
“Leave this place. You can try for the Hidden Secret Realm that is going to open soon. The top 10 of the inner sect and top 3 of the outer sect. If you can beat any of them, then you’ll be qualified to enter the Hidden Secret Realm. Little fellow, do not disappoint me. Hehe.” Xuan Qingfeng said with a faint smile.
Jiang Chen then turned and disappeared from the Grand Hall. But he could feel two sharp gazes falling onto him, it was probably Great Elder Yan Jun and Elder Alchemist Ling Zhongqiang.
Thinking back on the Hidden Secret Realm, Jiang Chen’s eyes suddenly shone brightly. He needed to get a spot to enter it. It’ll surely be a great place of trial for them.
Jiang Chen smiled and did not think further. These two would be opposing him sooner or later. This Great Elder is the grandfather of Yan Feng, whereas Ling Zhongqiang is Gu Wanfeng’s master. This debt will surely not be simply forgone.
Outside of the Grand Hall, Jiang Chen looked at Lei Li with a smile.
“Thank you, Hall Master Lei. I’ve received your help on today’s matter.”
“I am just stating facts. Everyone in the inner sect knows who Gu Waneng is. But he’s fake as hell, if it wasn’t for Elder Li protecting him, I bet many people would’ve challenged him. You have helped the inner sect do a favour by killing such a scum.” Lei Li said with a cold expression.
Although he looked like an unsociable man, Jiang Chen could see he was a man of justice. Otherwise, he wouldn’t have supported him.
“Senior Brother Bai, thank you.”
“I am also just stating the fact.” Bai Yunfei waved his hands, not wanting to take Jiang Chen’s thanks.
Moreover, this Jiang Chen was now in line with him. His prestige as a senior brother doesn’t apply to Jiang Chen anymore.
“Sometimes, speaking the truth is not easy. You all have to take care.”
Lei Li was about to leave but was stopped by Jiang Chen:
“Hall Master Lei, can I speak with you privately for a second?”
Lei Li frowned, not knowing what Jiang Chen wanted.
“I still have things to do, I shall take my leave. Brother Jiang, if you face any trouble in the future, come and look for me.” Bai Yunfei was tactful, and said goodbye to Jiang Chen and left.
“Hall Master Lei, are you harassed by lightning poison?”
Jiang Chen’s words made Lei Li’s gaze focus on Jiang Chen.
“I could feel some instability within your body. Moreover, you’re unable to control that lightning energy within your body. At this moment, that lightning energy had changed into a lightning poison. You’re probably in pain now, right?”
“Lad, your eyes are quite crafty. What do you mean?” Lei Li said but his eyes gave off a hint of shock.
This fellow’s eyes are too sly. To think that he’s able to see through the injury within my body. Moreover, he did not mention this to anyone, that the lightning poison within my body was really terrorizing me.
“I have a way to eliminate the lightning poison that lies within your body.” Jiang Chen said with a smile.
“What did you say?”
Lei Li’s eyes became wide open as he looked at Jiang Chen with disbelief. A Mid True God expert like him was helpless against this lightning poison, not even Ling Zhongqiang could do anything against it. To think this kid could cure this poison?
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2246 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2247


The Clue of the Lightning Essence
“Are you sure you can be responsible for what you just said?”
Lei Li said each word slowly and clearly, because this was a serious matter. To think that a Mid Void God disciple could say such a thing. If this was anyone else, Lei Li would’ve given the other a big fat slap. But Jiang Chen’s deeds were just truly shocking. Moreover, his face was convincing, as if he was not joking.
“If you can help me eliminate the lightning poison within my body. Then, I, Lei Li, will be forever grateful towards you.” Lei Li looked into Jiang Chen’s eyes with slight expectation.
“Hall Master Lei doesn’t need to be so formal. Why would I do so much if you didn’t help me? A good person will have good karma. Rest assured, leave everything to me.”
“Then…… Many thanks.”
Lei Li wasn’t pretentious. Although he was slightly hesitant since he did not know whether Jiang Chen could really help him eliminate the lightning poison.
The duo went to Lei Li’s cave. Jiang Chen’s expression was solemn. He took Lei Li’s wrist and a pure Five Elemental True Fire entered Lei Li’s body. The lightning inside Lei Li’s has devastated his body heavily, causing him to be in excruciating pain.
This bizzare lightning energy instantly retreated when it was met with Jiang Chen’s Five Elemental True Fire. Lightning and Fire could never coexist. Especially with the Five Elemental True Fire, as if the lightning energy was in an extreme shock, it then quickly retreated and bunched up together.
Jiang Chen sneered. It looks like this lightning energy has consciousness. But it stood no chance when it ran into his Five Elemental True Fire. That lightning energy wanted to leech onto Lei Li’s body, but it never thought that Jiang Chen’s flames were incomparably wild. The lightning energy could not withstand any of the flames. The Five Elemental True Fire had forced the terrifying lightning energy to weaken quickly and was purified by the flame.
“Still thinking of running away? Let’s see where you’re going to run.” Jiang Chen shouted.
The Five Elemental True Fire completely seeped into Lei Li’s body. Lei Li was in extreme pain from the lightning and fire intertwining in his body. The pain was unimaginable. Moreover, the Five Elemental True Fire was fiercer than the lightning poison. Lei Li’s body would’ve been destroyed if it wasn’t for Jiang Chen protecting him.
Seconds and minutes gone by, Lei Li was getting struck by different types of pain. But he could feel the lightning poison within his body getting weaker and smaller.
“Disappear completely!”
Along with Jiang Chen’s roar, the Five Elemental True Fire completely engulfed the lightning energy within Lei Li’s body, the lightning poison was completely eliminated.
Lei Li shivered. As if he had just gone through seven days and seven nights of battle, his body was devoid of energy. The flame had purified the lightning energy within his body. A blue light was then emitted from his body and vanished into the void. Jiang Chen’s gaze suddenly lit up as if he just thought of something.
“With great fortune I was able to accomplish this mission. ” Jiang Chen said with a smile.
“I never thought you’re this great. Looks like I have underestimated you. This gratitude shall forever be remembered.” Lei Li was pale, his body was weakened to the extreme. But he was pretty happy.
The lightning poison that was leeching in his body for over fifty years was completely cured. The pain he had suffered for the past 50 years was too much.
Jiang Chen was like a saviour sent from the Heavens. Ling Zhongqiang couldn’t even do anything towards that poison. To think that Jiang Chen was able to do it. Lei Li was in complete disbelief. But at this moment, he was extremely excited.
“It’s okay. Hall Master Lei.” Jiang Chen waved his hands.
“Oh right. Why are you haunted by that Lightning Poison?” Jiang Chen asked Lei Li.
“Haih. That Lightning Poison. It’s because of my greed. Heh heh. That was fifty years ago. I was undergoing a trial outside the sect and found a sea of lightning in a tall grand canyon, it caught my attention and I decided to explore it. But what I didn’t expect was that I almost lost my life there.” Lei Li sighed.
He had aged tremendously after the event. He suffered from the lightning poison for so many years. This suffering was not known by others, only he knew how much pain he was in.
“You must have tried to make that lightning your own. But in the end, you found out that the lightning energy was not something you can control, right?” Jiang Chen said seriously.
“You could even see through that. Looks like you have completely seen through me.” Lei Li smiled bitterly.
The scheme he thought of was naturally good but pity that he doesn’t have the ability to execute it.
“Even though you’re born with a lightning body, you still couldn’t withstand such a powerful lightning energy. Moreover, the lightning poison within your body had a shred of consciousness. I think it’s more terrifying that you managed to meet that lightning.” Jiang Chen’s words made Lei Li open up his eyes widely again.
This fellow is truly shocking. As if he was there on the scene. Lei Li did not tell this thing to others and kept it safe in his heart. Since it was not a great thing to be told. Plus, that lightning energy was terrifying and had a shred of consciousness. It could not be bound within the heavens and earth, and that was the most shocking part.
“You’re right. I never thought you knew so much about it. That terrifying lightning, even though its blue in colour, its essence is red. It is truly mysterious. When I found it in the tall grand canyon, it was by chance. The place was rare for people to tread into. It was a place of death. But all of a sudden, a terrifying lightning struck on the peak of the mountain, it was a shocking sight to behold. Pity, I was too greedy and almost paid for it with my own life. Only then did I realise that I could not control that lightning energy. That lightning energy may have surpassed the strength of a Heavenly God. Even though it was incomplete, it should be near completion. That mysterious item born from the heavens and earth was truly blessed by the Heavens, compared to humans.”
Looking at Lei Li, Jiang Chen could imagine how terrifying the lightning energy was.
“If it wasn’t for that, I could have reached the Late Void God Realm. Now that the lightning poison is gone, I have finally been rid of one obstruction. Hahaha. ”
Lei Li’s expression was pleased. The usual coldness he had was gone without a trace.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2247 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2248


Chapter 2248 Yan Jun’s anger
“This grand canyon you spoke of, where is that?” Jiang Chen asked seriously.
Lei Li’s expression instantly sunk. How could he not see through Jiang Chen’s thought? This fellow must’ve been eyeing the lightning essence. But his strength was still too weak. Even though the Five Elemental True Fire could defend against it, it could not subdue the lightning essence. Moreover, even a True God with a lightning body still failed and almost died due to it. No matter how talented Jiang Chen was, it would be hard for him to succeed.
“It is not a fun place to be. I advise you not to go there.”
“Since you know what I am thinking then you should know what type of person I am. Nobody, not even the Profound Feng Sect could subdue me.” Jiang Chen said with a smile.
“Not even the Sect Lord?”
“Currently, he probably can. But in the future, I will surely surpass him.” Jiang Chen’s answer stunned Lei Li and he subsequently laughed.
“A young bull does not fear a tiger. You’ll certainly be a great figure in the future. I have great expectations for you. Haha. I would be afraid of you if you reached the True God Realm.”
Jiang Chen did not refute Lei Li’s words, he only smiled in return. He would not even be scared of Lei Li if he goes all out. Of course, Lei Li would not do it.
“I know. I cannot stop you. But I hope you will not go to that place without having complete confidence. It’ll be great if you succeed. But if you fail, you’ll lose your life there and then. It’s not child’s play.”
“I understand.”
As if Lei Li was reminiscing, his expression became cautious. That lightning essence left a big scar in his heart.
“The grand canyon is between the Deer Mourn Mountain and Thousand Cauldrons Mountain. I will not tell you how far it is from here, but it’ll take you at least over a year to reach that place. If you need it, I can draw the map for you. That nameless lightning essence is a thing of the purest yang that is born from the heavens and earth, and feeds on the essence of the environment to grow. It’s not something that could be taken by an average person. If it weren’t for my lightning body, I wouldn’t have the balls to try it. Yet, at last, my lightning body is but a joke in front of that lightning essence.”
Lei Li sighed. But the past has already passed. He could finally walk away from the past that had troubled him for so long. It’s just that he did not want Jiang Chen to follow his footsteps.
“Thank you for the reminder, Hall Master Lei.”
“You’re welcome. I am just older than you by a few years, call me Brother Lei in the future. You have saved my life and I know it. I will not live for another 10 years if it weren’t for you.”
“Haha, Brother Lei is too courteous. Then, I shall take my leave.”
“Very well. I will map out the path towards the grand canyon for you in the future.”
Lei Li looked at Jiang Chen’s slowly disappearing figure and sighed. He hoped that Jiang Chen would not do anything reckless. Since it’s not something to be done in a hasty manner. That lightning essence is a mysterious treasure born from the heavens and earth, he too did not dare to attempt to take it anymore. Something that was born from the environment… if one could really devour it, wouldn’t it too heaven defying?
Feng Xi Mountain, within Yan Jun’s cave. Yan Jun was quietly meditating and cultivating. He then suddenly opened his eyes and his expression became extremely gloomy.
“To think you dare to come to Profound Feng Sect?! Let me see what you are!” Yan Jun roared furiously.
His voice reverberated as far as 1000 li, to the whole Feng Xi Mountain. A dozen or so elders could feel the anger of the Great Elder. As for the reason, they do not want to know about it. It’s probably due to the death of his grandson that had just happened recently.
“Since you’re in Profound Feng Sect, I will not give you the chance to leave here alive. To think you would come to this place yourself. You better hope that I do not catch you.” Yan Jun’s expression was hideous and his whole body trembled in anger.
All of a sudden, he could feel the energy of the Five Elemental True Fire that murdered his grandson. Hence, he was especially sensitive towards it. Now that the flame has appeared, he must find out who was it that killed his grandson.
However, as he was searching for the trace of the Five Elemental True Fire, the energy of the flame suddenly disappeared.
“Where? Where? Where is it?!!!”
Yan Jun stood on the sky with unquenchable anger. The energy of the Five Elemental True Fire could not be found anymore. He finally found a clue but it suddenly disappeared.
“I cannot accept this! I’ll find you even if I need to dig three inches deep into the ground. Since you are already in Profound Feng Sect, I will definitely not let you go.”
After Jiang Chen went back to the outer sect, a huge commotion was once again raised. No one had ever thought that Jiang Chen could come back with his life intact after killing two famous inner sect disciples. They all thought that Jiang Chen would be punished and be killed to set an example. But it looks like they were wrong.
Countless people were guessing and speculating on the identity of Jiang Chen. He had also become one of the most talked-about people throughout the sect after murdering two inner sect disciples. Moreover, he even defeated Gu Wanfeng in the arts of alchemy. He was now a famous person within the sect, everyone knew that there was a Jiang Chen in the outer sect. He possessed pretty powerful abilities, with exceptional skill in alchemy. In just a short amount of time, Jiang Chen became one of the most sought after person in the whole Profound Feng Sect.
“It’ll be time to enter the Hidden Secret Realm after a few days. Who do you plan to challenge?”
Bai Yunfei came to Jiang Chen’s cave. Even though he had a gist of who Jiang Chen was going to choose, he still wanted to check what Jiang Chen’s choice was.
“Li Huo Demon Yan Cheng!” Jiang Chen said.
“I’ve guessed it. But you better not look down on that fellow. Yan Cheng is not your average guy since he’s able to become one of the best in the outer sect. He’s probably on par with the top 10 experts of the inner sect. I could barely defeat Gu Wanfeng and Huang Bin. But it would be hard for me to get into the top 10 of the inner sect. But this Yan Cheng is different, he had the qualification to enter the inner sect a long time ago but he did not choose to do so, as he chose to hide his strength. He should already be a Half-Step True God. You should understand right.” Bai Yunfei said in a serious tone.
“Since you’ve said so much, I am starting to become worried. Why don’t I challenge you? It seems to be much easier.”
“Nevermind. I think you should challenge Yan Cheng.” Bai Yunfei rolled his eyes and said.
“Hahaha. Great. Rest assured. I am just a single step away from the Late Void God Realm.”
Jiang Chen had absorbed over 100,000 Mid Grade Divine Origin Stones recently. However, he still wasn’t able to break through and reach the Late Void God Realm. Those Divine Origin Stones were not useless, it’s just that his body was like a black hole, it couldn’t be filled no matter how many divine stones he absorbed, shocking even Ling Yun. This was her first time seeing it. That amount of Divine Origin Stones could easily raise several outer sect members to be competent. Yet this fellow couldn’t even break through to the Late Void God Realm.
“No matter what, I am optimistic about your result. As long as you don’t challenge me.” Bai Yunfei smiled.
Jiang Chen smiled and thought: This fellow is seriously scared of me challenging him.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2248 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2249


Chapter 2249 Qiyun Mountain Range
“I need to go into seclusion for ten days.”
Ling Yun said and looked at Yue Er for a while. Jiang Chen will need to take care of her. 
“Your strength?”
Jiang Chen looked at Ling Yun, shocked. Ling Yun nodded.
“Even though I might not recover my peak strength, at least this time, I’ll recover a part of my strength.”
Jiang Chen calmed down a little. Now, he won’t be that worried if Yue Er follows her. Moreover, the two of them will leave him in the future and he knew that this day would soon come.
Ling Yun was destined to not stay here. Leaving was just a natural course of action. Moreover, Yue Er following her will certainly allow her a better cultivation environment, something that was much better than he can imagine. Ling Yun’s peak condition could probably be on par against the Sect Lord of Profound Feng Sect. If so, her sect must be extremely strong. Without a doubt.
“Rest assured. I’ll take care of Yue Er in the meantime.”
“I am not a child anymore. I don’t need you guys to look after me day and night.” Yue Er pouted.
She’s currently at the Ninth Grade Immortal Sovereign realm. Her talent is starting to show, but she’ll need Ling Yun’s help when she reaches the Void God Realm to build a better foundation.
Jiang Chen too did not dawdle. He was going to challenge Li Huo Demon Yan Cheng a few days later. Hence, he planned to enter the Deer Mourn Mountain to cultivate and practice against some beasts.
At this moment, Bai Yunfei arrived.
“We’re thinking of going to a place to search for Fire Spirit Lizard, are you interested?  The one who organised this mission is Yang Jian, our outer sect Great Senior Brother. I think you’ve seen him when you entered the sect.”
“Great. I wanted to go to Deer Mourn Mountain too, nice. Haha.”
Jiang Chen and Bai Yunfei agreed and went to meet Yang Jian. There were two others beside him. The number 6th and 9th of the outer sect Hundred Battle Ranking who were at the Late and Peak Void God Realm, respectively. Bai Yunfei was in the Half-Step True God Realm. Whereas, Yang Jian’s strength could be described as unpredictable. It was told that those that could beat him within the inner sect would not be more than 3-5 people.
“Senior Brother Yang.”
Jiang Chen looked at the two beside Yang Jian as the five gathered at the foot of Deer Mourn Mountain.
“Jiang Chen. Not bad. You have become a celebrity in both the inner and outer sect.” Yang Jian smiled. Jiang Chen still couldn’t see through what Yang Jian was thinking.
“Senior Brother Yang flatters me. Hehe. These are… ?”  Jiang Chen smiled.
“Xue Rengang.”
“Tan Shanhe.”
The two of them smiled at Jiang Chen. Now that Jiang Chen had killed Huang Bin and Gu Wanfeng of the inner sect, they weren’t arrogant towards Jiang Chen even though they were seniors of the outer sect. They would probably lose against Jiang Chen if they were to fight him too.
Moreover, one’s strength dictates everything!
“We’ll probably take 10 to 30 days for this trip. The Hidden Secret Realm would’ve been opened after we come back. We must not waste anymore time. We need to come back fast no matter if we succeed or fail.  The Qiyun Mountain Range within the Deer Mourn Mountain is our destination and it’ll five days to reach it. That place is not under the jurisdiction of Profound Feng Sect anymore. A friendly reminder, think before you act, do not act recklessly.” Yang Jian solemnly said.
“I’ve got news that someone spotted the Fire Spirit Lizard in the Qiyun Mountain Range. Therefore, this time our target is the True God Realm Fire Spirit Lizard. I hope fellow brothers will lend me a hand. I, Yang Jian, will not treat everyone badly.”
“Alright. Let’s depart now. Depart early and return early.” Bai Yunfei smilingly said.
The five of them departed towards the Qiyun Mountain Range.
The Deer Mourn Mountain was vast, reaching billions of Li. Qiyun Mountain Range was but a small mountain range at the west of the Profound Feng Sect. But it was outside of the sect’s jurisdiction. Profound Feng Sect’s land covers 100,000 li, it was not a small area, but also not too big. This Qiyun Mountain Range was within the area of Lotus Cloud Sect where all of its members are all women. The Sect Lord was one of the powerful experts in Deer Mourn Mountain, even stronger than Xuan Qingming.
Deer Mourn Mountain was but a 1/100 the size of the boundary area. Jiang Chen gasped in awe after he looked down from above, that ever-stretching Deer Mourn Mountain was truly a sight to behold. This Divine World was far far far too big. He had yet to walk out of this small mountain, much less the boundary river, Lone Dragon County, Northern Cold Divine Region, Central Region Divine Land…
The path he had to take was very, very long; it was just the start.
The greenery of Deer Mourn Mountain was lush. Qiyun Mountain Range was just a part of Deer Mourn Mountain but even so it was still vast.
The group really took five days to reach the Qiyun Mountain Range.
Lush greeneries, ice glacier covering thousand li, snowy weather, the scenery was a wonder.
“Truly a beautiful icy mountain and snowy region. With ancient trees, lush greeneries, snows, plum trees blooming in four seasons. Compared to our Profound Feng Sect, the scenery here is refreshing.”
Bai Yunfei said. Whilst holding a foldable fan in his hand, he looked elegant and relaxed, he was calm compared to the others as he was enjoying the beautiful scenery.
Jiang Chen silently nodded. This was truly a beautiful place—a boundless snow region, bountiful greenery that  could survive under this cold weather. Mysterious trees that grew within the Divine World.
“We’ve finally arrived at Qiyun Mountain Range.” Yang Jian breathed out a sigh of relief.
They did not expect that it’ll be this tiring to rush their journey. However, Jiang Chen, who looked like the weakest of them all, was the least tired one amongst the people in the group. One could see how powerful he was.
*Arwoo…* 
A wolf howl reverberated across the Qiyun Mountain Range. On the peak of the 8000 metre mountain, the glacier and snow trembled. As if an avalanche could happen anytime.
After that, a dozen wolf howls sounded, without stopping.
“Let’s move. Be careful. The beasts here are quite scary. I wonder why the Fire Spirit Lizard came to the Ice Field of the Qiyun Mountain Range.” Yang Jian said quietly.
“There are people there!”
A powerful divine energy shock could be felt, as if someone was fighting somewhere else and it’s not just a person or two.
“Let’s go and check it out.” Yang Jian looked at Jiang Chen. The five of them quickly rushed towards the site.
A three zhang tall wild boar was spotted duking out with a dozen of girls. The beast’s strength was extremely terrifying, not even the dozen or so people could put a dent against it.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2249 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2250


Chapter 2250 The Girl Favored by the Heavens
“Who are those people?” Jiang Chen asked with a frown.
These dozen or so women were quite strong, all of them were at the Late Void God Realm. Yet they couldn’t do a thing against that giant wild boar.
“Looking at their clothes. They ought to be from the Lotus Cloud Sect.” Bai Yunfei said quietly.
“Yes. Those people should be trying to hunt that Wild Boar King. Obviously, they came prepared.” Yang Jiang nodded.
“This Wild Boar King is quite powerful. Even though it’s not at the True God Realm, it’s almost at that level.” Jiang Chen couldn’t help but sigh.
That terrifyingly giant beast was unfazed under the women’s barrage of attacks. Truly a genuine Wild Boar King. However, those dozen or so people were prepared to use their strongest technique to kill it.
“That must be a Hei Yan Boar. A beast with low intelligence but it’s not weak. Moreover, this beast was born from the heavens and earth, it absorbed the essence of nature, its strength stronger than human cultivators. This Wild Boar King’s actual combat strength should be at the level of the True God Realm. They’re hunting this Hei Yan Boar to eat it and improve their cultivation. After all, the meat of a Hei Yan Boar is much more precious than a Divine Origin Stone. One’s strength will surely increase tremendously after consuming its meat. ” Yang Jian said solemnly.
“There are still differences between True God Realm and Void God Realm. This group of people may not be able to take down this Wild Boar King.” Yang Jian’s words made Jiang Chen’s heart slightly shaken.
These people were strong, but so is the Wild Boar King.
“This means they’re a bunch of boar hunters. But they could probably become food for those boars too. Haha.” Jiang Chen said with a laugh.
Bai Yunfei and Yang Jian were slightly stunned.
“You’re right. Either you kill or get killed by the boar.” Tan Shanhe said after a big laugh.
“Who’s spying?! Come out!”
A loud shout could be heard. A girl holding a steel blade stood proudly and slashed towards their location. A flash of light could be seen and the surrounding dozen or so ancient trees were instantly decimated. If it weren’t for Jiang Chen and the gang’s quick reaction, they would’ve become a pile of ash too.
“Such an overbearing girl.” Jiang Chen sneered.
She was going all out, and was planning to take their lives.
A snow-robed girl, who moved with the wind, stood on the air with vigour. She looked truly exquisite, cold and beautiful; with long black hair that could make the people under the heavens in awe!
“No matter who you all are, get out of Qiyun Mountain Range. Otherwise, we’ll kill you without mercy!” The snow-robed girl saidm, her voice was like a hellish god of slaughter, without a shade of mercy.
“My name is Yang Jian, Profound Feng Sect Outer ’ Great Disciple! We’re not here to bring trouble to your sect. We’re here to gain experience. Five days tops. We’ll leave Qiyun Mountain Range and will not stay any longer.” Yang Jian said with a solemn expression.
They were here to search for the Fire Spirit Lizard and not to seek trouble. Especially since they were facing the local overlord Lotus Cloud Sect, who were not someone they could mess with.
“Profound Feng Sect? You guys are here for the Dragon Balls too?”
The snow-robed girl was arrogant while talking with her back towards Jiang Chen and his team.
“Dragon Balls? No, no, no. We’re only here for the Fire Spirit Lizard. We’ll leave after we’ve caught the lizard and will not cause any trouble for your sect. I hope the fairy permits.”
Yang Jian’s expression was respectful and with a faint infatuation in his eyes. He had never seen such a beautiful and elegant woman who’s like a peerless fairy.
“In this case, get out of Qiyun Mountain Range in five days and I shall not prod further.” The snow-robed girl said and left, rushing straight towards the Wild Boar King.
“This girl should be in the supreme heavens.” Yang Jian nodded with eyes filled with admiration.
“Extraordinary temperament, but she’s sensible. Something rare in this world.” Bai Yunfei was in agreement, valuing the snow-robed girl.
“If it weren’t for our quick reaction. That girl would’ve already killed us.” Jiang Chen said while rolling his eyes.
It baffled him that these two brothers admire the girl so much. However, after all, a goddess will always have special privilege.
“That was just a misunderstanding. Everyone would do the same if it’s a life-and-death situation. Moreover, our identity was unknown. We cannot blame her.” Yang Jian said quietly.
“You’re right. But what do they mean by Dragon Balls?” Bai Yunfei asked Yang Jian, who was the most knowledgeable amongst the five of them, with his number of excursion training, experience and strength. He was the best amongst them all.
“It should be the Dragon’s Crystal aka Dragon Ball. I’ve read about it in an ancient text. The Dragon Ball is the stuff of legends. Could it be that those Dragon Balls could be found in this mountain range?”
“Looks like our trip this time is a worthwhile trip.” Jiang Chen said with a smile.
“What do you mean?” Bai Yunfei looked at him thoughtfully.
“Since we’ve entered the treasured mountain. How could we go back empty handed?” Jiang Chen asked back.
“This is not a trivial matter, Jiang Chen. Our goal is just the Fire Spirit Lizard. We must quickly get out of this place after getting the Fire Spirit Lizard, nothing more. I got you guys out from the sect, I have the responsibility of bringing you guys back in one piece. This is my principle and mission.” Yang Jian said seriously.
“Alright. I understand, Senior Brother Yang.” Jiang Chen replied after a shrug.
At this moment, the snow-robed girl slashed her steel sword towards the sky. The Wild Boar King’s tusk was cleanly cut and it gave a loud shriek, it then quickly retreated and the dozen or so female cultivators followed up. The snow-robed girl then turned her body and slashed another time, the flash of light could still be seen in ten li radius.
“Such a powerful slash!” Bai Yunfei gasped in awe.
He definitely could not defend against that slash. The snow-robed girl’s strength had shocked them. Not even Yang Jian dared to be tardy and his expression became serious.
“Not bad.” Jiang Chen’s lips curved slightly.
The Wild Boar King couldn’t evade her slash. A sword mark appeared upon its body, and fresh blood flowed from the sword mark. Then, the female disciples followed up and attacked the beast simultaneously. The Wild Boar King then was gravely injured and fell to the ground.
“Such a girl is truly favoured by the Heavens.” Tan Shanhe sighed.
“Yeah. Countless powerful experts are born in this generation. Probably, only Brother Yang Jian could go toe-to-toe against her.” Xue Rengang nodded quietly.
After the Wild Boar King was attacked by the snow-robed girl, it did not have any energy left to retaliate. The prolonged battle between the group and the boar ended after the snow-robed girl unsheathed her sword.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2250 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2251


Chapter 2251 Wind and Snow Starts to Fall, as a big battle is about to start
The group quietly left and disappeared from the snow-robed girl’s eyes. But Jiang Chen wasn’t giving up and no one knew about it. The Dragon Balls were important for him, he had a premonition that after he obtained them, his strength would improve substantially. Moreover, there are nine hollow slots within the Ancestral Dragon pagoda. Those slots might be for those Dragon Balls if he was right.
But Yang Jian was determined to look for the Fire Spirit Lizard. Hence, he’ll have to follow him for the time being.
Jiang Chen looked back and glanced at the Lotus Cloud Sect disciples. He had a premonition that they’ll certainly meet again.
The group searched through the Qiyun Mountain Range for three days but found nothing. However, they found two traces of the lizard passing through the place. It left a big claw mark in this snowy region, which meant that it must be around the mountain range. Moreover, they were not far from it, but they just couldn’t find it.
“We will find that Fire Spirit Lizard.” Yang Jian was confident that he could find the creature.
His strength will certainly have a qualitative change after getting the demonic crystal of the creature. By that time, he’ll certainly reach the top 3 within the inner sect.
But Jiang Chen’s mind was still thinking about that Dragon Ball.
“Why do you look to be in daze for the past two days?” Bai Yunfei asked quietly and looked at Jiang Chen suspiciously.
“Probably it’s the environment here, I didn’t rest well enough.” Jiang Chen gave an excuse and laughed.
“No problem. We’re more than enough to look for the Fire Spirit Lizard. The creature itself is not that strong. According to Senior Yang, that Fire Spirit Lizard is at most at the Early True God Realm.”
“Alright.” Jiang Chen nodded.
The five of them searched through the whole South Eastern part of the Qiyun Mountain Range (300,000 li area) but found nothing.
On the starry night, the moon above the sky showered the glaciers and the environment with elegance. It was a beautiful sight.
The group finally found the trails of the Fire Spirit Lizard in a grand canyon.
“This fellow could be hiding in this canyon.” Yang Jian said, unable to hide his excitement as there were claw marks found around the area.
At this moment, snow fell from the sky but the claw marks of the lizard could not be completely covered.
The blow of the wind was cold, snowflakes rained from the sky, the surrounding was quiet.
“The heavens never let down those who work hard. We’ve finally found it!” Yang Jian was a bit excited.
If they still couldn’t find the Fire Spirit Lizard after a day, they may have to go back empty handed because the Secret Hidden Realm was opening in a few days. Yang Jian would never let go of the chance to enter the Secret Hidden Realm. But even if he was willing to stay, Jiang Chen and Bai Yunfei would be unwilling to dawdle any longer.
“I’ll go scout it out, you guys wait for my signal.” Bai Yunfei said.
“Alright. Please be careful.” Yang Jian reminded.
Bai Yunfei followed the trails of the lizard into the grand canyon.
Snow covered the whole mountain, giving off a feel that a storm was coming.
Jiang Chen could smell something dangerous. This place was a place that was easy to defend, unknowingly, this hidden grand canyon gave him an extreme depressive feeling.
Yang Jian and the others were also extremely serious, none of them dared to take the situation lightly. Even though there wasn’t a battle now, it could happen at any moment.
Half an hour passed. Bai Yunfei finally came out. The trail that the lizard left behind was already gone.
“The Fire Spirit Lizard is inside. But I also spotted a Three Headed Scarlet Flame Snake Dragon, it is much stronger than the lizard. To think these two fellows are living together in harmony. Truly unbelievable.” Bai Yunfei said quietly. His eyes solemn.
“Three Headed Scarlet Flame Snake Dragon. This thing could easily fight against three of us after reaching the True God Realm.” Yang Jian said with incomparable solemness.
He too did not dare to be reckless, the Fire Spirit Lizard was easy to handle but the Three Headed Scarlet Flame Snake Dragon was not.
“So what now? Are we going back?” Jiang Chen shrugged.
That was not his concern. If it’s un-winnable, run away. Plus, he wasn’t willing to risk his life for a single mission. Jiang Chen wasn’t stupid, even if Yang Jian promised them a great reward, he needed to be alive to enjoy it.
“Shanhe, you and Yunfei are the vanguards. Us three will cover you. If there’s a clash, we’ll still be able to retreat.” Yang Jian said.
But Jiang Chen frowned and said: “Wait!”
Jiang Chen squinted his eyes and dazed. His soul energy could feel three different energies flying to their location with high speed. Plus, they were not weak. Jiang Chen’s soul detection could reach farther than others after absorbing 100,000 divine sparks that included the divine soul of a Divine Emperor.
Even though he couldn’t use all of those divine souls, his current divine soul has already reached a terrifying level, not even himself knows what level he has reached.
“What happened?” Bai Yunfei asked.
“Are you sure we’re the only group here?”
“What do you mean?” Yang Jian’s expression changed.
“Yes. I am born sensitive. I dare say that there are three different groups coming to this location fast. Moreover, their target is also in this grand canyon.” Jiang Chen said confidently.
“Are you sure?” Tan Shanhe said quietly, clearly doubtful.
“‘Pursue a narrow gain while neglecting a greater danger.’ Let’s wait, it won’t be a big problem.” Jiang Chen said with a smile.
“Alright. Let’s follow your suggestion. We’ll wait for awhile.”
Sure enough, after five minutes, three groups entered this grand canyon.
One of the group were the people from the Lotus Cloud Sect. That snow-robed girl was leading the group.
“It’s them!” Bai Yunfei looked at Jiang Chen with shock. This fellow is amazing.
“The other two groups of people are strong too. This time, we are probably forced to wait for an opportunity to strike. We’ll get cornered if we simply attack the place.” Yang Jian said quietly.
At this moment, he chose not to act but chose the safest option. Waiting for an opportunity to strike when there’s a chance.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2251 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2252


Chapter 2252
Reaching the Top of the Mountain and Enjoying the View Below
Jiang Chen stared at the faraway snow-robed girl. Other than that, there are two other groups that were not to be trifled with. Yang Jian was sure that they were strong.
They’ll just be fodder if they were to rush out now.
“The three leaders of the group have already reached the True God Realm. Looks like it’ll be a fierce competition.” Bai Yunfei said and looked at Yang Jian solemnly.
His strength should be at the True God Realm…
Yang Jian nodded, assuring Bai Yunfei and the others. Otherwise, if Yang Jian has not reached the True God Realm, then they should just return to the sect because they could not compete against these groups.
No matter if it was the Fire Spirit Lizard or the Three Headed Scarlet Flame Snake Dragon, both of them were strong.
‘Two dogs strive for a bone, and a third runs away with it.’ It was not a bad plan, just that nobody knew who would laugh in the end.
Jiang Chen only had one thought, and that was to obtain the Dragon Ball. Even though he did not know what or how the Dragon Ball looked like, he was sure that it would certainly benefit him. Hence, he will certainly find ways to get it, even if he had to use everything he had.
“Let’s stay quiet, I hope they don’t detect us.” Yang Jian quietly said.
Jiang Chen found the other parties, but the other parties may have not found them.
“Heh heh. Unexpectedly, even the people of the North Western Happy Valley came to liven things up. Hmph hmph hmph.”
A handsome man, wearing only a lower body guard with a cold gaze cold, said with a pale smile. His weapon was a chipped-off blood-coloured battle axe.
“The Shadow Murder Sect has even come, my Happy Valley cannot? What a joke. You think you can hail supreme with your strength? You must be dreaming.”
The men of the Happy Valley said coldly and looked at the man with disdain.
“The two of you have entered the Lotus Cloud Sect area. Now you want to conduct some shady business within our sect’s territory.”Xue Qianying said indifferently.
Her refined demeanour caused others to stick their eyes on her after one look. Especially the men.
“I am from Shadow Murder Sect, Xiao Ying. Nice to mee to you. I’ve heard of the rumours that the Lotus Cloud Sect’s direct disciple, Xue Qianying, is a heavenly beautiful figure. Your reputation precedes you. I couldn’t help taking a few more glances, even for a person like me who has gone through Zen meditation for ten years to quench my pain of lovesickness.” Xiao Ying said in a serious expression and looked at Xue Qingying with a calm expression.
“I concur. Lady Xue is talented and exceptionally beautiful. It would be extremely hard to look for a woman that could be compared to you. I am Liao Bufan of the Happy Valley. Nice to meet you, Lady Xue.” Liao Bufan smiled towards Xue Qianying, it was a smile filled with ambiguous sentiment.
“Since the two of of you know about it. Why do you all presumptuously come to my sect’s territory?” Xue Qianying’s expression was cold, deep within her eyes there was only cold killing intent.
She did not have a favourable impression towards those two. Their intention was obvious—to get the Dragon Ball.
“Hehe. Even though this Qiyun Mountain Range is within the Lotus Cloud Sect’s area, it’s not under the jurisdiction of your sect. Does Miss Xue want to throw us out even if we’re just here to play.” Liao Bufan smiled while fiddling with the hairs in front of his eyes. It was true that he admired Xue Qianying.
“Yeah. It’s not like we’re here to cause trouble in the Qiyun Mountain Range. Why are you so hostile? Lady Xue, isn’t this a kind of fate that we’re able to meet each other here?” Xiao Ying said with a faint smile.
“It’s a pity. It’s not fate that we’re meeting here. In the end, aren’t you all here for the Dragon Ball?” Xue Qianying said in a cold voice. The reason that these people were gathered here was because of the location of the Dragon Ball.
“There’s an ancient saying that only those that are virtuous are worthy of the supreme treasures. Since Lady Xue has already spoken, then there’s no reason for us to cover it up any longer. Yes, we’re all here for the Dragon Ball. Let’s see who’ll be the winner in the end.” Xiao Ying shrugged as he wasn’t trying to hide anything anymore.
The seven people behind Xiao Ying were all Half-Step True Gods. As for Liao Bufan, there were twelve Peak Late Void Gods behind him. The two group’s formation wasn’t weak.
“Haha, then let’s be honest. Whoever has the ability can have the Dragon Ball that appeared here. Agreed?”
Liao Bufan looked at Xiao Ying and Xue Qianying. The three of them stayed away from one another. A divine item like the Dragon Ball appearing in the Qiyun Mountain Range gave Lotus Cloud Sect a complete advantage. But Xue Qianying was shocked to see the people of Happy Valley and Shadow Murder Sect here. She never thought that these fellows received the info pretty fast.
Even though Qiyun Mountain Range was considered to be within the influence of Lotus Cloud Sect, it was several thousand miles away from the sect headquarters. It was not an easy feat for Xue Qianying to lead her group to this location at such a speed, yet the two other sects were able to get here at the same time as them. Xue Qianying had to be wary of the two leaders as they’re not an easy foe.
“A bunch of petty men. They’re all obviously here for the Dragon Ball yet they act like they’re honorable. Even Xue Qianying is the same.” Jiang Chen squinted his eyes and said coldly.
These people obviously do not trust each other and were wary against one another.
“The cruelty and warmth of human relationship, there are many different types of people in this myriads of worlds.” Jiang Chen sneered.
His heart had long seen through all of this. Three lives, three reincarnations, he had gone through many hardships and happiness. The current Jiang Chen was a different man than he was before. His heart had become stronger and firmer. In his eyes, only by standing on top of the mountain can one enjoy the view below.
Jiang Chen believed that he’d reach such a height where others could only look up to.
“Do you think that demonic beast that is guarding the Dragon Ball is weak? Hehe, I suggest that we should all collaborate, what do you think? After beating the guardian beast, then, we’ll see whoever gets the Dragon Ball with their own abilities. ” Liao Bufan smiled.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2252 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2253


Chapter 2253 Fire Spirit Lizard and the Three Headed Scarlet Flame Snake Dragon
“I would really be worried about being eaten if I joined hands with the people of Happy Valley. But Lotus Cloud Sect? I am more interested in it, but you’re not the one who I want to join hands with.”
Xiao Ying smiled at Xue Qianying but she did not show any response. Liao Bufan exchanged a glance with Xiao Ying. Xue Qianying seemed to have already made up her mind to press against them.
“I don’t care where you are from. But it’s impossible for you to take away the Dragon Balls here because we are now in our sect’s area and the treasures here belong to our sect. No one can take them away.”
Xue Qianying sounded really adamant and persuasive.
Liao Bufan and Xiao Ying, on the other hand, were not surprised by her temperament because they knew clearly that the Lotus Cloud Sect had always been tyrannical. .
“Since you are not willing to do cooperate, let’s see how it goes in the future,” Xiao Ying said.
At this moment, Liao Bufan raised up his head and saw that Jiang Chen and the others were on the cliff.
“Since you guys are here, why don’t you introduce yourselves? Why are you hiding there?”
“Seems like you are really here only for the Dragon Ball.”
Xue Qianying’s eyes glowed as these people still appeared in front of her right now.
“They have noticed us.”
Yang Jian and the others were thinking to sit quietly there to watch their opponents’ fight, but they had been noticed.
“I am an outer sect disciple of Profound Feng Sect. I am here to search for the Fire Spirit Lizard. Once we get the Fire Spirit Lizard, we will leave immediately,” Yang Jian said with a smile.
“Since you’re here, then you have the right to get something. The Dragon Ball is not a common thing. Of course, only those talented ones with great capability and morality can obtain it.” Liao Bufan said seriously.
How could Yang Jian not realize the reason behind Liao Bufan’s words? Right now, they wanted to pull Profound Feng Sect into their team to fight Xue Qianying
“Profound Feng Sect really is unresigned to be inferior. I guess even the Yellow Flame Sect is going to chase you guys these years,” Xiao Ying said, his eyes suddenly looked bright while glancing at Yang Jian.
“Yellow Flame Sect doesn’t have this capability yet. Moreover, the matter of Profound Feng Sec is none of your business,” Yang Jian said coldly and looked at Xiao Ying.
This guy was filled with a sense of superiority and he seemed to be looking down upon Profound Feng Sect.
“We are only here to search for the Fire Spirit Lizard,” Bai Yunfeng said.
“All in all, you are just trying to conceal your greediness. Dare to do but don’t have the courage to admit,” Xue Qianying said coldly.
“Alright. We are here for the Dragon Balls, what are you going to do? What is the point of explaining when others have already made the assumption? Hehe.”
Jiang Chen sneered and said while looking at Xue Qianying and the others.
“Profound Feng Sect is really full of talented disciples, even a disciple with such a low cultivation realm can be here. Hahaha.”
Liao Bufan teased and said with eyes filled with disdain. After all, Jiang Chen was only a Middle Void God, of course they would not put him in their eyes. They even thought that killing Jiang Chen was just a piece of cake.
“How come such a low-grade disciple dares to talk nonsense here? Profound Feng Sect has become more and more impressive these days,” Xiao Ying sarcastically said.
In a flash, a cold light shot out and proceeded to press against Jiang Chen. Yang Jian’s countenance fell at the moment, but he was quick to take action to keep Jiang Chen safe before Jiang Chen reacted.
Xiao Ying snorted coldly:
“Seems like Profound Feng Sect has its own way to protect its kids.”
“He’s Profound Feng Sect’s disciple. Even if he made a huge mistake, you still don’t have the right to give him a lesson. Since when has the Shadow Murder Sect become so presumptuous? Our Profound Feng Sect is never afraid of you. You better don’t cause trouble to yourself. Moreover, this is not the Shadow Murder Sect’s territory, you better take care of youself first. Otherwise, you might lose your life to hell,” Yang Jian said with a deep voice. He was the one who brought Jiang Chen here, that’s why he would not let Xiao Ying injure Jiang Chen.
Jiang Chen was quite moved by Yang Jian’s action and felt that his character was quite good.
“There are two great monsters inside the cave. One is the Fire Spirit Lizard, another is the Three Headed Scarlet Flame Snake Dragon. I only want the Fire Spirit Lizard. Once we get it, we will definitely leave here.”
“Are you sure?” Liao Bufan said with a laugh.
“Of course!”
Yang Jian knew very well that he was not a match for the lady of Lotus Cloud Sect. Meanwhile, the other two guys were also very formidable. If he really wants to fight them for the Dragon Ball, they might fall into predicament. Instead, it’s better to quit when they are ahead. As long as they get to kill the Fire Spirit Lizard, they will leave immediately.
“Okay, that seems good as well. You guys deal with the Fire Spirit Lizard, then we will handle the remaining ones. Whether we can get the Dragon Ball depends on our own luck,” Xiao Ying said with a deep voice. No matter how strong they were, he was quite glad to have one less competitor for the Dragon Balls. His chance of getting the treasure was higher right now.
Xue Qianying unexpectedly did not say anything, which meant that she had agreed in their decision in silence.
Jiang Chen looked at Xue Qianying, Xiao Ying and Liao Buran, and noticed that they were indeed very strong. Obviously, they were the outstanding disciples of their respective sects. Yang Jian might not be able to defeat them, otherwise, he would definitely not choose to withdraw at this moment. Yang Jiang’s rationality and attitude were really impressive to Jiang Chen.
“This is a good conclusion. Hahaha.”
Liao Bufan took the initiative and rushed into the crayon in a flash. Then, all of them ran into the crayon quickly.
What faced them were the two monsters that Bai Yunfei had encountered before: Fire Spirit Lizard and Three Headed Scarlet Flame Snake Dragon.
“It seems like they’re really coming here for the Fire Spirit Lizard.”
Xue Qianying thought. It did not matter if they wanted the Fire Spirit Lizard because the true treasure was the Dragon Ball.
The two monsters were of fire attribute. There must be something for the two monsters gathering here in the canyon. Everyone knew that the two monsters did not belong here and that they were only here to protect the Dragon Ball.
“I will deal with the Fire Spirit Lizard and you guys handle the Three Headed Scarlet Flame Snake Dragon.”
Yang Jiang took his chance and crashed towards the Fire Spirit Lizard immediately.
Its body was gigantic and robust. An incomparably wild lizard like this was even more dreadful than a crocodile. It was burning in flame while spitting out fire from its mouth because there was a fire spirit in its body.
“Let’s attack together and help me kill this monster.”
Yang Jian looked at Bai Yunfei and others. Jiang Chen joined hands together with them. Yang Jian was the center of their formation and five of them besieged the Fire Spirit Lizard together, leaving the beast no chance to resist at all.
Due to their incessant onslaught, the lizard roared fiercely, showing its anger. At this moment, everyone could sense the danger in front of them.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2253 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2254


Chapter 2254 Displaying Own Talents
On the other side, the Three Headed Scarlet Flame Snake Dragon was also incomparably smart. Monsters of this realm were not able to transform their form, but their spiritual wisdom was not weaker than a human’s. Some of the strange monsters might even reach realms that humans were not able to.
“The Three Headed Scarlet Flame Snake Dragon has reached the Middle True God Realm. Although it had just broken through, it was still very formidable. Be careful!”
Liao Buran shouted with his deep voice. His face looked incomparably serious while taking the initiative to attack the Three Headed Scarlet Flame Snake Dragon with his three comrades.
The entire body of the Snake Dragon was glowing with fire. Its name literally meant that it had three heads. It was quite ferocious and its length was around nine metres. The three heads enabled it to see and hear in all directions without any dead angle. Moreover, each head was able to attack in battle.
“The Three Headed Scarlet Flame Snake Dragon is an ancient mythical monster that is only a grade lower than the legendary Divine Monster Bloodline. It’s strength could not be underestimated.”
Xiao Ying said in a low voice. At this moment, they were all in the same boat fighting against the Three Headed Scarlet Flame Snake Dragon. Of course they could not be reckless. If they fought with the Three Headed Scarlet Flame Snake Dragon alone right now, none of them would be a match for it. They are well-aware that only by cooperating can they truly defeat the Three Headed Scarlet Flame Snake Dragon and obtain the Dragon Ball.
“Roar…roar…”
The Three Headed Scarlet Flame Snake Dragon’s roar was deafening. It was as loud as a thunderclap. Xue Qianying and the other two took action against the snake dragon fiercely but they could not suppress it instantly. This showed how dreadful the monster was. However, the three of them were not easy to deal with as well because they were all the outstanding disciples in their own sect. They were the most talented disciples, so how could they be defeated easily?
Xue Qianying stood straight with her sword while confronting one of the heads of the Three Headed Scarlet Flame Snake Dragon. This gigantic monster used its head as a weapon, and it was not weaker than them at all. Other people had been thrown to somewhere far away and were severely injured by its Divine Dragon Tail before they could even approach it.
In the snowy canyon, fire lights were towering to the sky. The Fire Spirit Lizard could not be underestimated as well. However, compared to the Snake Dragon, it was not that formidable, as it was only at the Early True God Realm. However, with its utmost effort, the Fire Spirit Lizard was comparable to a Middle True God.
Yang Jian took the initiative and fought the Fire Spirit Lizard fiercely. On the other hand, Jiang Chen, Bai Yunfei, Tan Shanhe and Xue Rengang provided assistance from the side and made a few critical strikes on the beast, causing it to wail in pain. However, its exuberant vitality was unbelievable. Even though it suffered severe injury, it did not show any signs of being defeated and was still fighting them fiercely.
Undeniably, Xue Qianying was the strongest disciple of Lotus Cloud Sect. She was even stronger than Liao Bufan and Xiao Ying as she had already managed to leave a deep wound on one of the Snake Dragon’s heads. The Three Headed Scarlet Flame Snake Dragon did not dare to confront Xue Qianying face-to-face anymore.
On the other hand, Liao Bufan and Xiao Ying also caused great pressure on the beast. In the canyon, one could hear the unceasing roars and radiance given off everywhere. The sound of weapons clashing echoed in the canyon.
“They seemed quite capable. The Three Headed Scarlet Flame Snake Dragon’s strength is unpredictable, but they have not given in yet until now.”
Jiang Chen’s was overflowing with a profound smile. At this moment, he attacked the Fire Spirit Lizard with his Five Elemental Combat Dragon Seal. Jiang Chen’s strength was not any weaker than Tan Shanhe. The five of them were fiercely fighting the Fire Spirit Lizard. In the middle of it all, Yang Jian’s power is shown. He wielded his double-edged sword across the sky and caused severe damage on the Fire Spirit Lizard. The beast was repulsed completely without any strength to defend. However, its tenaciousness was out of their expectation.
“Bunch of inferior humans!”
A purple-eyed youth stood in the void and said with his cold voice but no one noticed his existence except for one.
Jiang Chen raised up his head suddenly, and saw the purple-eyed youth standing in the void. His countenance fell as the youth was releasing a terrifying aura. He seemed irresistible. The youth looked a bit pale but his eyes were releasing a terrifying light of essence.
“Bastard! Thunderous Domain!”
Liao Bufan roared in rage. Lightning and thunderstorms were rolling around the canyon. The Three Headed Scarlet Flame Snake Dragon was suffering from the lightning strikes.
“Spy Shadow Slaughter!”
Xiao Ying’s figure kept flashing and hiding so no one could catch his figure at all. The Three Headed Scarlet Flame Snake Dragon was tricked and it did not know which one was the true Xiao Ying. His blade then suddenly fell on the Snake Dragon’s head, causing blood to gush out.
“Sword breaking the heavens with flying snowflakes.”
Xue Qianying pointed her sword to the void. Snowflakes fell down gently, like a rain of swords pouring down from the sky. The Three Headed Scarlet Flame Snake Dragon let out a wail.
However, not to be outdone, it was roaring continuously while whipping its head and tail around, tearing the void apart. It was really terrifying. The Three Headed Scarlet Flame Snake Dragon spit out dreadful flames. Although the flame was not as powerful as the Five Elemental True Fire, it was still suffocating.
The three of them immediately withdrew as the dreadful flame swept across the sky. They were all burnt by the flame. In a flash, the Divine Dragon Tail of the Snake Dragon had put the three of them into predicament as they were completely repulsed.
At this moment, the three of them joined hands again, riding on the head of the Snake Dragon. Xue Qianying Ying took up her sword and attacked. She broke through the sky, casting out bloody rain falling on the Three Headed Scarlet Flame Snake Dragon. One of its heads was cut down immediately.
“Ah woo…”
The Three Headed Scarlet Flame Snake Dragon screamed sorrowfully but Liao Bufan and Xiao Ying did not stop there. They casted out all of their techniques and finally, the Three Headed Scarlet Flame Snake Dragon fell to its death. Even if it had three heads or three lives, it would not be sufficient to survive under such an attack.
A droplet of blood from the Three Headed Scarlet Flame Snake Dragon that splashed on Xue Qianying’s hand made her feel some kind of burning pain. Being hit by the Three Headed Scarlet Flame Snake Dragon’s Divine Dragon Tail, Xue Qianying’s body had also become a bit weak now. No one dared to underestimate this monster. If they were fighting with the monster one-on-one, Xue Qianying would definitely not be a match for Three Headed Scarlet Flame Snake Dragon.
Yang Jian had also displayed the full mightiness of Profound Feng Sect by pressing against the Fire Spirit Lizard all the way from the beginning. Although he had spent tremendous effort, he managed to leave serious injury on the beast, leaving it with no strength to counterattack at all.
Jiang Chen and others had also spent quite a lot of energy since the gigantic lizard was full of energy and its attacking power was also extraordinarily strong. Although the Fire Spirit Lizard had been injured severely, it never gave up battling with its opponent as if it wanted to safeguard something.
“That youth should also be a monster as well.”
Jiang Chen thought. Somewhere not far from them, there was an enormous cave on the top of the canyon. Mysterious burning violet air kept releasing out from the entrance of the cave
“Die!”
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2254 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2255


Chapter 2255
Purple-eyed Youth
The shadow of Xiao Ying’s sword spread and turned into a sharp radiance that broke through the void and shook the top of the canyon. His strike had cleaved off the Three Headed Scarlet Flame Snake Dragon and its blood splashed on his body.
Liao Bufan seemed like the calmest one among them. Although he’s taking his time, he also managed to cleave off the last head of Three Headed Scarlet Flame Snake Dragon. The blood that splashed on their body made them feel a kind of blazing heat. After roaring in rage, the three Headed Scarlet Flame Snake Dragon’s body exploded. Turbulent flows were formed due to the explosion and spread across the void. Three of them suffered damage of different levels and it was such an internecine battle.
“You won’t be able to run away.”
Yang Jian’s blade broke through the void and proceeded to pierce through the Fire Spirit Lizard. The lizard was stuck on the double-edged blade that had an overbearing momentum.
At this moment, the Three Headed Scarlet Flame Snake Dragon and Fire Spirit Lizard all had turned into dead souls.
“Finally, we got it.”
Yang Jian took a long, deep breath. Right now, he was probably the one with the strongest battle strength among the four leaders. The injury the other three suffered was quite severe as they had used up most of their energy in the battle just now.
Most importantly, Xue Qianying and others could feel the blood of the Three Headed Scarlet Flame Snake Dragon was extremely hot. When the blood splashed on them, they were like being roasted in the burning fire. It was miserable and intolerable. Despite her cold constitution, Xue Qianying Ying still felt the great pressure.
“You guys have gotten the Fire Spirit Lizard. It’s time for you to leave.”
Xiao Ying said with a low voice.
“Alright.’
Yang Jian nodded silently.
“Alright? It’s not right. If we leave right now, then we lose all the opportunities. These guys are thinking of monopolising everything. There’s no way for us to leave. I can’t stand leaving the treasury with my empty hands. Moreover, we have gone through so much to be here. How can we just leave like this?” Jiang Chen said with a smile as he was unwilling to leave like this.
“But…”
Yang Jian frowned his forehead.
Bai Yunfei smiled then said, “I think Jiang Chen has a point. Senior Yang, we are not weaker than them at the moment. Since they are all injured now, why are we going to leave such a good opportunity to them?”
He had the same mind as Jiang Chen. If they return now, weren’t they going to lose a great opportunity?
Tan Shanhe also gave his advice, saying, “That’s right. Senior Yang, it has not been easy for us to be here. How can we just leave? Moreover, we actually have a lot of chances this time.”
Yang Jiang was a bit hesitant because if they stayed here, he was going against what he had promised earlier. This would damage Profound Feng Sect’s reputation as well.
So, Yang Jiang’s hesitations and worries were actually understandable since he had already gotten what he wanted. However, Jiang Chen had not obtained what he wanted yet.
“To be honest, Senior Yang, trust is nothing in the face of the absolute advantage. Especially in front of the people who have their own motives behind, why do you need to talk about trust with them? Their purpose of casting us out of here is for them to take over the dragon balls all for themselves. In this case, shall we leave for them? I know you are afraid of public criticism, but experts should never worry about these.”
Jiang Chen looked at Yang Jian seriously while Yang Jian seemed to have gained some insight. He nodded finally and was convinced by Jiang Chen and others.
“Why are you all still here? Are all of the people of Profound Feng Sect not a man of honour?” Liao Bufan said with a deep voice.
“Senior Yang and I will not bother with your business but we would like to see what is going to happen later,” Jiang Chen smiled and said.
“Who are you? What right do you have to say something here? Seems like the Profound Feng Sect has become more and more disappointing. Hmph… Hmph…Going back to your own words. You can say whatever you want to say. It’s funny. Hehe.”
Xiao Ying disdained Jiang Chen. He was not afraid of a Middle Void God like Jiang Chen at all if they were going to battle.
“That’s fine. If you don’t want to leave, then don’t. Since you are already here, let’s see who is going to laugh in the end. The Dragon Balls are the divine items that only the capable expert deserves.”
Xue Qianying shook her head and looked calm. This time, her action was out of others’ expectation as she did not challenge Jiang Chen and others. Also, she seemed to have some kind of special relationship with the Profound Feng Sect.
Jiang Chen immediately identified Xue Qianying’s intention. If she couldn’t dispel them out of here, she was rather unwilling to offend people of the Profound Feng Sect as these two groups of people had already been incompatible as fire and water.
“There should be a place where the Dragon Balls are located. I can sense that.”
Xiao Ying said with his deep voice while pointing to the top of the canyon where there was a cave.
“If we don’t get it now, when are we going to get it? Hahaha.”
Liao Buran was the first one to rush to the cave. Xue Qianying and Xiao Ying followed him immediately. Same goes for Jiang Chen, Bai Yunfei and others who ran towards the same direction quickly as well.
However, when they arrived, they were pushed away by a burning strong wind and fell out of the cave. They looked quite embarrassed and each of them were incomparably shocked.
“Is there still another beast inside?”
Xiao Ying said in a low voice.
“A bunch of weak ants unexpectedly dared to think about touching the Dragon Balls. Get out of here!”
A purple-eyed youth suddenly appeared on the void and simply waved his hand, creating great pressure that pushed everyone away. Jiang Chen was startled as the youth’s strength was at the Late True God Realm. However, he seemed injured and his pale face carried a depressing aura.
“Who are you? Know that whoever stops me will die!”
Liao Bufan shouted. Since things had come to this point, they did not have any way to retreat anymore.
“You want to kill me? How come a small potato dares to compete with an expert? You are overestimating yourself.”
In an instant, the purple-eyed youth turned the flaming strong wind into a blade, breaking through the void and tearing Liao Bufan’s defense apart. Liao Bufan was repulsed immediately and pushed back to eight hundred miles away. When he regained his balance and came back, his facial expression looked quite terrible.
“Pu…….”
A mouthful of blood spurted out from his mouth. His injuries had become more severe now. Out of everyone’s expectation, this purple-eyed youth was so mystical and powerful. A strike from him could cause such a great mightiness.
“This time, it doesn’t seem easy to go through.” Jiang Chen murmured.
Meanwhile Xue Qianying and Xiao Ying frowned their forehead. Liao Bufan was repulsed effortlessly by the youth, which meant that it would be really challenging for them to go through this.
“Senior Yang, let us join hands together, the four of us, to kill this guy. Please give it your all.”
Xiao Ying glanced at Yang Jian. This time, they were going to use all of their resources to fight the youth. If they did not join hands, it would be extremely difficult to break through the youth’s defence.
“Alright.”
As soon as Yang Jian finished his words, the other three heaved a slight sigh of relief. At this critical moment, it should be a cinch if the four of them confront this purple-eyed youth.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2255 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2256


You’re Lucky
Jiang Chen was happily observing the battle. All this while, he did not unleash his full abilities because he still thinks that the biggest variable within this group was Xue Qianying. She is the great disciple of the Lotus Cloud Sect, her strength shouldn’t be THIS weak. She must be hiding it. At this moment, if I unleash all my strength, then my chances of winning in the final battle will be lesser. Who doesn’t know this?
“Petty and puny humans, the face of greed. You will all be punished by the heavens.” The purple-eyed youth said coldly while standing on the sky, looking down on Yang Jian and the others with a calm demeanour. As if it’s obvious that he was going to win this battle.
“He’s hurt, he can’t last long! Do not hold back and attack at full strength.” Jiang Chen shouted.
This made the other four slightly stunned and once again looked at the youth. The latter obviously showing a hint of avoidance in his eyes. Looks like he’s really hurt.
“This lad is quite useful, precise eyes. To think he can see through the enemy is hiding the fact that he’s hurt.” Xue Qianying murmured as she squinted her eyes and looked at Jiang Chen.
Liao Bufan and Xiao Ying were slightly stunned and looked at Jiang Chen. Could this fellow be trusted?
“He’s right. That youngster is already hurt. We do not need to be scared. Attack at full strength!” Xue Qianying shouted and rushed first.
She unleashed a fury of sword strikes, completely locking down on the youth’s path of retreat. Liao Bufan followed through with his heavy palm strikes. Meanwhile, Xiao Ying unleashed his clones and struck from all directions with his sword.
On the other side, Yang Jian’s attack was getting more and more powerful, and overbearing. Each attack was lethal, forcing the youth to the corner and on the defensive. He was obviously getting weaker and weaker. This was what Xue Qianying and the others wanted to watch.
“Shameless humans, you will eventually receive retribution!” The purple-eyed youth furiously roared.
A flame rose up to his mouth and burst towards his enemies, instantly burning up the place and tearing the void. The snow melted and an avalanche was created, causing the whole valley to rumble.
The group quickly retreated. The youth’s eyes became cold and he attempted to run away. But Xue Qianying and the others will not give him that opportunity. They knew that the opponent was on its last leg, would they give him the chance to run away?
The youth’s injury was getting worse by the second from the barrage of their attacks. The expression on his face was getting colder as time passed.
“You guys want the Dragon Ball?! Dream on!”
The youth shivered when a bright light shone from his body. He wanted to self-destruct and bring down Xue Qianying and the others to the grave with him.
“Do not let him kill himself. Otherwise, we won’t get the dragon ball!” Jiang Chen shouted.
Xue Qianying and the others quickly unleashed their attacks, making the youth unable to self-destruct. A sword slash across the void and landed on the youth, creating a long terrible wound on his body. His internal organs too suffered various degrees of injuries.
“How far have I fallen… who dares to fight me when I am at my peak?”
Two clear lines of tears slowly flowed from his eyes, feeling extremely angered. But now he had zero chance, not even a chance to kill himself. The four of them had him trapped, he’d be killed if he made any funny moves.
“But, you’re trapped.” Xiao Ying said while laughing.
“Hand over the Dragon Ball and you’ll be able to leave with your life. Otherwise, you’ll be buried here, in this green mountain, accompanied by the snow and wind. Hehe, this is also a great Feng Shui place.” Liang Bufan said.
“There is only one dragon ball. What happens to the other three if I give it to you?” The youth squinted his eyes and said palely.
Since he knew he could not get away with this misfortune, he might as well find some ways to preserve his life.
“You’re trying to sow dissension, but you’ll fail. Hand over the dragon ball and we’ll sort it out ourselves.” Xiao Ying said indifferently.
“Oh? Is it? Is this what you think? But your friend may not think so. Hahaha,” laughed the youth.
He now found out that his opponents weren’t on the same page. They were all in their own group with their own . Moreover, they wanted something that couldn’t be shared since there’s only one Dragon Ball. Such dissonance was his best chance.
To live by going through a deathly route, perhaps there is a chance in it.
“If you don’t hand over the Dragon Ball, I will give you an ugly death.” Liao Bufan said.
“Really? Then who do I give it to? I am but a dying man. But for the sake of my life, I can hand the dragon ball to you, but will the other three agree?”
The purple-eyed youth’s words were spot on. There was only one Dragon Ball, but there were four people who wanted it, how do they divide it? Who has the qualification to own it? Jiang Chen’s lips slightly curved up and his expression became serious.
“Such being the case, since you all don’t trust one another, then leave the Dragon Ball to me. Whoever wins shall get the Dragon Ball, what says you all? I am a mere Mid Void God. You all can easily kill me from just a single thought. Plus, I could never run away with it. Isn’t this the safest option? The dragon ball will be safely passed to you, to you or to you.”
Jiang Chen pointed at each person and said. The four of them became silent. At this moment, only Bai Yunfei gave Jiang Chen a big thumbs up. This fellow is truly cunning. Bai Yunfei knew how hard it was to deal with Jiang Chen once the Dragon Ball fell into his hands, it’ll be like dropping into a rat hole. Trying to get it back? Dream on.
The youth squinted his eyes and looked at Jiang Chen:
“Alright. I agree to hand over the dragon ball to him. What says you all?” The youth looked at Jiang Chen.
Both of them had their own scheme. In the eyes of the youth, as long as the four fought against one another and got hurt, then he’ll be able to snatch the Dragon Ball back from Jiang Chen and run away. This fellow is only a Mid Void God, even if I’m hurt, he’s still an easy opponent for me.
“Very well. It is decided.” Xue Qianying said.
Since she had said it, the other three could only choose to quietly accept it. After all, this was the best option. No matter who wins or loses, they could never really be relieved if the Dragon Ball was given to the other to guard it.
“You’re lucky. You’ll take the Dragon Ball first, but I will take your life if there is any mishap.” Xiao Ying sneered and looked at Jiang Chen.
In their eyes, Jiang Chen was but an ant. He was never in the same realm as them. Plus, it even felt like they’re lowering their status by talking to him.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2256 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2257


Chapter 2257
Good Luck Beautiful Sister
“Alright.” Jiang Chen gave a faint smile, not feeling angry.
When the purple-eyed youth took out the shining purple Dragon Ball the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda tremmored, as if it was extremely excited.
The moment Jiang Chen received the Dragon Ball, he finally breathed a sigh of relief. It was the real Dragon Ball and it was given to him without any effort on his part. It was a truly exciting occasion. In his eyes, only the Dragon Ball remained.
“Great stuff, truly, a great stuff. Hahaha!” Jiang Chen silently nodded and held the Dragon Ball tightly in his hands.
At this moment, he was prepared to run away.
But the purple-eyed youth kept on looking at Jiang Chen ‘hungrily’. Because he was prepared to rob the Dragon Ball in a moment’s notice.
“Now, it’s time that we settled our score. Hehe.” Liao Bufan said with a smile.
“If any of you are willing to back away, then I am willing to compensate you whatever you want. I want nothing else, just the Dragon Ball.”
“I see the people of the Happy Valley in a new light. Are we here just for show? I will not back away from anything that I can grant from what you all ask. I too have no other request, I only want the Dragon Ball. ” Xiao Ying harrumphed.
“Looks like we’ll have to use our own methods to settle this problem.” Xue Qianying said.
What she was trying to say was obvious. She too only wanted the Dragon Ball, anything was irrelevant.
“Then, I also have no other choice.” Yang Jian shrugged.
In the end, nobody was willing to take a step back. Even though Yang Jian was not interested in the Dragon Ball, since he had entered this battle, then he too was qualified in getting the treasure. What is a Dragon Ball? It was something much more precious than a Fire Spirit Lizard. Even the Sect Lord will be stunned by it.
The four of them were in discord and fought once again. But no result could be seen and the youth’s gaze once again fell upon Jiang Chen.
“These people… I am speechless. Even if the Dragon Ball is great, it’ll be pointless if one doesn’t have the life to enjoy it.” The youth sighed.
Yet, at the moment, when he was preparing to attack Jiang Chen, a deep but ear-splitting roar could be heard, as if the whole Qi Yun Mountain Range could hear its voice. Due to the roar’s ferocity, everyone thought a true overlord had descended upon them.
“Zi Chen. I’ve pursued you for 800,000 li. You didn’t expect that I would have eventually caught up to you, right?!”
A raging flame appeared, a blood red Qilin stood on top of that raging flame and looked down from the sky. It was exceptionally ferocious.
“Fire Qilin! To think you’re still after my tail. You’re already a Heavenly Divine Beast. Why must you snatch my Dragon Ball?” Zi Chen’s expression became gloomy.
He was not the Fire Qilin’s match. Even Xue Qianying and the others were fodders for the beast. They had no chance of winning against it.
“Such a powerful Fire Qi Lin!”
“I’ve never seen such a fierce Fire Qilin before.”
“This divine beast only exists in the legends. To think I am able to witness it myself today.”
“You’re right. The Fire Qilin is much prouder and rarer than the Dragon Clan. Hence, the bloodline of the Fire Qilin is much more precious than the Dragons.”
At this moment, the four gave up on fighting because the threat of the Fire Qi Lin was too high.
“This is… Half-Step Heavenly God!”
Everyone gasped. To think the divine beast had reached such a stage. A Half-Step Heavenly God Fire Qilin, a naturally born Divine Beast, possessing exceptionally great innate talent. It was even stronger than a human Early Heavenly God.
“He’s also hurt. Even though I received a grave injury when we fought before, he wasn’t any better. Now, its Half-Step Heavenly God’s prestige is not as great as before. Hahaha.” Zi Chen’s words stunned everyone.
Looks like the two of them fought each other. Moreover, Zi Chen’s injury was caused by Fire Qilin. The beast pursued for a vast distance just for the Dragon Ball. Xue Qianying and the others were far weaker than the Fire Qilin, if they were compared. With the beast’s strength on display, even if it’s hurt, who dares go against the prestige of a Half-Step Heavenly God?
“Even so, killing you is as easy as taking a sweet from a baby. Those who dares to stop me shall die a miserable death.”
The Fire Qilin stepped on the void and flame spread through the field. Even Jiang Chen felt the heat from those flames. The flame it possessed should be the beast flame of the Beast King. It was stronger than the Five Elemental True Fire.
“Fire Qilin… Let’s see how powerful it is. Now that it has come to this, we’ll have to stake our lives to get the Dragon Ball!” Xiao Ying said coldly.
Even though he knew that he was not the beast’s match, he still had to try. Otherwise, the effort he previously put in would be wasted.
“I agree. Even though he’s a Half-Step Heavenly God, he’s not in his peak condition.” Liao Bufan said.
“I agree.” Yang Jiang nodded.
Xue Qianying had no reason to refute. At this moment, even Zi Chen should face the Fire Qilin. Otherwise, he will not get away if they die.
“I will face the Fire Qilin with you all.” Zi Chen clenched his teeth and said.
He desires to kill the Fire Qilin. But the beast was a peerless Divine Beast, it had unfathomable strength. It was certainly a dangerous battle.
“This is getting merrier and merrier.” Jiang Chen shrugged.
He was playing the role of an audience splendidly. It’ll be great when both parties become weak due to their battles. Then, he will be able to get away from here with the Dragon Ball safely.
“A bunch of fearless, stubborn fools. I will get the Dragon Ball. By getting the Dragon Ball, I shall obtain the opportunity to become a Dragon Qilin. At that moment, I will dominate the True Dragon and Qilin Clan and become the true Beast King! No one shall be able to stop me.” The Fire Qilin roared continuously as it spewed flames.
This forced Xue Qianying and the others to quickly retreat. The might of the Fire Qilin pressured them a lot. After all, it was still a Half-Step Heavenly God.
“Pebbles that dare to stand up against giants?! Keep on dreaming. Everyone of you shall die.”
The Fire Qilin’s proclamation of death reverberated in the hearts of everyone. That coldness and disdain had lit the flames of anger from the parties of Xue Qianying.
“A battle of life and death. Glory to the ones who win. Good Luck, beautiful sister.” Jiang Chen said excitedly.
This time, let’s see how you’re going to hide your power. Facing a Half-Step Heavenly God Fire Qilin, you guys should show your true cards now, right? Whoever does not give it their all will face a terrible, terrible death.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2257 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2258


The Heaven is on my Side
“The Heaven is on my side. The Heaven has helped me.”
Jiang Chen crossed his legs, leaned on the cliff wall and said in a relaxed manner. Everyone of them were extremely serious, yet he was relaxed. As if he was not afraid that the Fire Qilin would kill him.
“You, this fella… it looks like even the heaven is collapsing, it is still not your problem.”
At this moment, even Bai Yunfei got slightly nervous, because the Fire Qilin was too strong. A Half-Step True God like him could not help alleviate the situation and it might even cost his life if he lent a hand. Yet, Jiang Chen was so happy and confident.
“What can I do? Should I cover my face and cry? Hahaha, that is not my style. Senior Yang and the others may not necessarily lose, relax.” Bai Yunfei rolled his eyes and said, “Your heart is damn big.“So, what are you going to do about the Dragon Ball?”
“What, what am I going to do about it? Haven’t you heard of this? Whoever got their hands on this thing will become that person’s possession.” Jiang Chen said seriously. He absolutely did not plan to give the Dragon Ball away.
“You’re ruthless.” Bai Yunfei sighed and shook his head.
But this battle will dictate where the Dragon Ball would go.
The Fire Qilin was unstoppable, 1 versus 5. Yang Jian slashed towards the head of the Fire Qilin with his weapon*. But the beast did not flinch nor evade, allowing Yang Jian’s attack to hit. However, the one who was forced back was Yang Jian due to the impact, making the place between his thumb and index to be numb.
Xue Qianying too unleashed her true technique, unleashing a powerful sword fury. But the Fire Qi Lin’s flame did not weaken at all. The flame it spew forced them back several times. One would be gravely injured if the flame managed to land on one’s body.
Zi Chen roared and transformed. He too was a peerless ferocious beast and he had a terrifying face.
“This is?”
“Yazi. He is the ferocious beast, Yazi, the son of the dragon.” Xiao Ying looked at Zi Chen, slightly shocked. As the son of the dragon, he was ferocious.
“You stand no chance even if you changed into your original form, plus, you’ve lost to me once. Aren’t you conscious about it?” The Fire Qilin looked at Zi Chen coldly and with disdain.
“Legend has it that the Dragon has nine sons. To think he’s the dragon’s son Yazi. Truly eye opening.” Xue Rengang said with an ugly expression.
No matter if it was Yazi or the Fire Qilin, they both gave them a great shock.
“The Dragon’s nine sons are different from one another. But they were all ferocious, sowing chaos across the land, causing lives to perish. However, it is said that they have already perished in ancient times.” Bai Yunfei said solemnly.
“Are you saying that the nine sons of the Dragon were already extinct? Then what is he? He’s the Yazi that humans depict.” Jiang Chen frowned. The legends should be fake.
“I don’t know. But this Yazi is real and the Dragon Ball in his hand should be real too.” Bai Yunfei said quietly.
At this moment, the Fire Qilin was beating down Yang Jian and the others. With its flame covering the battlefield, those who got close to him will feel like being barbecued alive. The battle became much harder. Now, the pressure and suppression exerted by the beast became much more terrifying by the second.
“None of you are my match. Those who stand in my way shall die.”
The Fire Qilin’s prestige was fierce. The beast then launched an extremely fierce tackle that rammed and caused Zi Chen to fly backwards. Jiang Chen could somewhat feel the pain from it. The body of the Fire Qilin was very strong. No matter what attack they threw on him, the beast suffered no damage. Hence, the situation was getting much more dangerous.
But the Fire Qilin did not look down on its opponent. After all, the four of them were the creme-dela-creme of their respective sect. The beast wouldn’t have fought them if they were at their peak, because these fellows were not simple fools.
“Isn’t it too early for you to be happy?” Liao Bufan sneered.
A giant gold bell suddenly appeared.The bell rang and golden light overflowed the scene It’s as if something was devouring the sky, causing the people around to be afraid of it.
“Is it the Eastern Emperor Bell? No, how could the Eastern Emperor Bell be so weak.” The Fire Qilin saw through it. If it was the real Eastern Emperor Bell, he would’ve been suppressed to death. Hence, it was obviously an imitation.
“Yes. Even though it’s an imitation. It’s enough to suppress you.” Liao Bufan’s gaze was extremely cold.
This was his strongest divine toll in his arsenal. An imitation of the Eastern Emperor Bell, it only has 1:100,000 of the original bell’s strength. But it still reached the level of the divine tool, hence it should not be looked down upon. The bell rang continuously and the ear-splitting ringing enveloped the Fire Qilin.
In the end, the Fire Qilin was suppressed by the Eastern Emperor Bell. The scene shocked the others.
But the Eastern Emperor Bell suddenly began to enlarge unceasingly! In the end, the whole bell was pushed upwards and rammed onto Liao Bufan’s body, causing him to cough out blood like a flood. He had suffered a grave injury.
The Fire Qilin gigantified his body to a hundred Zhang.
At this moment, everyone’s heart sunk. This fellow is too strong.
“Even though your damned bell is pretty good, it’s impossible for it to suppress me.”
“Extreme Shadow Heavenly Sword!” Xiao Ying’s fury of blades covered the sky.
The Fire Qilin looked at the gigantic sword shadow that was slashing down towards him from the sky without fear. He then roared and used his body to withstand the attack, causing him to stagger backwards a few hundred steps.
Pity, Xiao Ying too was forced back from the recoil. He was shocked by the result.
“Shredding Heaven Eye. Devastating Heaven and Earth!” Yang Jian roared.
A divine eye appeared on his forehead, eliminating and destroying everything on its line of sight. The Fire Qilin faced the attack with disdain in his eyes.
“Annihilation Flame!”
The Fire Qi Lin’s flame burned and clashed with Yang Jian. Yang Jian was barbecued by the Annihilation Flame, his Shredding Heaven Eye received a grave injury which forced him to quickly retreat.
The Annihilation Flame has covered the whole grand canyon.
“Such a powerful beast.” Yang Jian gasped, his expression became extremely pale.
The previous clash has forced him to retreat from the front lines.
“Eternal Freezing!”
Xue Qianying’s eyes sparkled as she pointed her blade towards the void. The Annihilation Flame that was covering the whole valley instantly vanished without a trace. The whole canyon was covered with ice and snow, as if the time itself was frozen. The Fire Qilin roared continuously as Xue Qianying’s freezing field managed to injure the beast, gravely. In addition with the other’s heavy attacks, the Fire Qilin too was put in a dangerous situation.
“Luckily, my body is born from the flame. Trying to freeze me? Dream on!”
TL: the weapon in question
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2258 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2259


Overcoming the Enemy
The Fire Qilin shone brightly and the flame spread across his body. Once again, a sea of flame emerged with him as the centre. It cracked the ice glacier and the ten thousand zhang ice mountain; the snow and ice melted. From the attack, a flame mark shot out towards Xue Qianying.
“This is my natal flame mark. You’ll die a worthy death.”
The flame mark travelled through the void and engulfed Xue Qianying. She screamed and was injured by the flame mark. She flew backwards and coughed out a blue-ish pearl, it then clashed with the flame mark and disappeared.
“My Ice Soul…” Xue Qianying’s expression was pale.
It was the Ice Soul given by her master. It was extremely precious. Moreover, it could help her increase her strength. But at this moment, it was devoured by the natal flame of the beast. Thankfully, that flame mark was also gone.
“Not bad. To think you manage to block one of my attacks, little girl.” The Fire Qilin too suffered a grave injury.
But compared to Xue Qianying and the others, he was better off than them.
The one who had it worse was Yazi. Being the target of the Fire Qilin’s tackles, his body was on the verge of breaking apart.
“Give me the Dragon Ball,” the Fire Qilin said indifferently.
“The Dragon Ball is over there.” Liao Bufan pointed at Jiang Chen.
Jiang Chen shrugged. ‘Neighbors who can’t agree lose out on a third party’. It’s time for him to enter the stage.
“Give it to me, puny human. Otherwise, you’ll end up becoming a pile of ash.” The Fire Qilin calmly said with a pale smile.
“I am lacking a mount right now. Why don’t you become my mount? What says you? Then I may consider giving the Dragon Ball to you.”
Everyone was stunned by Jiang Chen’s words. Each of their faces became extremely weird. Did this fellow eat some weird mushroom? 
“Hahahahaha. This is too funny, a little fellow that isn’t even in the True God Realm. You’re interesting, you want me to become your mount? Hahaha!”  Fire Qilin kept on laughing.
Each of them held in their breaths. Even Bai Yunfei thought Jiang Chen’s brain must’ve fried. What is he smoking? 
Jiang Chen smiled and quietly looked at the beast.
Suddenly, the beast’s expression became disfigured and he coldly looked at Jiang Chen.
“This is my first time hearing it, to think somebody wants me to become his mount. I’ll shred you into a thousand pieces due to your ignorance. Hmph hmph.”
The voice of the Fire Qilin pierced like an icicle but Jiang Chen felt nothing and just gazed at the beast. One as tall as the Emei Mountain and another was but an ant.
“You gotta have the ability to do it in the first place.” Jiang Chen said indifferently.
“Even if I am in fact injured, I am still not one that could be looked down upon by you. Little kid, you’re too arrogant. Die!” The Fire Qilin roared and a terrifying flame was shot towards Jiang Chen.
Yang Jian, Bai Yunfei and his companion’s expression drastically changed.
“Run, Jiang Chen!” Yang Jian roared angrily.
He hoped that he could take Jiang Chen away now. After all, he was the one who brought Jiang Chen to this place, he had the responsibility to bring him back and it was also his principle.
Unfortunately, Jiang Chen did not care and provoked the beast instead. Isn’t he digging his own grave?
“Sh*t sh*t sh*t……” Bai Yunfei murmured.
Who doesn’t know how terrifying the Fire Qilin was? At this moment, Jiang Chen was engulfed by the flame of the beast.
“Obnoxious fool. This is probably karma.” Xiao Ying sneered.
Even though he was in a big trouble himself, after looking at Jiang Chen being so reckless, he felt like this person should be dead.
However, at this moment, while Yang Jian and his party were feeling sad for Jiang Chen… something unimaginable happened! Jiang Chen was covered by another terrifying flame, completely ignoring the Fire Qilin’s flame.
“How could this be?” Liao Bufan murmured, his eyes filled with shock.
A Mid Void God lad managed to block the attack of the Fire Qilin. It was preposterous. Nobody would believe it. The difference in strength was too large. Jiang Chen would’ve become nothing but particles after being hit by that attack. After all, that flame would make these True God experts fear for their lives.
“It’s the exotic flame of the Heaven and Earth!The Fire of Sun!”
The Fire Qilin was extremely sensitive towards these types of flames. At this moment, his pupil widened and managed to recognise Jiang Chen’s flame. It was one of the five true elemental flames, the Fire of Sun. It’s a much more terrifying flame compared to the beast flame. It’s a flame that comes from the Saintly Beast Golden Crow, a Saintly Beast that existed before the chaos was cut open. It was not born from this Heaven and Earth, it was something stronger than a Divine Beast, such as him.
“Look, the flame on his body is devouring the flame of the Fire Qilin!” Tan Shanhe’s face was filled with shock.
“This fella is full of surprise.” Yang Jian said with a bitter smile, but there was still a hint of worry in his eyes.
“Jiang Chen, do not fight the Fire Qilin head-on. You’re not his match, be careful.” Yang Jian’s worry wasn’t baseless.
Even though Jiang Chen had the mysterious flame in his arsenal, it did not mean that he could defeat the beast. The difference between them was still too big.
“Yeah, Jiang Chen, that Dragon Ball is not for us to take, give it to him. Otherwise, you’re going to die.” Bai Yunfei was worried for Jiang Chen.
Even though he acknowledged Jiang Chen’s strength, Jiang Chen had still not reached the True God Realm. It’ll be a one-sided murder. Not even the experts of the four great sects could do anything now. They’ve been completely suppressed by the beast.
“Rest assured. This fellow cannot do anything to me.” Jiang Chen said confidently.
Even Xue Qianying felt somewhat depressed from seeing him and rolled her eyes. This fellow is too confident. Thinking he’s some peerless expert. Confidence is one thing, but it’s more towards arrogance. He couldn’t see himself properly now. 
“He’ll understand after his death that a true expert will need to lay low.” Xue Qianying said indifferently.
“I gave you a chance but you did not take it, hence you cannot blame me. Give the Dragon Ball to me and I shall leave you a complete corpse.” The Fire Qilin’s patience was at its limit.
“Enough bullshit. Come and get it. This Dragon Ball will be mine to take.”
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2259 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2260


Pretending to be Weak
Jiang Chen’s Heavenly Dragon Sword shone radiantly. The sword’s prestige overflowed the whole battlefield. At this moment, everyone took a deep breath. Looks like Jiang Chen is pretty confident. But could he really fight against the beast? Is the Dragon Ball something that he could take?
“Great spirit. Pity you’re just too weak, way too weak.” The Fire Qilin chuckled as he stomped on the void, shaking the grand canyon.
Flames burst forth, shaking the mountain and river, cracking the whole icy valley and melting the snow covering the mountains. Jiang Chen’s blade swept through the battlefield with vigour. With the Heavenly Dragon Sword, Jiang Chen felt like the world was his to take.
“Such a domineering sword. That sword probably has the energy of a Heavenly Divine Tool.” Xue Qianying said solemnly.
Heavenly Divine Tool, a divine weapon that even her master would keep within her arms. Plus, her master only had a Mid Grade Heavenly Divine Tool.
“Even the Fire Qilin dares not to take it head-on. It obviously knew how terrifying that sword is. Looks like we’re in for a good show.” Xue Rengang glanced at Tan Shanhe and Bai Yunfei.
Jiang Chen fought with vigour and evaded the first wave of attack of the beast. At least, at this moment, he became a true expert in the eyes of Xue Rengang, a hero.
No matter it was Xue Rengang or Tan Shanhe, they did not have the courage to stand before such an extremely ferocious beast like the Fire Qilin. But the weakest Peak Mid Void God, Jiang Chen, stood against it without fear. This was something unimaginable, outrageous, and confusing. Even though Jiang Chen may lose in the end, his fighting spirit was something worth commending.
“Such a terrifying blade!” The Fire Qilin murmured.
He did not say it out loud. Otherwise, this would mean that he really was afraid of this obnoxious lad.
“Killing you will be as easy as breathing.” The Fire Qilin spewed out his natal flame mark that took Xue Qianying a great effort to defend against, and if it wasn’t for the ice soul, she would’ve died there and then. Now, everyone was feeling anxious and nervous for Jiang Chen.
The natal flame mark of the Fire Qilin was terrifying but Jiang Chen did not back off.
“Three Thousand Flames Dragon Seal!”
The Five Elemental True Fire formed the Three Thousand Flames Dragon Seal and instantly destroyed the Fire Qilin’s flame mark because the Three Thousand Flames Dragon Seal happens to suppress the flame mark. Perhaps, for Xue Qianying that flame mark was too hard for her to handle, plus, ice and fire are not compatible. She was completely put down by the Fire Qilin. But for Jiang Chen, it was a different story. The flame mark could not stand against the Three Thousand Flames Dragon Seal.
“This fellow is this strong? He is but a Peak Mid Void God, not even a Late Void God but to think he’s not afraid of the Fire Qilin.” Xiao Ying was once again dumbfounded.
At this moment, he could not believe what he’s seeing. Jiang Chen was not at a disadvantage while facing the beast.
“How is this possible?!”
The Fire Qilin was utterly shocked, too. Jiang Chen’s attack was unstoppable. He managed to block two of my attacks?! It was a shocking result, could the fellow really be just a Mid Void God?
The Fire Qilin also refused to believe what was happening. Jiang Chen’s Heavenly Dragon Sword was exceptionally sharp. Moreover, the beast felt somewhat afraid of the Three Thousand Flames Dragon Seal. The beast thought that it would be lethal if the Three Thousand Flames Dragon Seal manages to land on its body. Moreover, the Heavenly Dragon Sword was unstoppable. If Jiang Chen managed to land a hit on the beast… it won’t be like Xiao Ying’s attack, zero damage. That sword was truly shocking.
“Scorching Heavenly Flame!” The beast once again closed into Jiang Chen.
Jiang Chen used the Fire of Sun to protect himself and clashed with the beast. Moreover, the beast could not use its flame to gain the upper hand and damage Jiang Chen.
“Slaughter Dragon Seal!”
Jiang Chen unleashed another seal with terrifying energy. Bai Yunfei and Tan Shanhe were dumbfounded from his attack. They definitely could not take those attacks head-on. Only those experts above True God could take it.
“Five Elements Battle Dragon Seal!“
Jiang Chen unleashed all his lethal attacks, unleashing the power of a True God even though he was only a Mid Void God. There was nothing to be afraid of in the face of an injured Fire Qilin. Even though it felt like he was the third party in the fight between two neighbours, one should note that Jiang Chen was just a Void God.
The two terrifying seals forced the beast to retreat. Yet he did not suffer any major injuries. But this Void God lad made him realise that there are always monsters out there. To be this powerful at such a young age and to hide his real strength. To willingly become one with the background while the four experts fight at the main stage.
“You have given me enough reason to kill you off.”
The Fire Qilin endured the two seals. Two terrible wounds appeared on its body. But it was still fine because of his sturdy body.
“It’s still not too late to do it now.” Jiang Chen shrugged calmly.
He was prepared to go all-out in this battle. He will not give the beast any chance. He will do whatever it takes to get the Dragon Ball!
“This fellow has gone out of my expectation.” Yang Jian said.
Even the Great Senior Brother of the outer sect such as him did not know much about Jiang Chen. Xue Qianying and the others were filled with curiosity towards this young lad because his strength was mysterious. For a Mid Void God to be this powerful, it was something to be fearful about.
“This fellow… I may not even defeat him at my peak.” Liao Bufan said with a bitter smile.
He finally said what he was really thinking. Even though he could not accept it, he had to say it. Jiang Chen’s performance was something that had surprised every one of them.
“Give him 100 years. Probably, he’ll become another monster in this boundary river realm.” Xiao Ying said.
“Yeah. Not even I, a senior of the sect, knew how secretive he was.” Yang Jian shook his head and said.
He did not know whether he should be happy or embarrassed. Jiang Chen’s strength undoubtedly brought great honour to the Profound Feng Sect.
At this moment, they felt confident about Jiang Chen clashing against the beast, unlike before. He was not losing against the beast.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2260 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2261


Who is Going to Laugh in the End
“Azure Dragon Five Steps!”
Jiang Chen stepped on the void, with each of his steps reaching the heavens. Under his five steps, the void was smashed. The Fire Qilin, filled with unstoppable momentum, clashed wildly with Jiang Chen. Jiang Chen was sent flying and was burnt by Fire Qilin’s monstrous fire. However, Jiang Chen remained calm in spite of the great danger. He waved his hand and put out the monstrous fire then he immediately made another full strike using the Azure Dragon Five Steps, creating great pressure on the Fire Qilin.
“Unification of Dragon and Sword!”
“Fire Filling the Heavens!”
Jiang Chen and the Fire Qilin were once again tangled together fiercely. The dreadful mightiness they released was more powerful than a Mid True God’s mightiness.
After Jiang Chen merged with his sword into one, he pierced through the Heavens and Fire Qilin’s body. At this moment, Fire Qilin was covered with its blood. Under the Unification of Dragon and Sword, the Heavenly Dragon Sword was all-conquering and irresistable. The grade of the Heavenly Dragon Sword had already exceeded the grade of Heavenly Divine Sword. With the Heavenly Dragon Sword’s full display, Jiang Chen was certain that even a Mid True God expert might not dare to confront it. Right now the Fire Qilin was obviously suffering from severe injury. It had become the absolute loser after its body was pierced through by Jiang Chen.
“Why did it become like this, why did it become like this…….”
The Fire Qilin murmured. In the fire bath, the Fire Qilin’s body was recovering continuously, but it did not help much as it could not help him to recover to his best condition.
The Fire Qilin was being reborn in the fire bath. In the flames, it was like a phoenix. It was too difficult to kill it but the injury it had might take a long time to recover.
“I am defeated by a mere Void God? It’s impossible, impossible!”
The Fire Qilin fell down and crawled on the ground. The flames disappeared as well, and suddenly, he seemed to have become a victim.
“Powerful. So powerful,” Liao Bufan said sincerely.
At first, he looked down upon Jiang Chen but now he really admired him. He now realized that it’s impossible for him to take the Dragon Ball away from Jiang Chen. How could someone here be a match for Jiang Chen?
“Pu…….”
Jiang Chen took a step forward and kneeled on the ground. Holding the Heavenly Dragon Sword, he looked slightly pale.
Undeniably, this battle was really astonishing but he had also used up too much Divine Origin Qi and was even hurt by Fire Qilin’s fire. Although it was not difficult to get rid of the monstrous fire, his body was still burnt by the dreadful flames of the beast.
“I lost.”
The Fire Qilin finally lowered his arrogant head down. At this moment, only then did he realise that he was being overly conceited, and not all human experts were weak.
“You deserve this loss.”
Jiang Chen was still confident and proud.
Applaud! Applaud! Applaud!
“It was astonishing to the point that I was so excited. Profound Feng Sect, Happy Valley, Shadow Murder Sect, and Lotus Cloud Sect. The excellent disciples of these four sects had a life-and-death battle with the Fire Qilin and the ferocious beast Ya Zi. It’s really thrilling. I couldn’t help feeling immersed with the battle. However, the ending had become a joke? Haha, losing to an unnamed small potato, a Void God Realm bastard. It’s pitiful and lamentable.”
A ruthless and cold voice suddenly echoed between the heavens and earth. Above the void, a youth, who was carrying a Taichi Chart on his back and riding a green bull, was slowly approaching them. He was emitting an outstanding aura that gave people a sense that he was out of the ordinary. His existence was like the only grain of dust between the heavens and earth, the wisp of smoke and fire, the spring or even the only light.
“Who are you?”
Jiang Chen suddenly raised up his head, looking at the guy who’s waiting to gain advantage. Unfortunately, this guy does not have a chance to take advantage of the situation.
“Seems like we are only the first batch of cannon fodder. The people of Taichi Sect are also here.”
Liao Bufan’s facial expression changed.
“Taichi Sect? You meant Taichi Sect, one of the ten major sects of the Deer Mourn Mountain?”
Shadow Murder Sect’s Xiao Ying was shocked as well. Compared to Taichi Sect, the Shadow Murder Sect was slightly weaker in terms of strength. In the entire Li He Boundary, the people of Taichi Sect could be considered as having some kind of reputation. Deer Mourn Mountain was not a large domain, so it’s quite difficult for a sect to be known in the Li He Boundary. One should know that Profound Feng Sect was unknown in the Li He Boundary. So, compared to Taichi Sect, Profound Feng Sect and Happy Valley were of course weaker.
In the entire Deer Mourn Mountain, the Taichi Sect was quite popular because there was once a Divine King born in their sect. However, that Divine King had already fallen. Despite that, there were still experts of Late Heavenly God Realm taking the helm of the Taichi Sect. That’s why it was ranked high in the Deer Mourn Mountain.
Moreover, Taichi Sect had always been mysterious as their disciples seldom came out. However, unexpectedly, a mysterious disciple who rode a green bull appeared here today.
“I have once heard that there is an incredible genius in the Taichi Sect name Helian Wuji. He is the top amongst the three geniuses in his sect. His brother, Helian Wushuang, is the one riding a green bull. His bull is not an ordinary bull. It’s a Heavenly Divine Bull that is only one grade lower than a Divine Beast. It is quite formidable. Helian Wuji usually lay low, whereas Helian Wushuang is quite high profile. It is because he is one of the three geniuses in Taichi Sect,” Xue Qianying said in a sinking voice.
Yang Jian and the others felt the great pressure immediately. This guy obviously was much more dreadful than them, and his strength was still in its peak right now. Currently, Jiang Chen had also suffered a severe injury and it seemed unrealistic for him, a Mid Void God, to confront a MidTrue God.
The reason he could defeat the Fire Qilin was because the beast had already been injured. It could be considered as part luck. However, right now a very strong expert from Taichi Sect was standing in front of them. Who would dare to go against him?
“Unexpectedly, there are people who know my existence. It’s not simple. It’s not simple. Girl, I think you’re talented and beautiful. How about going back with me to practice another method of cultivation?”
Helian Wushuang smiled and said. He looked very cultured and polite; not many people had seen his dreadfulness before.
“Are you the one who has been following me for five years?”
The Fire Qilin finally squinted its eyes and looked at Helian Wushuang. The beast found him somehow familiar.
“You’re right. I never expected that you were able to notice me before. However, it’s useless to talk about this now.”
Helian Wushuang shook his head, expressing his disappointment at the Fire Qilin.
“I thought that you’re very formidable, but I never expected that you would be defeated by a Void God bastarb.”
Helian Wushuang gave Jiang Chen a glance with a hint of disdain.
“You’re sleeping on brushwood and taste gall. Hehe. It’s as if you’re holding the victory. But it doesn’t matter who has the best smile since who’s going to laugh in the end is the most important.”
The Fire Qilin seemed like sensing the inexorable fate as if everything happened for a reason.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2261 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2262


Shuttle Through the Void
“If you’re so wild and arrogant, why hadn’t you come out in the first place and defeat everyone? Or are you not so confident in your own power? Haha. Mid True God Realm, so what?”
Jiang Chen snorted at Helian Wushuang contemptuously in reply. Although he had suffered a severe injury, he would definitely not let this Helian Wushuang bluff and bluster in front of him.
“You’re wild and crazy. You’re indeed very strong too. However, you’re still not a match for me. You’re too weak for me, even more so now that you are badly injured,” Helian Wushuang shook his head.
“I don’t want to kill anyone here. Give me the Dragon Ball and you all can leave here.”
“It’s impossible. If you want to get the Dragon Ball, you have to go through me first. What do you think? If you can kill me, then you will get what you want.”
Jiang Chen faced Helian Wushuang. Helian Wushuang smiled and the green bull bellowed lightly.
“Even my bull knows that you’re kidding me. Okay. Then, I will bid my farewell with you guys here. I hope that there’s no sorrow in the heave. I will get that Dragon Ball sooner or later.”
“You have slept on brushwood and tasted gall for five years. You’re quite determined, however, you’re unlucky to encounter me here.”
Jiang Chen did not withdraw his step at all. At this moment, he decided to kickstart a slaughtering battle with Helian Wushuang. He would never hand over the Dragon Ball. Only if he defeated Helian Wushang would he obtain the Dragon Ball safely.
“The youngsters nowadays are really ignorant. Haha, I wanted to spare your life actually, but you don’t know how to appreciate it. Such a failure you are…” Helian Wushuang shook his head and laughed lightly.
“This guy had become more and more confident in himself. However, to be honest, I don’t think he can defeat Helian Wushuang. After all, Helian Wushuang is one of the top experts in Taichi Sect and is a very formidable one at that. Meanwhile, his brother is also unparalleled and powerful. He is even more powerful compared to the Fire Qilin. Now that Jiang Chen is suffering a severe injury, it seems like the Dragon Ball will end up falling into Taichi Sect’s hand.” Liao Bufan said calmly.
Although Jiang Chen was indeed very strong, the gap between him and Helian Wushuang was three realms. Moreover, he was severely injured, it was almost impossible for him to overcome Helian Wushuang who was in his best condition right now.
For Xue Qianying and others, the fact that Jiang Chen defeated the Fire Qilin was already completely out of their expectation. It would be unbelievable if Jiang Chen managed to defeat Helian Wushuang. The two of them did not share the same realm at all, so one could already imagine the result of their battle easily.
“Jiang Chen is a bit overly conceited. He shouldn’t fight that guy. Obviously, Helian is playing tricks and was looking for this perfect opportunity. Jiang Chen will fall into the trap this time,” Tan Shanhe said.
“You’re right. However, I still hope that he could make a miracle even though it doesn’t sound possible.”
Bai Yunfei felt regretful, but he knew Jiang Chen’s temperament. Jiang Chen was stubborn and would not admit being inferior to anyone so easily. He was wild and crazy as he did not put others in his eyes. He most probably did not have any cards on his hands to win this final battle.
“If you have the same cultivation realm as me, I might not be a match for you. Too bad, you’re too weak right now. I will take your sword as mine as well,” Helian Wushuang said in a low voice while putting down the bamboo flute on his back.
“I am afraid that you are not capable of having my sword yet. Let’s start. I can’t wait to go back home.”
Jiang Chen sneered.
“Since you’re so impatient, I am going to give you the chance now.”
“My bull, someone is challenging us. Shouldn’t I give him a good lesson?”
“Moo…”
“Even my bull said so. You’re really distasteful. Shepherd’s flutes sound drunk to the ears!”
Helian Wushuang played the flute.
After hearing the flute’s sound, everyone fell into confusion. The sound wave struck everyone like a sharp sword. It was invincible and attacked people in a mystical way. Jiang Chen could not help but take a few steps backwards while his face showed some struggle.
“A sound wave attack is really terrifying.”
Jiang Chen said in a deep voice, his face looking ugly. However, he calmed himself down slowly. The sound wave was designed to attack the soul, fortunately, Jiang Chen’s soul was incredibly strong. A Heavenly God expert might not even be able to overcome him.
“Are you going to play this trick with me? You’re too green. Get out of here!”
Jiang Chen sneered, he then suddenly opened his eyes. A terrifying spiritual ripple spread across in all directions. The entire canyon became chaotic; meanwhile the sound coming from the flute turned into a graceful music that lacked lethality after clashing with Jiang Chen’s spirit.
Helian Wushuang slightly closed his eyes and was astonished by Jiang Chen. This guy was really quite impressive to manage to resist his sound wave attack. Was his spiritual strength that strong?
“Not easy. It’s not easy. If I don’t show more strength, you won’t know how powerful I am.”
Helian Wushuang gripped his hand, then the bamboo flute in his hand suddenly gave off a dazzling radiance, and turned into a pillar that shattered the void. Jiang Chen took a step back instantly as the pillar had covered the entire canyon. It then fell down from the heavens, dropping on Jiang Chen’s head.
Jiang Chen looked intensed while using his sword to defend. The enormous bamboo flute had created too much pressure on him. He was struggling while kneeling down on the ground with one knee. His sword pointed to the bamboo flute while Helian Wushuang pressed against him firecily, thinking of completely smashing him.
“Do you really think that such a small trick can kill me?”
Jiang Chen sneered. He suddenly disappeared from where he was. He seemed not to exist between the heavens and earth, but his silhouette seemed to be able to appear anywhere.
“This? What happened? Where’s Jiang Chen?”
Liao Bufan was completely stunned.
“It is not a simple teleportation. It’s not! It’s the Great Void Teleportation.”
Xue Qianying’s facial expression finally showed some excitement. Great Void Teleportation was something even the Divine King experts could not achieve. From what she knew, no one was able to achieve the Great Void Teleportation until now because only the one who had the Spatial Formation Technique can achieve the Great Void Teleportation.
“Impossible! It’s impossible! Where did he go?.”
Yang Jian’s countenance fell while his heart was in a state of great shock. What was happening completely made him dumbfounded.
“Shuttling through the void, what is this……”
Helian Wushuang was shocked as well. Powerful experts usually had more knowledge about how difficult shuttling through void was. They knew that one could be easily killed by the turbulence in the void while shuttling through the void. However, Jiang Chen was able to do so.
When the bamboo flute fell down, the entire canyon was torn apart completely. Jiang Chen appeared behind Helian Wushuang and made a heavy blow with his Slaughter Dragon Seal.
Helian Wushuang was terrified, but his green bull immediately took action and brought him out some distance away.
“It has become more and more interesting.”
Helian Wushuang raised his eyebrows as he found the battle more and more interesting.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2262 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2263


Divine Burying Flag Released its Mightiness Again
Everyone was dumbstruck by Jiang Chen’s void shuttling technique. One should know that even formidable Divine Kings or Hierarchs might not be able to do that. Void Shuttling was quite dangerous as well. If anything went wrong, one could easily be killed in the void turbulence.
Ever since Jiang Chen entered the Divine World, he had never used his Great Void Technique in front of anyone else because he would not simply cast the technique unless he encountered a real crisis. This was a way to help him survive. In fact, if he wanted to run away right now, Helian Wushuang would not be able to stop him. If he chose to hide inside the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda, it would be even harder to find him. However, he couldn’t leave Bai Yunfei, Yang Jian and the others behind. He didn’t want to do that.
Although Jiang Chen was not a man full of kindness, he still knew and valued friendship. Yang Jian and Bai Yunfei were not ungrateful men. For Jiang Chen, they were definitely worth befriending. Jiang Chen always made friends with people according to his conduct. If he did not care for you, he would not care even if you’re formidable.
“Void shuttling? Let me see how you are going to shuttle through my Taichi Boundless Great Formation!”
Helian Wushuang snorted. In a flash, he set up the Taichi Boundless Great Formation using around three hundred Mid-grade Divine Origin Stones. It looked quite mystical as the surrounding ten miles within the canyon were engulfed by the formation. By controlling the formation, he could control the situation. Although Jiang Chen was shuttling through the void, he was confident that he could sense Jiang Chen’s location within the Taichi Boundless Great Formation.
“This formation is indeed quite mystical.”
Jiang Chen frowned. The invisible energy shield covered the surrounding ten miles of the entire canyon. Jiang Chen shivered in his heart, but he was going to show Helian Wushuang his true colours.
“This formation is formed up by the spiritual air between the heavens and earth. If I create a disturbance on the spiritual air between the heavens and earth, the formation might lose its effect.”
Jiang Chen kept his Heavenly Dragon Sword and started wielding the Divine Burying Flag. He then started spinning it around the whole universe. Thunderstorms, waves, and snow filled the entire canyon. The Taichi Boundless Great Formation that Helian Wushuang had set up started to shake right now as the spiritual air was in chaos. At this moment, a gloomy wind swept across the canyon and shook the mountains. Helian Wushuang immediately withdrew himself while his face was filled with seriousness.
“Is this…… the Divine Burying Flag?”
Xua Qianying’s countenance fell as she had never expected that Jiang Chen would also possess the Divine Burying Flag apart from his Heavenly Dragon Sword, which was even more powerful than a Divine tool. The Divine Burying Flag was undeniably a Heavenly Divine Tool, moreover, it was especially effective in restraining things with dark power.
The mightiness of the Divine Burying Flag was quite terrifying. It was almost impossible for those under the Heavenly God realm to overcome this Divine Tool.
“Oh no? This guy has the Divine Burying Flag? It’s ridiculous. I have heard that the Divine Burying Flag only existed in the tomb of a peerless expert. Only in the divine tomb one could see such an existence. Almost no one knows the formidable power of the Divine Burying Flag. It is not something that could bring luck,” Xiao Ying said.
At this moment, no one dared to underestimate Jiang Chen anymore. Regardless of the Heavenly Dragon Sword or the Divine Burying Flag, they were both Divine Tools. They were peerless treasures that they might not have the qualification to obtain. However, they were unexpectedly possessed by Jiang Chen, who was only a Void God.
Anyway, this represented Jiang Chen’s capability. Despite feeling slightly unresigned, Liao Bufan was well-aware that he would not be a match for Jiang Chen if they were going to have a life-and-death battle. How would he be able to do that with his Mid Void God strength? Jiang Chen’s background and identity was mysterious to them as well because he had these two peerless Divine Tools.
Yang Jian and Bai Yunfei exchanged a glance with each other then smiled bitterly. However, they were actually quite grateful that Jiang Chen was a Profound Feng Sect’s disciple.
“I guess that it is impossible for me to think about achieving your standard.”
Bai Yunfei was a bit sad when thinking about Jiang Chen’s background. There was a huge gap between him and Jiang Chen in terms of their strength. It would be ridiculous for him to think about competing with Jiang Chen in the future. However, Jiang Chen had mentioned before that he wanted to challenge Yan Huo Demon Yan Cheng instead of him.
If Jiang Chen could eliminate Helian Wushuang, of course, Yan Cheng would only be a piece of cake to him. Only now did Bai Yunfei truly understand that Jiang Chen and him had different levels of eyesight.
Yang Jian felt the same. Although Jiang Chen had been very mysterious about his background, he was pure and kind-hearted. With his Great Void Technique, Yang Jian, Bai Yunfei and the others knew that it would be just a piece of cake for him to escape this place as Helian Wushuang would not be able to stop him. However, he did not leave even until now. This showed that there were two reasons. Firstly, he was unwilling to see others getting killed, so he decided to stay here at the cost of his life. Another reason was that he was confident that he could defeat Helian Wushuang.
No matter which one was the reason, both reasons were good for Yang Jian and others. A brother like Jiang Chen deserved their effort in the battle.
The Taichi Boundless Great Formation was damaged by Jiang Chen and was now broken. The hundreds of Mid-grade Divine Origin Stones vanished at this moment and it’s heartbreaking. However, Helian Wushuang did not seem to care about all of this at all. Instead, he was thrilled by Jiang Chen’s treasures, the Heavenly Dragon Sword and Divine Burying Flag.
These two things were not less worthy than the value of the Dragon Ball.
“I am going to have a good harvest today. The past five years was not wasted luckily. Now only I know the true harvest is here. Hahaha.”
Helian Wushuang looked at Jiang Chen as if he was looking at a delicious chicken drumstick.
“If you want to leave today, I won’t be able to stop you. But if you don’t want to leave, then taste my strength today. A Void God bastard. The Divine Tools are wasted in your hands. It’s better if you give them to me. If I go back with that sword and flag, even my annoying brother would not be a match for me. I really have an irresistible divine luck today. hahaha”
Helian Wushuang, with the bamboo flute in hand, stepped on the green bull and charged towards Jiang Chen. The bamboo flute was incredibly dreadful. The strike it made was in the form of sound waves every time.
To deal with this attack, Jiang Chen had no choice but to be very careful. In addition, Helian Wushuang was indeed a powerful expert. If he made any mistake, he might be killed.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2263 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2264


Melt the Luminous Cauldron
“Unfortunately, your sound wave attack doesn’t work on me.”
Jiang Chen sneered. He then wielded the Divine Burying Flag to stir up terrifying waves to break through the sky. The rocks in the canyon were cleaved and rolled down while the snow slid down. The scene was magnificent and grande but it was also filled with chaos. Ordinary people probably would not be able to escape from an avalanche like this.
The mightiness of Jiang Chen’s Divine Burying Flag had put Helian Wushuang into a predicament in a short period of time. The bamboo flute in his hand was also a piece of Divine Tool but it was not comparable to Jiang Chen’s because the Divine Burying Flag was not an ordinary treasure. Gloomy winds swept across the entire canyon accompanied by a winter storm while the two of them were engaged in a fierce fight.
In terms of Divine Tools, Jiang Chen’s weapons were obviously more powerful than Helian Wushuang’s weapons. However, in terms of the cultivation realm, Jiang Chen was much inferior compared to the latter. Without the Divine Burying Flag, how would it be possible for Jiang Chen to fight Helian Wushuang who was at the Mid True God realm?
“Seems like you’re pushing me to take out my trump card.”
Helian Wushung squinted his eyes. In a flash, a cauldron appeared in his hand. The cauldron was truly a powerful weapon, emitting a terrifying aura. The cauldron broke through the vault of the sky while blocking the myriad of things in the world. It engulfed Jiang Chen’s head but Jiang Chen used the Divine Burying Flag to resist the cauldron.
“Although your Divine Burying Flag is all-conquering, my Luminous Cauldron is not weak as well.”
Helian Wushuang pushed the Luminous Cauldron with his strength and the Luminous Cauldron managed to overcome the Divine Burying Flag this time.
It was not because the Divine Burying Flag was not as powerful as the Luminous Cauldron. Rather, it’s because the one using the Luminous Cauldron had a higher cultivation realm than Jiang Chen. Therefore, it was reasonable that Jiang Chen could not be defeated so easily but he was still constrained. If two of them had the same combat strength, it was possible for Jiang Chen to kill Helian Wushuang within a second using the dreadful Divine Burying Flag.
“Luminous Cauldron suppresses in all directions!” Helian Wushuang shouted in rage.
Jiang Chen looked like he was struggling again.
“Will Jiang Chen be able to withstand this?”
Liao Bufan was shocked.
“Even the Divine Burying Flag couldn’t defeat Helian Wushaung, how dreadful he is,” Xiao Ying said in a serious manner.
“Are we really going to be killed by this guy right here?”
Tan Shanhe felt quite disappointed and he was even fearful about death. Once Jiang Chen died, they would all be killed as well as this Helian Wushuang was a cruel and ruthless man. It’s impossible for him to let them go alive.
Jiang Chen was suffering under the absolute constraint of Helian Wushuang. Jiang Chen hasn’t suffered any injuries yet, but the Luminous Cauldron almost suffocated him. If this situation continues, his defeat would come sooner.
“You’re not a match for me. I have already told you from the very beginning.”
Helian Wushuang was incomparably confident while suppressing Jiang Chen. Jiang Chen’s Divine Burying Flag lost its mightiness at this moment.
“Unification of Dragon and Sword!”
Suddenly, Jiang Chen erupted with a dreadful soaring momentum. However, this didn’t even force Helian Wushuang to take a step backward at all. The indestructible Unification of Dragon and Sword still lost its brilliance under the suppression of the Luminous Cauldron.
However, Helian Wushuang was heartbroken because he saw that there was a crack appearing on his Luminous Cauldron.
“I am going to kill you! My Luminous Cauldron!”
Helian Wushuang was enraged, he must eliminate this guy and take away Jiang Chen’s Heavenly Dragon Sword and Divine Burying Flag.
“Cough… cough…”
Jiang Chen looked a bit panicked with the current situation. Helian Wushuang once again made a heavy blow with the Luminous Cauldron. Even if the Luminous Cauldron was going to be smashed, he wanted to crush Jiang Chen along with it.
“Unparalleled Taichi, divine mightiness in all directions!”
Helian Wushuang held the Taichi Chart, sealing it on the Luminous Cauldron. Jiang Chen resisted the cauldron’s mightiness this time with one of his arms. However, he could not break through the Luminous Cauldron because its strength had just been boosted, and now it had the Taichi Chart as the foundation to constraint. It’s not that easy for Jiang Chen to break through the cauldron now.
“Seems like I am going to call my friends as well.”
When Yang Jian and others were distressed, Jiang Chen shouted suddenly. The Twelve Fire God Guards suddenly appeared in front of Jiang Chen and surrounded him. The Twelve Fire God Guards jacked the Luminous Cauldron up together. These twelve Fire God Guards were already at the half-step True God Realm due to the advancement of Jiang Chen’s strength. This advancement might not seem much, but once the twelve of them joined hands together, it was a huge difference.
The power of the twelve Fire God Guards was enough to kill an expert at the True God Realm.
The mightiness of the Fire God Guards was astonishing. Everyone was startled and even Helian Wushuang’s countenance fell. The twelve Fire God Guards were capable of resisting the suppression of the Luminous Cauldron and even the Taichi Chart on the cauldron seemed to be cracking now.
“Why am I feeling palpitations when looking at these flaming puppets?”
The Fire Qilin murmured while Ya Zi also gave it a glance.
“Do you feel this way as well? These flaming puppets don’t seem easy to defeat.”
“If he summoned these flaming puppets earlier, I would have turned tail and run.”
The Fire Qilin smiled bitterly. At this moment, Jiang Chen’s image had become even grander in their hearts. Jiang Chen’s image kept growing in their hearts.
“Kaca……Kaca…….”
Jiang Chen’s Fire God Guards were melting the Taichi Chart with their flames, and in the end, the Taichi Chart was completely shattered. The Karmic Fire of the Red Lotus was enough to shatter the Taichi Chart, obviously. Moreover, even the Luminous Cauldron started melting under the roasting of the Fire God Guards’s flame at this moment.
Helian Wushuang retreated in panic while his face looked terrible.
“How could this be possible? These flaming puppets managed to melt a Divine Tool like the Luminous Cauldron.”
Helian Wushuang was in a state of great shock but he knew how strong he was. To deal with these Fire God Guards, he had already enhanced himself to the best condition. However, Jiang Chen still came up with a lot of tricks that had numbed him.
The fact that the Luminous Cauldron had been melted left a strong impact on Helian Wushuang. In his eyes, his Luminous Cauldron was a great treasure and it had been with him for a long time. Who knew that it would be melted by Jiang Chen today.
“It’s okay. I am going to take your Divine Burying Flag and your sword to compensate for the loss.”
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2264 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2265


Crazy Confidence
“You have been thinking too much. Defeat my twelve Fire God Guards first before saying anything. Haha.”
Jiang Chen smiled with pride. He then took a few steps backwards while slightly grasping for breath as the injury he was suffering was quite severe. The suppression of the Luminous Cauldron had made him suffer quite a bit. At that moment, it was impossible for him to leave under the suppression of the Taichi Chart. If he left otherwise, the Divine Burying Flag would be suppressed and taken away by Helian Wushuang. This was something that Jiang Chen didn’t want to see.
“Your flaming puppets are indeed very strong. However, I forgot to tell you that I am also a master of formation. Taste my Nine Palaces Sword Formation.”
Helian Wushuang sneered, and summoned out nine puppets as well. However, compared to Jiang Chen’s twelve Fire God Guards, they were obviously much weaker. They were only at the peak Void God Realm. However, the most important thing about these puppets was once the Nine Palaces Sword Formation was set up, they would become more vigorous than the twelve Fire God Guards. The mightiness emitted by the sword formation would fill up the gap of their strength. Meanwhile, under the Nine Palaces Sword Formation, Jiang Chen’s Fire God Guards were under absolute constraint.
“Helian Wushuang is too incredible.”
Yang Jian said in a deep voice. Since the beginning of the battle, Jiang Chen’s safety had fallen into a very embarrassing situation because none of them were able to help Helian Wushuang. Jiang Chen could only rely on his own power. It’s undeniable that Jiang Chen was put into despair after Helian Wushuang kept revealing different kinds of trump cards.
“He is the number two disciple in the Taichi Sect. Of course, he is formidable and it’s rare to have an expert like him in the Deer Mourn Mountain.”
“No one would disagree with what you said. Jiang Chen’s situation is really precarious.”
“It’s hard to say. A mountain maybe higher than another mountain. I don’t believe that Jiang Chen will lose.”
Bai Yunfei chose to believe Jiang Chen unconditionally because there was no other way out right now. Jiang Chen was their last chance. If Jiang Chen was defeated, all of them would face death.
“Your Nine Palaces Sword Formation seemed to be not that bad. But are you sure that you can resist my twelve Fire God Guards?” Jiang Chen said faintly.
Helian Wushuang looked at his own Nine Palaces Sword Formation for a while then gave Jiang Chen a suspicious glance.
“Don’t try to play tricks on me. They might not be able to resist you but the moment I kill you, your flaming puppets won’t be able to break through my Nine Palaces Sword Formation. Haha.”
“I admire your insane confidence. However, you have to be sure that you can kill me first.”
Jiang Chen stepped on the void and soared to the sky, making Helian Wushuang look inferior. They once again clashed. Holding the Heavenly Dragon Sword in his hand, Jiang Chen used all of his strength and he was not reckless anymore at this moment. The same went to Helian Wushuang. He would definitely strike a heavy blow against Jiang Chen.
“It’s your honour to die under my Taichi Eight Trigrams Palm!”
Helian Wushuang raised up his hand, pressing against Jiang Chen with a towering fighting spirit. His palm attack was strong as it was formed from the spiritual air between the heavens and earth.
Jiang Chen was unable to dodge the attack and was hit by Helian Wushuang’s palm twice. The pain he suffered was indescribable and now he suffered yet another severe injury.
“Heaven Sealing Qi Lockdown Grand Formation, open it up!”
Helian Wushuang sealed Jiang Chen down in his formation. The Heaven Sealing Qi Lockdown Grand Formation was a skill used to trap the air between the heavens and earth, so that Jiang Chen would not be able to escape easily by shuttling through the void.
Helian Wushuang’s Taichi Eight Trigrams Palm was all-conquering as it was formed by the spiritual air between the heavens and earth. Meanwhile, the Heaven Sealing Qi Lockdown Grand Formation had put Jiang Chen into a predicament.
“Jiang Chen won’t be able to run away this time.”
“All in all, we are defeated. We are too naive to believe that a Void God could save us.”
The Fire Qilin said with disdain. But it had no contempt for Jiang Chen as Jiang Chen had already gained its respect. A Divine Monster’s pride was even greater than a human—once they approved you, they would not change their mind.
What made the Fire Qilin heave a sigh was Xue Qianying, Yang Jian, Liao Bufan, Xiao Ying and the others. They had claimed themselves as peerless geniuses, but all of them became cowards at this moment. They did not have the competence to turn the situation around at all.
“Maybe this is destiny.”
Xue Qianying murmured as she could already foresee the ending of the battle was coming very soon. Under Helian Wushuang’s dreadful attacks, it was hard for Jiang Chen to make any counterattack. His flaming puppets were all under Helian Wushuang’s absolute constraint while he was repulsed by the Taichi Eight Trigrams Palm. The Taichi Eight Trigrams Palms was a secret cultivation method of the Taichi Sect. The mightiness of this peerless cultivation technique was imaginable.
Under the Heaven Sealing Qi Lockdown Grand Formation, Jiang Chen was in a complete passive position and was repulsed by Helian Wushuang over and over again.
“That’s right. We don’t have the right to complain here,” Yang Jian said coldly.
The world was cruel and humans were cold-hearted. Jiang Chen was only a common disciple of the Outer Sect of the Profound Feng Sect. However, the cost and responsibility he bore for this battle was too high.
Jiang Chen did not choose to leave but choose to stay and fight until the end. This showed that he wanted everyone to live. At least, they would not be killed by the ruthless Helian Wushuang.
However, the expected ending still happened. This was an ending and suffering that no one was willing to accept.
“Jiang Chen, I, Bai Yunfei will see you as my role model. Although you have lost, you gain the glory.”
Bai Yunfei was furious and his heart trembled. Unfortunately, he couldn’t offer any help at all. Under the grand formation, Jiang Chen was repulsed again. He could feel that a sword was stabbing on his heart as they could only let Jiang Chen fight alone against Helian Wushuang. They could only stand and watch the battle.
“You won’t be able to defeat me.”
Helian Wushuang stared at Jiang Chen ruthlessly while attacking him with his terrifying palm. Jiang Chen was extremely careful now that he fell into a passive position. Everyone’s eyes were filled with sympathy as Jiang Chen’s current situation was miserable. His preservation of staying for the people of Profound Feng Sect was really admirable.
“He’s really silly but adorable.”
Yang Jian murmured. He wished that Jiang Chen chose to leave at the very beginning. If he did so, this scene would not have happened.
Jiang Chen wiped away the blood on the corner of his mouth while trying to dodge Helian Wushuang’s attack. But the space he was allowed to move was very limited under Heaven Sealing Qi Lockdown Grand Formation. Right now, being attacked was the only situation for Jiang Chen as he did not have any chance to counterattack at all.
Right now, Helian Wushuang also took this chance to keep attacking Jiang Chen. If he did not kill Jiang Chen at this moment, Jiang Chen might come up with different kinds of tricks again. If that happened, he would suffer a great loss as Jiang Chen was a huge troublemaker to him.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2265 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2266


Are You Really Transcending Your Tribulation?
“He may not fall from this,” Xue Qianying said quietly.
She saw a shred of decisiveness in Jiang Chen’s eyes. He has not given up all hope. He was preparing for something, a final strike. Those eyes were not of despair but of rage and coldness.
Xue Qianying found out that this fellow was truly powerful. Now, even if she refused to acknowledge it, the fact was there. Even she herself may not be Jiang Chen’s match. The performance he had exhibited was just too striking. Xue Qianying would view Jiang Chen as her idol if he managed to kill Helian Wushuang.
Could that final strike change the whole situation around?
Xue Qianying was doubtful, but she still held a single ray of hope towards Jiang Chen.
“You do not have a chance anymore. Surrender. In this Heaven Sealing Qi Lockdown Grand Formation, not even a fly could get out of this place.”
“I refuse to believe it!”
Jiang Chen repeatedly flew towards the sky with the Heavenly Dragon Sword in his hand, slashing continuously, attempting to break the grand formation.
Helian Wushuang then repeatedly reinforced the formation. The Taichi Eight Trigram Palm was getting stronger by the second and attacks were bombarding Jiang Chen from all directions, making it impossible for him to evade, increasing the injuries on his body.
“Is it truly indestructible?” Jiang Chen murmured.
“Naturally. You’ll have to train for a few hundred years if you want to break free from my formation. Haha. You’re at fault for today’s misfortune. Moreover, there are two Heavenly Divine Tools that’ll be given to me. I truly do not know how to thank you. Haha. Today is truly a great and happy day. The Dragon Ball and those Heavenly Divine Tools will be mine to take.”
Helian Wushuang looked up towards the sky proudly. Jiang Chen was just a dying man to him. It was impossible for Jiang Chen to turn things around.
“Let’s end this,” Helian Wushuang said with a smile.
His smile was filled with confidence, a smile of victory. Five years of continuously chasing and pursuing, today shall be the day to reap his rewards. Moreover, there’s an accidental reward, which was Jiang Chen. Honestly, this time, Helian Wushuang will become the strongest disciple of the Taichi sect. He will pull his big brother down from the throne of the number one prodigy after he returns.
He was feeling an unprecedented excitement at the moment. Jiang Chen was just a dying man.
“No, you’re wrong. Everything is just starting.” Jiang Chen gave a slight smile and slowly looked up.
All the clouds within the thousand li had gathered above him like a dark vortex. Thunder and lightning rumbled across the sky. An extremely gigantic pressure pressed on everyone, it felt like the whole sky was about to fall down.
Snow fell within the canyon, the whole place became a stretch of ruin.
Those terrifying thunder clouds in the sky gathered together and struck a flash of powerful lightning.
Everyone held their breaths and quietly watched as the scene unfold. The change that was happening in the sky. What is happening?
Even at this moment, no one knew that Jiang Chen was the one who brought forth the thunder clouds.
“What is happening?” Helian Wushuang said.
That terrifying thunder clouds even shocked him. He could not understand why and how these terrifying thunder clouds appeared on top of him.
“This is? Somebody is trying to transcend their tribulation?”
“Yes. Those are not ordinary thunder clouds. This is the Heavenly Lightning Tribulation.”
“Could it be Jiang Chen?”
“How could this be? Jiang Chen is just at the Peak of Mid Void God realm. How could such a terrifyingly powerful lighting tribulation come for him? Are you joking?”
Jiang Chen flew up towards the sky as Liao Bufan finished his sentence. Jiang Chen looked at the sky with vigour.
“Is it really Jiang Chen trying to transcend his tribulation?” Bai Yunfei gasped.
“Since you’re so confident about your Heaven Sealing Qi Lockdown Grand Formation and I can’t escape from here. Then, let both of us stay here and transcend the tribulation together.”
Actually, Jiang Chen did not want to transcend his tribulation right now. Because he did not want the others to know about the Dawn Sky Golden Lightning. It’ll surely bring attention to him. Moreover, it was one of his trump cards, he did not want to expose it. It would be best if there wasn’t anyone here, but the people of the Lotus Cloud Sect, Happy Valley and Shadow Murder Sect were present. Jiang Chen could not silence everyone here, hence, he had to summon the lightning tribulation to cover it up.
The lightning tribulation was summoned by Jiang Chen’s Dawn Sky Golden Lightning. Once the Dawn Sky Golden Lightning falls, Helian Wushuang will be nothing.
“You… you… you want to transcend your tribulation?!” Helian Wushuang said in shock.
This lightning tribulation gave him a shred of fear, it was not an ordinary lightning tribulation.
“Are you serious? This fella is going to transcend his tribulation here.” Xiao Ying said while shaking.
There was only one word that could describe Jiang Chen—MONSTER. Such a monster should not exist in this world, otherwise, how could prodigies like him survive? They’ll just bring shame to themselves by being called prodigies.
Jiang Chen’s transcending his tribulation?!
Everyone started to raise this unbelievable question. But it was a fact. The thunder clouds above Jiang Chen was proof and it was not your ordinary lightning tribulation either.
Everyone was thinking about how monstrous this fellow was, they felt powerless in front of him. They could never surpass him, and could only respect him. They were in fact in a higher realm than Jiang Chen but their strength was absurdly different.
Even though they refuse to admit it, they were happy to see it. Because this was Jiang Chen’s final chance in defeating Helian Wushuang. The latter will not be able to leave this place once Jiang Chen succeeds.
“Everyone’s talent is different. His talent gave us infinite possibilities and pressure.” Xue Qianying looked at Jiang Chen
At this moment, the tribulation was about to descend. The snowy white mountainous region was covered by a black clump of clouds for the first time in millions of years.
Helian Wushuang’s expression changed. His face became serious. He did not believe that Jiang Chen would transcend his tribulation now, but the fact was that Jiang Chen was really going to do it.
This Heavenly Lightning Tribulation was different from the average lightning tribulation. Once the clouds are formed, it will never stop until it’s finished. Moreover, could Jiang Chen survive under the Heavenly Lightning Tribulation? It wasn’t just Helian Wushuang’s concern. He was worried whether HE could survive this ordeal.
“Now you’re on your last legs? But how are you able to withstand the nine lightning tribulation?” Helian Wushang said.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2266 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2267


Chapter 2267
Playing with Fire and the Dust Settled
“Your concern is not needed. Your Heaven Sealing Qi Lockdown Grand Formation is truly air-tight. Let this lightning tribulation give you a lesson. I cannot run away, but neither can you. I’ll pull you down to the grave with me, so what? Hahaha!” Jiang Chen said proudly while giving off a maniacal laugh with his eyes filled with cold killing intent.
“Trying to take me down with you? You’re not worthy.” Helian Wushuang instantly moved, trying to leave the Heaven Sealing Qi Lockdown Grand Formation.
But at this moment, the thunder clouds finally fell.
“Bastard! You’re playing with fire! Don’t you know that?!”
Helian Wushuang’s eyes had a shred of fear. Now, he finally knew that the lightning tribulation was not a joke. However, Jiang Chen could also not run away from this heavenly tribulation. Jiang Chen wanted to die together with him, upon which he initially thought that Jiang Chen didn’t have the guts to do so.
“You will never kill me,” Helian Wushuang harrumphed as he flew away.
However, the heavenly lightning on top of his head struck at this moment. Everyone felt pained from just looking. The Dawn Sky Golden Lightning struck on Helian Wushuang’s head.
“No!” Helian Wushuang roared furiously, and withstood the Dawn Sky Golden Lightning.
Unfortunately, he was gravely injured from this single bolt of lightning. Jiang Chen’s lips curved into a sly smile. It’s just one.
After that, the rumbling became much more frequent, the terrifying thunder clouds were gathering. Jiang Chen was leisurely walking below the lightning tribulation without fear. Whereas, Helian Wushuang was continuously struck by a dozen of Dawn Sky Golden Lightning. The pain… The Dawn Sky Golden Lightning was only aiming at Helian Wushuang, it’s like it’s ignoring Jiang Chen.
“I cannot accept this. I cannot accept this!!!” Helian Wushuang’s face was covered with tears and one could see rage and regret in his eyes.
With the barrage of lightning striking on his body, he lost all methods of defending himself. He was like a dying dog, helplessly struggling.
“How are you okay? How?!” Helian Wushuang shouted as his injuries worsened.
His expression was worsening by the second as he roared unceasingly. Jiang Chen walked towards Helian Wushuang and took a Dawn Sky Golden Lightning head-on, completely unharmed. This further pissed Helian Wushuang off.
Xue Qianying couldn’t help but shiver from this sight. The instant the Dawn Sky Golden Lightning struck, Helian Wushuang despaired. At that moment, he lost all desire. Most importantly, Jiang Chen could ignore the Heavenly Lightning Tribulation.
Amidst the sighing and shock, they could only choose to respect Jiang Chen from a distance. Even if Jiang Chen were to fall now, they wouldn’t dare to ask the Dragon Ball from him because only God knows what cards he has left on his sleeve. Facing the Fire Qilin, facing Helian Wushuang, one of the strongest disciples of Taichi Sect, Jiang Chen was able to pull cards after cards out of his sleeves. This fellow was like the ultimate hidden boss.
Yet, he was only a Mid Void God, and every one of them thought that he’s an easy target. This fellow’s acting skills were better than anyone.
“I really want to know why the Heavenly Lightning Tribulation only struck Helian Wushuang and not Jiang Chen?”
“I too have the same question.” Liao Bufan looked at Xiao Ying and said.
At this moment, Helian Wushuang’s body was smoking from the Dawn Sky Golden Lightning.
“Why, why……” Helian Wushuang murmured painfully as he died in regret!
His body was burned to ashes, his whole body charred. In the end, Helian Wushuang’s body became a pile of ash under the Dawn Sky Golden Lightning.
He died in his own Heaven Sealing Qi Lockdown Grand Formation. He could only blame himself for his death.
Bai Yunfei couldn’t help but shiver. This Jiang Chen is unbelievably strong.
“So weak? Aren’t you strong? How did you become so weak? Can’t even take on a few lightning strikes. Shame. Haih.” Jiang Chen said disdainfully and shook his head.
Xue Qianying couldn’t help but roll her eyes. Do you think everyone is as monstrous as you? Who else can take it? Nobody could withstand that lightning tribulation like he’s going through a walk!
“Finally, that fellow is dead.” The Fire Qilin’s eyes shone, plotting something.
At this moment, the Ya Zi disappeared without a trace. The Fire Qilin felt the situation was going bad and took this chance to run away too. Jiang Chen was too lazy to hunt down those two fellows. After all, the Dragon Ball was already in his possession, plus he was also gravely injured.
“Why are you unharmed when the Heavenly Lightning struck you?” Xue Qianying asked Jiang Chen.
She was genuinely curious. Did he wear any protection charm or armour? That couldn’t be. Otherwise, he would not be injured by Helian Wushuang.
“Yeah. I am curious too.” Yang Jian looked at Jiang Chen and asked.
“Maybe, because of my great charisma, my looks. Who can say what happened? Is it wrong for me to be handsome?” Jiang Chen gave Xue Qianying a smoky look.
“Shameless!” Xue Qianying said while blushing.
This fellow still dares to flirt with her. But in the end, if it wasn’t for Jiang Chen, Helian Wushuang or the Fire Qilin would have never let them go.
“Is it wrong for me to be handsome? Senior Yang. Aren’t I modest?” Jiang Chen said innocently.
“Ye-yeah. You’re very modest.” Yang Jian said while clenching his teeth. He felt disgusted having to say that word out himself.
Xue Qianying, Liao Bufan and Xiao Ying left. They did not want the Dragon Ball anymore, Jiang Chen allowing them to return safely was enough for them.
Moreover, since he had no enmities towards those big sects, he did not need to silence them and make enemies for him and the Profound Feng Sect, it will not be a good trade.
“Taichi Sect. I will never forgive you. Good luck.” Xue Qianying left a word and left.
The grand canyon was in tatters and ruins. But the place was still as cold as ever.
“This time, it is all thanks to you Jiang Chen. You really hid pretty deep. Not even the Fire Qilin nor Helian Wushuang was your match. I heard that Helian Wushuang was one of Taichi Sect’s prodigies. His brother is even stronger than him.” Bai Yunfei said with a smile, feeling happy for Jiang Chen.
After going through such an ordeal, Jiang Chen finally got the Dragon Ball he wanted.
“Yeah, we would’ve died here if it wasn’t for you. There is always someone better than us in the world…. We need to leave here as soon as possible. The people of Taichi Sect will certainly come. We must not say a word on what has happened here today.” Yang Jian said solemnly.
Jiang Chen and the gang did not have a chance to rest and quickly left the Qiyun Mountain Range.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2267 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2268


The Frozen Field
A day later, when the night fell, a meteor appeared out of the blue. A buffed middle-aged man with terrifying killing intent appeared, however he was already too late.
The middle-aged man wore a Taichi robe. He had a long fine beard and a cold pair of eyes. He closed his eyes and took a deep breath… then he suddenly opened his eyes filled with killing intent.
“The Fire Qilin and… a hint of… Karmic Fire of the Red Lotus. The Karmic Fire of the Red Lotus…. It has not been seen for a few thousand years.”
The middle-aged man’s expression sunk and sighed. A dead person shall never live again. The man then rushed towards the Lotus Cloud Sect.
In the grand hall of the Lotus Cloud Sect, the image of lotuses could be seen carved on their pillars and paintings. Lotus flowers covered the whole mountain, the invigorating fragrance of flora was everywhere.
In the grand hall, a middle-aged lady sat on top of a thousand petal lotus platform. Her eyes opened and looked up at a ray of light shuttling through the sky, closing in onto the Lian Tai Mountain.
“I’m Taiji Zi of Taichi Sect. Greetings.” A cold shout was heard.
The middle-aged lady, who’s holding a green lotus in her hand, frowned with her extremely beautiful and elegant face.
“On what occasion does Brother Taiji come? Little Sister is honoured.” The Sect Lord of the Lotus Cloud Sect, Qing Lianzi, said calmly.
Taiji Zi’s gaze was cold, making Qing Lianzi feel puzzled.
“Are you playing a fool?! My Taichi Sect’s prodigy Helian Wushuang died under your Lotus Cloud Sect territory, the Qiyun Mountain Range and without a corpse to boot. Hence, I hope the Sect Lord will give me a good explanation.” Taiji Zi said coldly.
“Is there such a thing?” Qing Lianzi’s beautiful brow frowned slightly, her expression became cold.
“I felt the lingering qi of your Lotus Cloud Sect techniques on the scene. Ask your disciple and we shall know.” Taiji Zi said.
“Alright. Since the disciple of your sect unfortunately died in my sect’s territory. Then, I have to know about it. Where is Qianying? Come and see me as soon as possible.” An amplified voice resounded through the mountain. In less than ten breaths of time, Qianying arrived at the hall.
“Yes. It’s this qi.” Taiji Zi squinted his eyes.
“What matters does the master summon me for?” Xue Qianying greeted her with respect.
“Asking the obvious! Yesterday, in the grand canyon of the Qiyun Mountain Range, my sect’s disciple, Helian Wushuang, died. Did you kill him?” Taiji Zi’s words made Qing Lianzi’s eyes become cold.
Her expression became cold. A gigantic pressure was unleashed, making Xue Qianying take a dozen steps back to stabilise her body.
“Taiji Zi. Do not think that because your sect has become famous that you can do whatever you want in my sect. This is not the place for you to do as you please. What are you planning? Making things hard for my disciple.
“I have been patient with you from the moment you entered my Lotus Cloud Sect, I hope you do not cross the line.”
Taiji Zi hesitated a moment and silently nodded.
“I was being hasty. I only wanted to know whether you know how Helian Wushuang died.” Taiji Zi once again looked at Xue Qianying with domineering pressure.
“This junior doesn’t know.” Xue Qianying said.
“A ‘doesn’t know’ to send me away? I think you’re playing a fool. Could it be that my disciple is killed by you?!” Taiji Zi said.
“I seriously do not know.” Xue Qianying replied again.
“Are you lying to me?” Taiji Zi increased his volume and harrumphed.
“Looks like Brother Taiji is ignoring this little sister’s words. Then, please leave my Lotus Cloud Sect.” Qing Lianzi waved her hand and pushed Taiji Zi out of the grand hall.
Taiji Zi retreated a hundred zhang backwards and gently floated in the air.
“Qiang Lianzi’s techniques are immeasurable. But I bet Sister Qiang Lianzi will not treat the Lord of Taiji Sect in such a manner if he’s the one here today. My Taiji Sect will not take this matter lightly. We shall meet again.” Taiji Zi turned away and left.
As the Great Elder of the sect, Taiji Zi standing toe-to-toe against Qing Lianzi proved that he was pretty strong.
“This Great Elder of Taiji Sect is quite strong. Truly a powerful sect. Haih.” Qing Lianzi sighed.
Her pushing Taiji Zi out of the hall did not give her any information on how strong Taiji Zi was. Taiji Zi was unpredictable too.
“Tell me. How did the disciple of Taiji Sect die.” Qing Lianzi looked at Xue Qianying and said.
This disciple of hers was brought up by her from when she was a child. She knew whether she’s lying or not.
“Helian Wushuang was killed by the people of Profound Feng Sect, who also saved this disciple’s life.” Xue Qianying replied.
“I’m relieved that it’s not related to you. But to think there’s a person in the Profound Feng Sect with such a calibre. Looks like Deer Mourn Mountain will have a new wind brewing,” Qing Lianzi said.
“Master, I would like to enter the Frozen Field.”
“What? Don’t you know what that place is? Only a handful of disciples had managed to come out of that place after entering it. That place is too harsh, it’s not suitable for you.” Qiang Lianzi was surprised.
“I do not fear it. Please grant this disciple entry to the Frozen Field.” Xue Qianying persisted, surprising Qing Lianzi.
That was a place of certain death, nobody was willing to go there in their own accord. It was Lotus Cloud Sect’s most terrifying cultivation place. But those that managed to walk out of there alive were those with exceptional talent and willpower. The last time anyone managed to walk out of there alive was 2000 years ago.
“Alright. Go ahead.” Qing Lianzi sighed.
She knew the girl’s personality. It must be due to the clash for the Dragon Ball. She thinks she’s not strong enough and wanted to go to the Frozen Field to train herself.
“The Hidden Secret Realm will be opened a week later. You have one week, no more than that. You’re my prized disciple, the position of Sect Lord will be yours in the future.”
“This disciple will keep it in mind.” Xue Qianying’s eyes were determined.
She wanted to increase her strength quickly, otherwise, it’ll be hard for her to stand out in the midst of this talented generation.
This time, Jiang Chen’s image suddenly appeared in Xue Qianying’s eyes. He was a mountain that she’ll never be able to cross, but she wanted to follow his footsteps. At least she needed to reach the Mid or Late True God Realm to defeat Jiang Chen.
When that fellow’s image appeared in her mind, it did not go away for a period of time.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2268 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2269


Looking Back Again, No Traces Could be Found Anymore
Jiang Chen went into seclusion after returning to Profound Feng Sect. He needed to recover his strength as soon as possible because he needed to fight Li Huo Demon Yan Cheng. Obviously, he will not challenge Bai Yunfei or Yang Jian, but the other top ten inner sect disciples could be chosen instead. However, he had already decided to fight Yan Cheng before.
Moreover, another cancerous existence will grow in the sect if Yan Cheng is not eliminated quickly. Hence, Jiang Chen will not let him go.
When Jiang Chen took out the Dragon Ball, the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda trembled and absorbed it. After that, he felt a great change in the pagoda. The weak-looking Dragon Ball helped the pagoda breakthrough and reach the 88th floor, shocking Jiang Chen.
“This Dragon Ball… such terrifying energy.” Jiang Chen gasped.
Jiang Chen had reached the Late Void God Realm from the energy gained from the Dragon Ball and from the battle he had gone through previously.
Adding to the benefits that he got, he found a text on the 88th floor of the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda.
A tattered ancient scroll. Jiang Chen grabbed onto the scroll that was floating in mid air.
“This is…… Ancient Soaring Dragon Technique?” Jiang Chen said solemnly.
Ancient Soaring Dragon Technique, what is this?
When Jiang Chen read through the text, he found that the Ancient Soaring Dragon Technique was the dragon clan’s most secret technique. Only dragon clan members could learn it. It’s a technique that could raise a person’s battle strength. It was much more terrifying compared to the Dragon Transformation technique.
The dragon soars the world, the world bows before me!
The essence of the Soaring Dragon Technique was to make a qualitative change in a person’s strength but it also heavily relied on the person’s body strength. This technique is separated into three chapters. The first chapter was Glimpsing Sea. The second was the Wind Expansion, the third was the Return to Ruins.
The Ancient Soaring Dragon Technique, ‘the indestructible dragon soars a thousand metres’. It could raise a person’s strength and speed tremendously, unleashing the innate talent of the Dragon clan.
“I should be considered as half of a Dragon clan member right? Let’s see what this Soaring Dragon Technique does… ”
Jiang Chen was deep into studying the technique for the whole day. He managed to learn the technique in just a day, but what he learned was only the first step of the technique—the Glimpsing Sea Realm. Even so, Jiang Chen had a qualitative change.
His speed, strength, and all of his six senses, had a significant improvement after learning the Ancient Soaring Dragon Technique. He became indestructible like a divine tool.
This Ancient Soaring Dragon Technique pushes one’s innate potential to the extreme. Maximising one’s strength to the extreme. A truly suitable technique for Jiang Chen.
Even though Jiang Chen was just a Late Void God, with the help of the Soaring Dragon Technique, he could even fight Helian Wushuang head-on with his fist without pressure.
“What a great technique!” Jiang Chen’s lips curved as he left the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda.
An old figure suddenly appeared on the 88th floor of the pagoda, in which Jiang Chen did not notice. That Dragon Ball was placed into the pagoda now.
The old man grabbed the Dragon Ball and caressed it. A drop of tear fell from the old man and landed on the Dragon Ball.
On the stage of the outer sect. At this moment, thousands of disciples clamoured and gathered under the stage.
“Why are there so many people below the stage? What’s the occasion?”
“Don’t you know? Holy sh*t, are you a Profound Feng Sect member?”
“Today is the day when Jiang Chen is going to challenge the outer sect number two, Li Huo Demon Yan Cheng. All the hundred battle rankers are here. How could we miss such an occasion?”
“Then, it’s a real sight to watch. Yan Cheng is a powerful man. Not even Bai Yunfei, the enforcer of the outer sect, dares to go against him.”
“I can’t wait. Hahaha. This Jiang Chen joined the sect not too long ago. He’s truly restless, so many things happened around him. Interesting, interesting, hahaha.”
At this moment, Yan Cheng’s arms were behind his back while standing on the stage, waiting for his opponent.
“Even though this Jiang Chen managed to rise up in the outer sect, he wouldn’t just ghost us right?”
“Who knows? We’re now waiting for the main actor to come. If Jiang Chen does not come, it means that he’s afraid of Yan Cheng.”
Yan Cheng’s eyes were cold as he looked at the bustling audience below. At this moment, he’s trying to show Jiang Chen that he’s still nothing even if he had killed Gu Wanfeng. The outer sect was also not easy even if one compares it to the inner sect.
“Have you recovered your strength?” Yang Jian looked at Jiang Chen and asked,
“Rest assured, I’m fine now.” Jiang Chen replied with a smile.
“I cannot beat this fellow. I’ll leave him to you, don’t disappoint me.” Bai Yunfei smiled and patted Jiang Chen’s shoulder.
“You think he’s my match? I am here to take the pass for the Hidden Secret Realm. That’s all.” Jiang Chen smiled.
“Will he challenge me after he loses?” Bai Yunfei said.
“Relax, he won’t have a chance to do it.” Jiang Chen slowly walked up to the stage.
“This fella.” Bai Yunfei said with a bitter smile.
He knew that Yan Cheng was sentenced to death by Jiang Chen.
Yan Cheng looked at Jiang Chen and said, “I have killed 13 people this month, today you’ll be the 14th.”
“Really? Then, I am truly honoured.” Jiang Chen smiled.
“You bet.” Yan Cheng nodded as if Jiang Chen was a dead man walking.
“Come. I’ll give you one chance.” Jiang Chen said.
“Really? I’ll see whether you have the ability to support your fame. I’ll lose my face if I can’t kill you on this stage. See? That fresh blood over there is what’s left from your senior brothers.”
Yan Cheng stepped forward and closed in on Jiang Chen. In his opinion, killing Jiang Chen was but a task of adding a flower in his glory.
“Yeah. This blood. Suits you.” Jiang Chen smiled and slashed his blade.
At this moment, Yan Cheng suddenly stopped moving. Then, Jiang Chen jumped and flew up towards the sky. Suddenly, Yan Cheng’s body slowly fell down. Till his death, Yan Cheng did not understand how and when he died.
*Woah!*
Everyone exclaimed. No one believed what had happened. Fresh blood flowed from Yan Cheng’s neck, as his head split off from his body.
Instant kill, without a doubt. Under each and everyone’s anticipation, Jiang Chen killed the number two, Yan Cheng, with a single stroke of his blade. Yan Cheng did not even have a chance to speak another word. At this moment, the audience gasped and held their breath.
When they looked back, Jiang Chen has disappeared from the scene.
This battle had shocked the whole Profound Feng Sect!
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2269 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2270


Chapter 2270 Jiang Hao
Killing the number two in the outer sect Hundred Battle Rankings with a single sword strike! The whole Profound Feng Sect was shocked. Jiang Chen attacked like a dragon and moved like the wind.
fNo matter if it was Yang Jian or Bai Yunfei, or the audiences, they were thoroughly dumbfounded. Jiang Chen will surely become a legend in the whole Profound Feng Sect.
In the end, Jiang Chen managed to get a slot in the Hidden Secret Realm. Stories of the clash between Jiang Chen and Yan Cheng were told, and Jiang Chen was dubbed as the outer sect’s number one evil god. His demeanour even toppled those inner sect experts, including Yang Jian, the number one ranker. Of course, Jiang Chen did not challenge Yang Jian in the end, causing quite some disappointment amongst the disciples.
Jiang Chen’s name became famous in the sect.
At this moment, Ling Yun came out of seclusion.
“How much have you recovered?” Jiang Chen asked.
Ling Yun’s expression was better than before, but she still wore an azure mask. Nobody has ever seen her face under the mask, other than him.
“60%. I shouldn’t have any problem protecting myself. I could even face the Profound Feng Sect Lord for a few rounds now, but I’ll still lose to him.” Ling Yun said after thinking for a bit.
“It’s pretty good.”
“I received a message from my master.”
“Then… are you leaving?” Jiang Chen asked, somewhat disappointed.
“I’m not in a hurry.”
“Then, when?”
“I will not join you in the Hidden Secret Realm, but I’ll be here when you return.” Ling Yun said calmly, without a single emotion. However, Jiang Chen felt a slight change from her heart.
“Alright.”
Jiang Chen spoke no further. Since she mentioned that she was going to wait for him until the end of the Hidden Secret Realm, then it shouldn’t be long before she left him.
“Jiang Chen, bad news. Something bad has happened.” Bai Yunfei rushed to Jiang Chen.
“What? Why are you so nervous? There are bigshots here to handle it for us even if the heaven’s were to collapse. What is there to fear?” Jiang Chen replied indifferently.
“The people of the Yellow Flame Sect came to challenge us, they have already defeated the twelve alchemist disciples. Other than Gu Wanfeng, nobody else is their match. Now, they’ve become even cockier, and they even want to challenge our alchemist elder.”
“Yellow Flame Sect?” Jiang Chen frowned. This was his first time hearing about this sect.
“Yellow Flame Sect is our brother sect. The Heavenly Star Sect, Earthy Hades Sect, Profound Feng Sect and the Yellow Flame Sect were from the same school, each sect relying upon one another. But after so many years, there are some differences eventually. The Heavenly Star Sect is the strongest, it’s one of the top ten sects in Deer Mourn Mountain. Earthy Hades Sect is the second strongest, also one of the top ten sects. Then, it’s the Profound Feng Sect and Yellow Flame Sect. In recent years, our sect has been exerting pressure on the Yellow Flame Sect. Five years ago, an unparalleled prodigy appeared in their sect, possessing great skills in the art of alchemy and also a talented cultivator to boot. Hence, the Yellow Flame Sect began to regain their honour. Now, our sect’s twelve alchemist disciples have lost against him.” Bai Yunfei said.
“I see… So, our Profound Feng Sect is not alone… Haha. But a fellow that was constantly suppressed by us dares to fight back?” Jiang Chen said with disdain.
“Haih. A person has to fight back. The Yellow Flame Sect had been inferior to us for so many years, they will surely not let this opportunity go by to pay back what they have suffered in the past.”
“You’re right. Let’s go and check it out. Let’s see who is this fella that even dares to challenge the alchemist elder.” Jiang Chen said.
That fellow won’t amount to anything anymore since Jiang Chen has already come out of seclusion. Bai Yunfei had a blind confidence towards Jiang Chen. As Jiang Chen had always brought surprise after surprise to the people around him.
On the giant plaza that was cut into two by an extremely sharp object.
Thousands of disciples had gathered on the plaza, even the Sect Lord, Xuan Qingming, had appeared. Since the sect elder was going to be challenged next after the 12 disciples lost against this challenger. It has become a pretty big deal, as the sect has lost a great deal of honour. Otherwise, the sect lord himself wouldn’t have come for such an event.
“Isn’t this fellow too cocky? To think he’s challenging our alchemist elder. Isn’t he looking down on our sect?!”
“Yeah. Showing off just because he’s slightly talented… ”
“In the end, we also did the same thing many years ago. Otherwise, people will not come here and show off. The Yellow Flame Sect was pressured by us in the past, now they’re finally here to take back their honour. They’ll certainly fight back now that they have talented disciples in their ranks.”
“Still… he’s too much. To think he wants to challenge our elder. Nothing will be gained even if our elder wins. But if our elder loses, he’ll lose his honour and our sect will become a joke.”
“I bet the elder will put that cocky fella in his place. Hmph, our Profound Feng Sect will never allow such an outsider to cause a scene in our grounds.”
Everyone was extremely angered, however they knew that this challenger will surely benefit whether he wins or not against Ling Zhongqiang.
Profound Feng Sect’s disciples were angered and anxious. The alchemist within the sect was rare in numbers, a dozen or so at most, in which all of them have already lost. Now, some people couldn’t help but miss Gu Wanfeng.
“Oh yeah. Didn’t Jiang Chen beat Gu Wanfeng? Where is he? He’ll most certainly beat this guy too. ”
“Yeah. How could we forget about him?”
An increasing amount of people started to have a slither of hope. But at this moment, Ling Zhongqiang appeared on the plaza.
Ling Zhongqiang stepped forward calmly as the highest-ranking alchemist within the Profound Feng Sect. He needed to step up for the sake of the sect because all the disciples had lost against this challenger. Nobody else in the sect could win against this challenger anymore.
“My name is Jiang Hao. Today, I took the liberty to ask for Elder Ling of the Profound Feng Sect to advise me in the arts of alchemy. I hope Elder Ling will approve of this and give this junior a chance.” The azure-robed youth said with a calm smile.
This youth was accompanied by his two brothers behind him that looked pretty strong.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2270 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2271


Chapter 2271 Not that Difficult
At this moment, Jiang Hao had already defeated twelve people which, as a result, filled him with an unyielding confidence. In addition to being the most outstanding disciple of Yellow Flame Sect, Jiang Hao was also very skillful in concocting medicinal pills. That was why he had his arrogant side. Challenging the alchemy elder of Profound Feng Sect, Ling Zhongqiang, was very significant to him. He had the confidence of attaining victory in today’s battle because he had already surpassed his own master.
“Jiang Hao, you’re only like this. Do you want to challenge me?”
Ling Zhongqiang said in a deep voice.
At this moment, Jiang Chen and Bai Yunfei had already made it to the plaza. Everyone was furious and they knew that this contest was unavoidable.
“I am not qualified to say whether I can defeat Elder Ling or not. But right now, I have already surpassed my master.”
Jiang Hao said confidently, his mouth was overflowing with a smile that gave Ling Zhongqiang pressure.
“In this sense, your skill in concocting has already surpassed your master Wang Hongy?” Ling Zhongqiang asked again.
“Slightly better than him. My master also asked me to send his greeting to you.”
Jiang Hao’s words were filled with confidence. Wang Hongyu had also been a genius in concocting medicinal pills in the past but he was restrained by Ling Zhongqiang. In terms of strength or skill in alchemy, Wang Hongyu was still ranked under Ling Zhongqiang. Now, Wang Hongyu had managed to cultivate a disciple who was able to surpass him. Of course, he would support his disciple to challenge Ling Zhongqiang.
In a sense, this battle was more like a revenge set up by Yellow Flame Sect’s Wang HongYu. Its ultimate goal was to let Jiang Hao challenge Ling Zhongqiang.
“Hehe. Sounds interesting. You seem like Wang Hongyu’s hier now. Then I think it’s unavoidable for us to have a battle today.”
Lin Zhongqiang smiled faintly. As an elder, of course he must have the demeanor that represents his status. Moreover, Jiang Hao was the disciple of his previous enemy who had already lost to him. Although Jiang Hao had surpassed his master, so what?
“I don’t dare say so. I will listen to what you say.”
Although Jiang Hao said so and declined to take the initiative, he actually still took the lead.
Since Jiang Hao had already said so, would Ling Zhongqiang still dare to reject? Obviously, he could not do so. Otherwise, he would be mocked by others and the sect disciples might not respect him as much as before. However, if he accepted the challenge, then the key was whether he had the confidence to defeat Jiang Hao.
If Jiang Hao lost, he would still bask in glory as he was bold to challenge a master. If he won, then he would devalue Profound Feng Sect. Whether he won or lost, the winner would still be him and his Yellow Flame Sect. Jiang Hao could simply start the battle without much stress as he just made an attempt to see if he could win. However, it was a different case for Ling Zhongqiang. He needed to use his utmost strength and effort in this battle and do his best because the battle was related to himself and his sect’s reputation.
Whether Jiang Hao won or lost the battle, he would still be the winner.
“You don’t plan to take any action?”
Bai Yunfei gave Jiang Chen a glance and asked softly.
“He is challenging Ling Zhongqiang. Why would I meddle in?”
Jiang Chen said in an uninterested manner as he had never thought of taking any action.
“You’re right. You and that man are irreconcilable enemies. Why would you help him. But, what if Elder Ling loses in this battle?” Bai Yunfei asked.
Jiang Chen glanced at Bai Yunfei while thinking that he had been concerned too much.
“That means his skill is not as good as the others? Who can he blame for this? If he is defeated, that means he is weak. If so, then he should not be that conceited. What is so formidable about being an elder? Isn’t an elder also a human? Let’s see if he can bear losing to others.”
Jiang Chen sneered.
“You have a point.”
Bai Yunfei knew the grudges between Jiang Chen and Ling Zhongqiang. It was inappropriate for Jiang Chen to take action at this moment. Moreover, Jiang Chen had mentioned that he wanted to challenge Ling Zhongqiang. Of course, Jiang Chen would not meddle in their business.
“Congratulations. I accept your challenge. But I want you to understand that Yellow Flame Sect will never be able to surpass Profound Feng Sect.” Lin Zhongqiang said in all seriousness.
“Today, I am only here to learn something, widen my perspective and sharpen my skills. Hope Elder Ling will give me lessons generously.” Jiang Hao said in a solemn manner.
“Don’t worry. I will not hold back just for you. If you can defeat me, that means your master is right and you really have surpassed him.”
“Elder Ling is indeed domineering and with great integrity. I salute you.”
“It’s not helpful to say so much. Let’s start. Which aspect do you want to challenge? Tell me now.”
“Since we are competing with our skill in concoction, then of course we have to refine the hardest medicinal pill, the Heavenly Fire Great Rejuvenating Pill. It is a pill that is concocted using a Beast Flame. Whoever eats the pill will become incomparably mystical if he did not suffer from a severe injury. But if he had severe injury, then the pill will help him to get full recovery. A pill like this is extremely difficult to concoct. I believe Elder Ling has heard of this pill before, am I right?”
“Heavenly Fire Great Rejuvenating Pill!””
Lin Zhongqiang shivered in his heart. He had tried to concoct the Heavenly Fire Great Rejuvenating Pill before but he had failed. He had succeeded once but the quality of the pill was extremely low. How could this lad concoct the Heavenly Fire Great Rejuvenating Pill?
Actually, the formula of making this pill was given to him by Wang Hongyu in the past. If Jiang Hao really managed to make this pill, perhaps this would be a great challenge to Ling Zhongqiang.
“What do you think about this? Elder Lin, do you have the confidence to concoct this pill?”
Jiang Hao curled up his lips slightly upwards and said in a playful manner. It was quite challenging to concoct the Heavenly Fire Great Rejuvenating Pill. That was why he chose this pill. Moreover, it’s also extremely difficult to get the suitable herbs to concoct this pill. In the past, he had found ten kinds of herbs but only managed to make one Heavenly Fire Great Rejuvenating Pill. It had been an achievement to him or even to his master Wang Hongyu. Moreover, Wang Hongyu assumed that Ling Zhongqiang might not be able to concoct the Heavenly Fire Great Rejuvenating Pill.
“Such a mystical Heavenly Fire Great Rejuvenating Pill. I guess it must be a very difficult pill.”
“Yea. I have once heard that this Heavenly Fire Great Rejuvenating Pill had rescued Elder Ling before. However, the way of concocting this pill is too challenging. I am afraid that he has not succeeded in concocting this pill too many times in the past.”
“He seems very confident. Is he purposely here to find trouble?”
“You’re right. If he isn’t here to find trouble, why would he keep pushing Elder Ling. He definitely has bad intentions.”
Ling Zhongqiang smiled faintly.
“Alright. Let’s compete by concocting the Heavenly Fire Great Rejuvenating Pill. I’m gonna see if you can fulfill your master’s wish.”
“I am here only to receive teaching from you, Elder Ling.”
Jiang Hao’s words were very clear and gave no chance for others to gossip about his true intention. He was here today to give Ling Zhongqiang a lesson and to let him know that he had to bear the consequences of looking down upon his master in the past.
Bai Yunfei gave Jiang Chen a glance and asked, “Have you heard of the Heavenly Fire Great Rejuvenating Pill before?”
“I’ve heard of it before but had never tried to make it,” replied Jiang Chen.
“How confident are you in making this pill?”
“Not that difficult.”
Jiang Chen shrugged as he didn’t really care about this.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2271 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2272


Competition Between Jiang Hao and Elder Ling
“You’re only bragging. As you can see, Elder Ling looks very serious right now, the Heavenly Fire Great Rejuvenating Pill must not be easy to make.”
“That’s for them. But for me, concocting this pill is just a piece of cake.” Jiang Chen said with disdain.
His skill in alchemy had already reached almost the highest level. However, there were some medicinal pills that he was not able to concoct due to the limitation of his cultivation realm. Nevertheless, after having heard of this Heavenly Fire Great Rejuvenating Pill, he knew that it’s not that difficult to concoct this pill.
“Look! They are ready for concocting the pill now.”
Someone shouted.
On the square, Lin Zhongqiang and Jiang Hao exchanged a glance. As Lin Zhongqiang was still a senior to him, Jiang Hao still paid his respect by slightly bowing down his head.
Jiang Hao was not slow in action. He immediately waved his hand, pushed out a set of herbs that were for concocting the Heavenly Fire Great Rejuvenating Pill and put them in front of Lin Zhongqiang. Obviously, he had been ready for this.
“You came here fully prepared.”
Jiang Hao smiled but remained silent. In total, there were more than thirty kinds of herbs surrounding him right now. He took out the essence of each of the herbs, smashed them for concoction later. He opened up his pill concocting furnace and started focusing on making the pill.
When the fire gushed out from Jiang Hao’s hand, Lin Zhongqiang’s countenance fell completely. Only now did he realise why Jiang Hao insisted to challenge him and compete for the concoction of the Heavenly Fire Great Rejuvenating Pill. This was because the Beast Flame he
possessed was extraordinarily different. It was even more powerful than his Beast Flame.
“The Beast Fire of Burning Dragon Bear. How about Elder Ling’s fire flame?”
Jiang Hao was very confident that the Beast Fire of Burning Dragon Bear would definitely play a critical role in concocting this pill. And it could even help him make a Heavenly Fire Great Rejuvenating Pill of higher effectiveness. Burning Dragon Bear was quite a mythical monster and its Beast Fire was even ferocious. Lin Zhongqiang wanted to have a Beast Fire like this but his wish was not fulfilled.
Currently, he was using the Beast Fire of Fire Scale Wolf which was at a completely different level from Burning Dragon Bear. The more powerful the Beast Fire was, the higher the chance of success and the more effective the medicinal pill would be.
“It’s a Fire Scale Wolf. It is slightly weaker than yous. But we are concocting pills right now, so let’s see what kind of pill we managed to come out later,” Lin Zhongqiang said faintly.
He was still very calm and steady. Of course, as a master and senior, he could not lose his own head in this situation. On the other hand, Jiang Hao had already defeated more than ten people until now. He was full of confidence. Even if he lost this competition, he was not under any pressure at all. However, it was a different case for Lin Zhongqiang who was carrying his sect’s reputation right now and also his own dignity.
Nevertheless, Lin Zhongqiang was not really worried about being defeated by this Jiang Hao because Jiang Hao was still a young disciple. He knew how far Jiang Hao could go as a young disciple. He did not believe that Jing Hao would be able to overcome him in terms of their skill in concoction. Although Wang Hongyu had been surpassed by his own disciple, Lin Zhongqiang knew that he would not submit to anyone easily.
Jiang Hao took the lead, immediately choosing the herbs, and put them into the furnace and started concocting. He was quite careful when doing this process because he only wanted the essence.
Not to be outdone, Lin Zhongqiang started concocting as well. Compared to Jiang Hao, his process was more gentle and steady. Jiang Hao looked more nervous but it was not hard to realise that Lin Zhongqiang was also quite nervous. He could not lose in this competition. More accurately, he could not afford losing the competition. This competition must have been seen as a real contest between Profound Feng Sect and Yellow Flame Sect.
Xuan Qingming was watching the competition between Lin Zhongqiang and Jiang Hao, without saying any words. As the Sect Master, he should not ask about matters like this. However, the opponent was too aggressive and pushed them too far until the eldery had taken action. This issue had become not a trivial matter anymore.
This young man seemed like the most outstanding disciple in the Yellow Flame Sect. No one from Profound Feng Sect was capable of surpassing him? Was it necessary for Elder Ling to take action?
“Don’t worry, Sect Master. Elder Ling is the number one elder in terms of alchemy in our sect. It’s impossible for him to lose.” The Great Elder said calmly.
“I hope so.”
Xuan Qingming nod silently. He could only now wait for the final result. How could a young disciple of Yellow Flame Sect cause so much chaos in Profound Feng Sect?
Jiang Hao casted his Beast Fire that had caused great shock among the public. The Beast Fire was indeed extraordinary compared to Elder Lin’s Beast Fire. It was obviously more powerful. However, they were not competing about whose Beast Fire was more powerful. They were competing about the quality of the Heavenly Fire Great Rejuvenating Pill.
Jiang Hao was full of confidence and his actions were extremely adept. One could see that he had been attempting to concoct this pill for many times for today’s battle.
No matter what, Lin Zhongqiang was still a master so his skill was not weak as well. Many people were dumbfounded at his concocting technique. However, his skill was nothing impressive in Jiang Chen’s eyes.
In less than half an hour, their pills were almost formed up. Both of them seemed very confident in their own creation.
Jiang Hao was very prepared for this even before the battle. Once he wins, his reputation would definitely soar to the sky. With the exception to other domains, he would definitely become a prestigious cultivator among the young generation in the Deer Mourn Mountain. On the other hand, if he lost in the battle, it did not matter much since his opponent was a senior.
“Complete!”
Jiang Hao shouted. He took out the pill from the furnace and held the pill in his hands. His face carried some kind of excitement. Apparently, he was not worried about his pill at all. After all, he had displayed an extraordinary skill and the efficacy of the pill must be the best among all the pills he had concocted.
On the other hand, Ling Zhongqiang looked quite solemn and this had sparked the curiosity of the Profound Feng Sect’s people. They were also worried about him.
“Is Jiang Hao really better than Elder Ling?”
“I don’t think so. Elder Ling had been prestigious for his skill for more than hundred years. He is a real master of concocting pills. How would he be defeated by a young disciple? This young man is too arrogant. I think Elder Ling is trying to leave him some dignity.”
“It’s hard to say. I can see that Elder Ling looks really serious now. Once he loses, our sect will really be humiliated. Elder Ling is not the only one who will lose to him.”
“Shut your mouth up! Bullsh*ting. Elder Lins won’t lose. He will definitely not lose.”
Of course, everyone wished that Elder Ling would win and when he do, they’ll cast this arrogant young man out of Profound Feng Sect. However, it was only their wonderful wish.
Would the fact really be so?
Jiang Chen squinted his eyes and could not help shaking his head.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2272 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2273


Turn the Tide Over
“What do you mean? Jiang Chen.”
Bai Yunfei seems to have noticed Jiang Chen’s reaction.
“Ling Zhongqiang lost. Although he managed to concoct the pill, its quality was much lower than Jiang Hao’s pill. Ling Zhongqiang is inferior in terms of concoction or Beast Fire.”
Jiang Chen said faintly. At the moment, Ling Zhongqiang could only nod his head slightly, indicating that he had already completed his pill.
“Are they done? Does this really mean Elder Ling has lost?” Bai Yunfei perplexed and said with a low voice.
“How about we exchange our pills and examine them? I believe that master would definitely be fair on this matter.”
After saying so, Jiang Hao gave the Heavenly Fire Great Rejuvenating Pill out to Ling Zhongqiang and the latter did the same.
When Ling Zhongqiang got the pill from Jiang Hao, he knew that he lost. He was utterly and completely defeated. His Heavenly Fire Great Rejuvenating Pill could not even be considered as middle-grade but Jiang Hao’s pill, despite having some flaws, was around high-grade even with his current cultivation realm. This had shown that Jiang Hao had won.
Ling Zhongqiang took a deep breath. Everyone was stunned at this moment as Jiang Hao’s mouth carried a mocking smile while holding the pill. He was thinking that Profound Feng Sect’s elder of alchemy was only at this inferior level.
Hundreds and thousands of people held their breath and were stunned. Nevertheless, there were some people who managed to see what something went wrong. Xuan Qingming could not help heaving a sigh silently. Seems like he had lost.
“I’ve lost…..”
Lin Zhongqiang’s words were like a huge hammer, smashing on most of the Profound Feng Sect’s disciples’ hearts. The fact was unbelievable but he had really lost. If he did not have the courage to admit his failure then he would lose all of his dignity.
Ling Zhongqiang was incomparably serious. The words he said were extremely heavy to him but it was impossible for him to lie about the fact. As a master, he could not do something that went against his conscience although he was in his own sect.
“He was defeated. Elder Ling was really defeated. Sigh.”
“This time, the people of Yellow Flame Sect will be very proud of this. They have been under our suppression for hundreds years.”
“Seems like not everyone can engage themselves with pill concoction. Our Profound Feng Sect has hundreds and thousands of disciples but only very few are truly able to concoct medicinal pills.”
There was no ridicule that was too harsh for him but Ling Zhongqiang was not able to forgive himself. He was really defeated. Moreover, he was defeated by the disciple of his enemy who he defeated a long time ago. As the proverb says, blue comes from the indigo plant but is bluer than the plant itself. The student had indeed surpassed his master. Unfortunately, Ling Zhongqiang did not have such a good heir.
In this battle, Jiang Hao had gained a glamorous victory. Ling Zhongqiang could not say something that was against his conscience.
“Elder Ling, I know my strength is limited and it’s only my luck for this time. Hope that I still have the chance to seek your guidance in the future.”
Jiang Hao said and smiled but his facial expression was filled with overbearing pride. He said that only to magnify his pride but the more he did the more the people of Profound Feng Sect found him destastable.
“You have won and there’s nothing called luck. What is the point of being hypocrite,” Lin Zhongqiang said with a deep voice.
Jiang Hao remained calm and not moved by what Ling Zhongqiang said. This time, the disciples of Yellow Flame Sect had really overcome the disciples of Profound Feng Sect. They had broken the hundred-year suppression by Profound Feng Sect. This had really made Jiang Hao feel proud as this was his only chance to take revenge for his sect.
“If this is the case, then I am going to leave now. It’s my pleasure to be able to compete with Elder Ling.”
Jiang Hao looked dignified, yet his haughty manner had made everyone feel very uncomfortable. This guy really did not put anyone in his eyes.
“How can you be so proud of your low-grade medicinal pill? I think the people of Yellow Flame Sect are not that strong actually. Only with such a pitiful competence, you have dared to come and challenge us. It’s so embarrassing and amusing! Haha.”
It was not Jiang chen who said this but Bai Yunffei. Bai Yunfei laughed coldly and looked at Jiang Hao in disdain. Everyone looked at Bai Yunfei as a result while Jiang Hao also squinted his eyes.
“Who was the one saying this? Even Elder Ling has admitted that my Heavenly Fire Great Rejuvenating Pill is better than his. What qualification do you have to brag like this?”
Jiang Hao stared at Bai Yunfei and said.
Jiang Chen rolled his eyes as Bai Yunfei had betrayed him. Let’s see how I am going to give you a lesson later. He gave Bai Yunfei a fierce glance as he felt very victimized.
“To be honest, I don’t know anything about concocting pills. But I can see that your medicinal pills are of poor quality. Jiang Chen knew concocting pills and your technique is inferior to his.”
Bai Yunfei heaved a sigh and only then did everyone realise that Bai Yunfei was actually referring this to Jiang Chen.
Jiang Chen gave Bai Yunfei a fierce glance while Bai Yunfei just shrugged his shoulder and smiled to indicate his helplessness.
“That’s right, why would we forget about Jiang Chen. He had once defeated Senior Gu Wanfeng.”
“You’re right. Senior Bai is insightful.”
“It’s hard to say. As our Elder Ling was defeated, do you really think that an Outer Sect disciple can turn the tide over?”
“Everything is possible. Jiang Chen’s name is so popular these days in Profound Feng Sect. He has been creating miracles. But this time he might not be able to defeat this haughty Jiang Hao.”
Jiang Hao and Jiang Chen exchanged their glance.
“Do you still want to challenge me? Then let me, your senior, see what kind of competence do you have.”
Jiang Hao said while laughing. His face was filled with an arrogant manner even though he was at Profound Feng Sect. He had just won against Elder Ling, it was not unreasonable that he would be that arrogant.
“You’re here to seek teaching, why would you have the qualification to call yourself my senior? Profound Feng Sect is the brother sect of Yellow Flame Sect, why would you say so?”
Jiang Chen smiled and said. Since Bai Yunfei had kicked him out in this situation, he did not mind giving a lesson to this guy and become the savior of Profound Feng Sect.
Xuan Qingming squinted his eyes. At this moment, he felt like he saw some kind of hope as this guy might change Profound Feng Sect’s destiny.
The Great Elder’s eyes were cold. What did this guy want to do again?
Lin Zhongqiang was also looking forward to what might happen. Although he had some grudges with Jiang Chen as well, he thought that might not be a bad thing to Profound Feng Sect if Jiang Chen was able to turn the tide over.
However, was he really capable of making this happen?
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2273 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2274


Heavenly Insane
“If that is the case, then Senior Jiang please give me more guidance. I would like to do this as well and to learn more from the alchemists of Profound Feng Sect. Isn’t this good?”
Jiang Hao was tricked by Jiang Chen so he was quite unhappy actually. However, he had tolerated it as he knew that he would be able to mock Jiang Chen once he defeated Jiang Chen.
“I have seen your skill in concoction and it’s really not that great. If you are willing to call me your teacher, I will teach you the art of pill concoction. Based on what I’ve seen when you are concocting the Heavenly Fire Great Rejuvenating Pill, I am afraid that you won’t achieve any advancement in your lifetime. You’re too inept, too clumsy.”
Jiang Chen hasn’t even started concocting any pills yet, but he had already placed Jiang Hao at an extremely low position. This had provoked Jiang Hao’s anger. What rights do you have to say that I am not skilled? Was your elder a match for me? No!
“I hope that you aren’t just bragging about your skills. If you could manage to concoct a better Heavenly Fire Great Rejuvenating Pill than mine, I will never step out of Yellow Flame Sect anymore. I, Jiang Hao, will definitely treat you with respect and become my respected master. If you lose to me, that means that your Profound Feng Sect’s skill in alchemy is so poor that it is not able to withstand a blow. “
Jiang Hao was irritated by Jiang Chen because this Jiang Chen was wilder and more haughty than him. He would not allow someone like Jiang Chen to step over his head.
“Okay, deal. My good disciple.”
Jiang Chen said with a smile. At this moment, he had raised up all his fellow disciples’ spirit. Jiang Chen’s madness and conceitedness did not cause hatred among the disciples of Profound Feng Sect, instead, it had pushed Jiang Chen to a higher level in their heart.
“Jiang Chen!” “Jiang Chen!” “Jiang Chen!”
Following their deafening applause and voices, Jiang Chen was ready to concoct the pill anytime.
Everyone in the Profound Feng Sect was filled with hope in Jiang Chen. He was the one who had created many miracles. Can he overcome Jiang Hao as well?
Jiang Hao smiled coldly as he disdained Jiang Chen. Later you will know the pain of being so conceited and let’s see how you gonna react when you could not concoct the Heavenly Fire Great Rejuvenating Pill.
Of course Jiang Hao knew how difficult it was to concoct the Heavenly Fire Great Rejuvenating Pill. He had destroyed many herbs when he was practising to concoct the pill because the chance of success was so little. It was actually out of his expectation that he would succeed in this battle. He was fortunate enough to fulfill his mission for this trip.
“This is the formula of the Heavenly Fire Great Rejuvenating Pill, and I have another set of herbs for you.”
Jiang Hao stared at Jiang Chen with a smiley face as he was looking forward to Jiang Chen being ashamed.
“I don’t need this. You keep the herbs for yourself. It’s not easy to get these ingredients. If we wasted these precious ingredients, we would be punished by the heavens. I will use the wasted herbs that you have thrown away just now. I can still concoct the pill with these wastes. I have already remembered the formula.”
Jiang Chen’s words agitated the crowd. No one expected that he would be this confident and arrogant. He was going to use the herbs that Jiang Hao threw away to concoct the Heavenly Fire Great Rejuvenating Pill, was this crazy? Would this work?
“Are you sure?
Jiang Hao looked stunned. What is this guy going to do? Those are the wastes that I just threw away, was he really going to use those to concoct the Heavenly Fire Great Rejuvenating Pill? Jiang Hao doubted Jiang Chen and snorted contemptuously.
“He’s too arrogant.”
Ling Zhongqiang frowned as he could not bear seeing Jiang Chen like this at the moment. Jiang Chen was definitely playing the goat. All these herbs are only wastes and rubbish. They were once precious herbs, but now they were only low-graded herbs after their essense had been extracted for pill concoction. Could they really be used for concocting the Heavenly Fire Great Rejuvenating Pill?
As the proverbs says, out of the frying pan into the fire. Jiang Hao had become more confident now and his smile had also become brighter.
Bai Yunfei was stunned at the moment as well. Brother, don’t tell me. Those are just wastes.
“You’re just too picky and did not really use up the essence from the herbs. Without extracting all of the essence from the herbs, it is futile to have the best herbs. There’s no wasted herbs but only poor alchemists.”
Jiang Chen’s words stole Jiang Hao’s smile away. If they were not currently at Profound Feng Sect, he would beat up Jiang Chen. He thought that he had been arrogant enough, but Jiang Chen was even thousand times wilder than him. You have said that I am a poor alchemist, but how about you? Who are you? Jiang Hao stared at Jiang Chen with killing intent.
“Let’s wait and see.”
As soon as he finished his words, Jiang Hao gave Jiang Chen a glance. Whether one was capable, it was defined by the result.
“Hahaha. Such an arrogant man. I like it. Profound Feng Sect is proud of you, Senior Jiang.”
“Yeah. You’re really daring and insane. Go Senior Jiang.”
“Don’t disappoint us as we have high hopes for you.”
Everyone was looking forward to this moment. They were waiting for Jiang Chen to display his outstanding skills and waiting for Jiang Chen to defeat Jiang Hao.
Jiang Chen smiled slightly, looking incomparably steady. Gripping his palm, an extraordinary flame appeared on Jiang Chen’s hand. At this moment, Jiang Hao and Lin Zhongqiang held their breath out of shock because they knew that Jiang Chen’s flame was not any ordinary Beast Fire. They did not even know what kind of flame it was. However, one thing is certain, Jiang Hao’s Beast Flame Dragon Bear was incomparable to it.
“What kind of flame is this?
Lin Zhongqiang murmured.
“It looks like a kind of Beast Flame,” Xuan Qingming said solemnly.
He was also shocked by the flame. It’s such a terrifying flame but Jiang Chen still managed to control it. There are so many secrets this man has been keeping.
In the uproar, Jiang Chen still looked calm. He put in all the herbs that Jiang Hao had thrown away into his flame. Without any delay, more than ten types of herbs were burning in the fire and going through the concocting process. At the end, they had all become a kind of clear flow moving between Jiang Chen’s hands. It’s a relaxing process to watch.
This was not only a concocting process but also an enjoyment for the people around. All of the people of Profound Feng Sect fell into a trance.
Jiang Chen’s technique looked quite simple but Lin Zhongqiang and Jiang Hao were greatly astonished. The insider knows the ropes, while the outsider just comes along for the ride. The two of them actually gave very high appraisal to Jiang Chen’s skill. In a flash, Jiang Chen had made the ten types of wasted herbs into useful ingredients. This was the skill that every alchemist dreamt to have. In terms of depuration, Jiang Chen had already surpassed Jiang Hao.
Although Jiang Hao was not willing to admit being inferior, he can’t deny that he found Jiang Chen’s technique really impressive.
Lin Zhongqiang also heaved a sigh of regret: It’s reasonable for Gu Wanfeng to be defeated by Jiang Chen.
“This flame really causes jealousy.”
Jiang Hao could only feel frustrated while looking at the flame. Although he had the Beast Fire of the Flame Dragon Bear, he was still really jealous of Jiang Chen.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2274 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2275


Supreme Grade Heavenly Fire Great Rejuvenating Pill
“This guy seems really monstrous. Not to mention his strength, his skill in alchemy is really startling. Even our Alchemist Elder, Lin Zhongqiang, can’t find any flaws.”
Yang Jian said in a serious tone while looking at Jiang Chen who was in the middle of the square right now. Right now, Jiang Chen has become the spotlight of the scene. He bore the hope of the entire Profound Feng Sect. Yang Jian and others had seen him as their last hope.
“You’re right. We can only use the word ‘mountrous’ to describe this guy. I am afraid that if I tell them how Jiang Chen won during the fight for the Dragon Ball, their jaws would surely drop. Hehe. I am going to see how Jiang Chen goes against the heavens once again.”
Bai Yunfei was beaming with joy right now. Compared to competing Jiang Hao by himself, he was more excited now as Jiang Chen was going to compete with Jiang Hao. Everyone knew how strong Jiang Chen was. At this moment, he’s shining like a bright star once again in Profound Feng Sect with his impressive skill in alchemy. Even the outstanding disciples in the Inner Sect could not help showing their admiration to Jiang Chen now. If he defeated Jiang Hao, he would definitely gain everyone’s favour in Profound Feng Sect and he could really stand on the top in the sect.
Xuan Qingming’s eyes carried a sense of excitement. Initially, he already had a good impression on Jiang Chen. If this time he really could defeat Jiang Hao and bring honour to Profound Feng Sect, then Jiang Chen’s status would definitely be higher. His ranking would have no difference from those in Inner Sect definitely by that time.
Meanwhile, the Great Elder’s face looked a bit gloomy. He did not have a good feeling about Jiang Chen. Looking at Jiang Chen’s flames, he was even feeling a bit of indescribable discomfort.
“Senior Jiang Chen, you must do your best. The alchemist disciples of Profound Feng Sect are proud of you.”
“Kill him as he created trouble in our sect. Don’t let him get back to his sect.”
“Mighty Jiang Chen! Mighty Jiang Chen!”
Among the applause, the corner of Jiang Chen’s mouth was overflowing with a faint smile.
When the pill was almost complete, five kinds of flames were casted by Jiang Chen. The Five Elemental True Fire was shaking everything in all directions and came out with a deafening noise. Everyone was forced to take a few steps backwards by the power of Five Elemental True Fire. Even Lin Zhongqiang or the other elders could feel great pressure under the dreadfulness of the Five Elemental True Fire.
“Complete!”
“This is……”
Jiang Hao was shocked after seeing that Jiang Chen had five kinds of such powerful flames. Under these five flames, the Heavenly Fire Great Rejuvenating Pill was incomparably round and smooth and filled with intense fragrance.
Everyone was stunned, holding their breath out of astonishment. They only resumed breathing when Jiang Chen withdrew his flames. The pressure that the Five Elemental True Fire emitted was indeed too strong. Especially during the process of concoction, it was burning with optimal energy and almost burned the entire sky.
“Five Elemental True Fire!”
Xuan Qingming’s pupils shrunk suddenly because he had only heard of this fire once before. He knew that the Five Elemental True Fire was very rare and even a well-known alchemist might not be able to have one of the flames. Although the five types of flames actually were not compatible with each other, Jiang Chen still managed to control them so well and they all became so mild in his hands. There was no conflict at all during the concocting process. Eventually, the quality of the pill was upgraded to the highest ranking under the concoction of the Five Elemental True Fire.
Xuan Qingming could be considered as the most knowledgeable person in the Profound Feng Sect. However, even he did not know how Jiang Chen got the Five Elemental True Fire.
“This man can really spark people’s curiosity.”
Xuan Qingming murmured in this heart. However, right now he had the answer in his heart as well. Jiang Chen’s medicinal pill was definitely higher grade than Jiang Hao’s Heavenly Fire Great Rejuvenating Pill. He even felt slightly tempted to have the pill.
“What kind of flames are those? Are they really True Fires?”
Jiang Hao asked Jiang Chen while his eyes did not even blink once.
True Fire, as its name, was the supreme fire between the heavens and earth. It’s called True Fire as it could melt everything in the world. A True Fire could greatly aid an alchemist in alchemy. Since Jiang Chen had all of the five True Fires, wouldn’t he be engulfed by them? Jiang Hao was incredibly startled. He might not even be able to control two types of the True Fires, whereas Jiang Chen could manage five types of the True Fire. Although he was unwilling to believe, it was already a fact.
Jiang Hao was very clear about the advantages the True Fire had brought to Jiang Chen. The True Fire helped Jiang Chen to achieve great effectiveness in concocting the pill and depurated the herbs into a very pure stage. The Five Elemental True Fire’s contribution could not go unnoticed.
“Not bad.”
Jiang Chen smiled faintly. He was never worried that someone would take his Five Elemental True Fire away because one could easily be devoured by the fires. This Jiang Hao was not in the realm of being capable of controlling any True Fires. In the past, in order to obtain Five Elemental True Fires, he had gone through a lot of difficulties and was even almost killed.
Jiang Hao was really envious of Jiang Chen’s Five Elemental True Fire. If he possessed it, his strength and skill in concoction would definitely achieve great advancement.
“Senior Jiang Chen is really astonishing. He’s indeed the ancestor of playing the fire.”
“Who will deny this? My eyes have been opened today.”
“Hahaha, I guess Jiang Hao is dumbstruck. Look at his perplexed face, we know that he doesn’t have any chance of winning in this competition.”
Jiang Chen did not really care about others’ opinions. His medicinal pill had already hit quite a high grade and even Xuan Qingming valued this medicinal pill.
“How’s this pill?”
Jiang Chen handed Jiang Hao the pill. Jiang Hao’s countenance fell immediately after he examined Jiang Chen’s Heavenly Fire Great Rejuvenating Pill while trembling.
“Is this…Supreme Grade Heavenly Fire Great Rejuvenating Pill?”
Jiang Hao said but he’s having trouble believing his words. Nevertheless, this was the fact and he had no choice but to believe. He had watched the entire concocting process so it’s impossible for Jiang Chen to play any cheat.
“Barely reached Supreme Grade.”
Jiang Chen smiled faintly and his smile seemed to release a kind of shyness. At this moment, Lin Zhongqiang was also quite emotionaly intense while he was staring at the Heavenly Fire Great Rejuvenating Pill in Jiang Hao’s hand. But he also looked a bit ashamed because Jiang Chen’s concocting skill and Five Elemental True Fire were indeed dreadful.
“Is that Qilin Saint Fire?”
Jian Hao seems to be aware of the Beast Fire that concocted the Heavenly Fire Great Rejuvenating Pill just now. It was not any ordinary Beast Fire, but the king of the Beast Fire. He would never be able to surpass the Qilin Saint Fire.
“I have lost.”
Jiang Hao murmured and regretted that he was not as good as Jiang Chen. He returned the Heavenly Fire Great Rejuvenating Pill to Jiang Chen and lowered his head in shame.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2275 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2276


Give me Back my Grandson!
He’s not a sore loser. In fact, he could feel how powerful his opponent was. Jiang Chen thoroughly put him down, no matter if it was in terms of alchemy or control over the true flame. It was something that he couldn’t even compare against.
“I’ve said it before, you’re not my match.” Jiang Chen said confidently.
Jiang Hao bitterly smiled and nodded silently. Jiang Chen was right, it looked like he was obnoxious before but it was actually confidence. Only Jiang Chen possessed such confidence.
At this moment, Jiang Chen was under the limelight. He became a leader, helping the sect in defeating the challenger from the Yellow Flame Sect. He was the hero of the sect.
“I will remember this moment. One day, I shall surpass you.” Jiang Hao clenched his fist.
The prodigy of the Yellow Flame Sect lost, utterly and thoroughly lost. However, he didn’t feel ashamed, and as a matter of fact, he thought Jiang Chen won fair and square, and he lost without a doubt. His Heavenly Fire Great Rejuvenating Pill was a High-Grade pill, but it was still a flawed product. Only those below Heavenly God could benefit from it, for those above Heavenly God… it won’t have much effect on them.
Whereas Jiang Chen’s Heavenly Fire Great Rejuvenating Pill was much more potent, Divine Kings could even use it. A Supreme Grade Heavenly Fire Great Rejuvenating Pill was not something that the current Jiang Hao could make. In his opinion, a supreme grade pill could only be done by a real master and Jiang Chen was qualified to be a master.
Even though Jiang Chen’s cultivation base was not as great as his but in terms of alchemy, Jiang Chen had surpassed him far and wide.
“Master Jiang, I shall take my leave now. In the whole Profound Feng Sect, I will only submit to you. I hope to see you in the Hidden Secret Realm. I may not defeat you in terms of alchemy but I will surpass you in terms of cultivation base.” Jiang Hao said seriously.
“Alright. Hidden Secret Realm. I will be there.” Jiang Chen nodded with a smile.
Currently, Jiang Hao has lost face completely and could not stay here any longer.
“Yellow Flame Sect’s prodigy… a Mid Void God that has a superior alchemy art, plus with his unparalleled cultivation method… why is a genius like him not in my Profound Feng Sect.”
Even though Ling Zhongqiang had lost to Jiang Hao, he was still a person who values talented people. This Jiang Hao’s cultivation and alchemy art were one of a kind. He did not slack on both categories, a true prodigy.
But what truly made Ling Zhongqiang lose face was Jiang Chen, as Jiang Chen was his target to be eliminated. But now, that person managed to gain back the sect’s honour in his stead. Jiang Chen will certainly be a monster in the future. Yet, in terms of strength, he was still quite lacking compared to Jiang Hao. Maybe, that would be his weakness.
“Senior Jiang Chen is formidable! We’re proud of you. Hahaha.”
“Senior Jiang Chen. Unparalleled!”
Jiang Chen’s expression was calm amidst the cheering from the crowd. This was expected. No one else within the sect was Jiang Hao’s match. Even Elder Ling Zhongqiang was sub-par.
Yet, at this moment, a terrifying aura was raised within the sect, something or someone was closing onto Jiang Chen with terrifying speed.
“Sinner! Give me back my grandson!” An ear-piercing voice resounded through the plaza.
None of them expected that the great elder would come at such a moment and with his weapon in his hand that he used to slash towards Jiang Chen at a tremendous speed.
It was so sudden that Jiang Chen could not react to Yan Jun’s attack which was inching closer to terminate his life. Yan Jun was a Peak Late True God, his attack was not any weaker. A surprise attack such as this would even give a Heavenly God expert a jumpscare.
However, when the attack was inching towards Jiang Chen, Ling Yun intervened, blocking Yan Jun’s blade in its path with both her hands. At this moment, both of them were looking at each other’s eyes.
“Such a powerful lady. To think there’s such an expert in my Profound Feng Sect and I do not know about it.” Xuan Qingming was shocked.
This lady’s strength was on par with the Great Elder, seeing that she even managed to save Jiang Chen the instant the elder attacked and with such ease to boot.
“Mad dog.” Jiang Chen squinted his eyes and his expression became extremely cold.
The audience was in an uproar. No one could imagine that the Great Elder would suddenly attack the great benefactor of the sect, a lethal strike nonetheless. It would’ve been bad if Ling Yun did not intervene.
“This lady is pretty strong, even I am deceived by you. Extraordinary. ” Xuan Qingming said while looking coldly at Ling Yun.
Such a powerful expert managed to sneak into the sect and he did not know about it… He needed to investigate. Otherwise, how could he explain it to his disciples?
Currently, Xuan Qingming couldn’t help but think of what Gu Wanfeng said before he died, Jiang Chen is a spy. But Xuan Qingming did not see both of them as a person with ulterior motives. Since Jiang Chen had never done anything that has harmed the sect, and had even saved the sect by defeating the Yellow Flame Sect’s prodigy.
“I hope you’ll give us an explanation. I hope my guess is wrong.” Xuan Qingming looked at Ling Yun.
The whole sect became silent. Thousands of disciples suddenly became obedient, there wasn’t any silent chatter. Because the Sect Lord became extremely serious, who would dare cause a scene?
“Heavenly Lightning moves the Earthly Fire, only I shall hail supreme. Sect Leader, I bet you know it right?” Ling Yun said indifferently.
Xuan Qingming’s expression became extremely solemn, and his pupil contracted.
Heavenly Lightning moves the Earthly Fire, only I shall hail supreme. It was the Earthly Fire Heavenly Lightning Sect’s slogan. The said sect was one of the strongest sects in the Northern Cold Divine Region. Since it was a sect that once had a Hierarch expert.
Others may not know but Xuan Qingming was well aware of it. The four brotherly sects (Heavenly, Earth, Profound and Yellow) had received help from the Earthly Fire Heavenly Lightning Sect. The pioneers of the four sects were experts that have left that sect in the past and this secret was only known to each sect lord. Even though the Earthly Fire Heavenly Lightning Sect was mighty, there was an ancestral teaching that said that if the sect was in danger, they have to bring all four sects to protect and save the Earthy Fire Heavenly Lightning Sect.
“I am originally a Heavenly God but was heavily injured by a demonic beast. Jiang Chen saved my life. Do I need to show Sect Lord Xuan the Thunderfire Seal? My master is Reverend Heavenly Lightning.” Ling Yun sent a message secretly and said.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2276 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2277


Slanderous Charges
Reverend Heavenly Lightning, like thunder reverberating in one’s ears.
One of the most powerful men in the Lone Dragon County… it’s not someone he could contend with. Moreover, the Earthly Fire Heavenly Lightning Sect was not a sect that he should offend. The Heavenly Star Sect and Earthly Hades Sect will not let him go if he was to offend the Earthly Fire Heavenly Lightning Sect.
Xuan Qingming’s breath stagnated. The identity of the girl… she’s the disciple of Reverend Heavenly Lightning. Xuan Qingming no longer suspects her identity anymore. The Thunderfire Seal was the secret technique of the Earthly Fire Heavenly Lightning Sect. If he really wanted to see it, wouldn’t he be tarnishing the Earthly Fire Heavenly Lightning Sect’s name? Since she knew about the secret, she must also be a member of that sect. Xuan Qingming did not suspect her anymore and silently nodded.
“I see… Then, I understand. This Jiang Chen is your disciple?” Xuan Qingming said in his transmission.
“He has his own path and it’s not my concern. I originally wanted to leave soon, but to think the Great Elder attacked now. I think Sect Leader Xuan will have to give us an explanation, right?” Ling Yun’s words made Xuan Qingming understand something.
Even though she didn’t say it, he himself needed to investigate this matter. Since Jiang Chen was not her disciple, then it meant that Jiang Chen’s background was ordinary. He’ll become a sharp blade for the future of Profound Feng Sect.
Jiang Chen looked at Ling Yun who was calm without worry. He knew that she must be communicating with the Sect Lord and without pressure to boot.
“Great Elder, what is the meaning of this?” Xuan Qingming said towards the Great Elder.
Jiang Chen had done great deeds for the sect. At this moment, it’ll be bad for the sect if the elder wanted to kill him.
“What am I doing? Hahaha, this fella killed my grandson. Sect Lord, do you think I shouldn’t kill him?” Yan Jun sneered with killing intent.
He would’ve attacked once more if it wasn’t for Xuan Qingming. Not even that girl could stop him.
When Jiang Chen used the Five Elemental True Fire, Yan Jun immediately felt something was amiss. After confirming this fact, he couldn’t suppress his anger. He needed to kill Jiang Chen to avenge his blood.
For Yan Jun, Yan Feng was his last shred of longing in his heart… his grandson, gone. An old, lonely man like him, his final shred of longing was his grandson. Hence, Yan Jun drowned Yan Feng with all the love he could give, making Yan Feng a person that no one would dare go against. With his grandpa being the second-in-command of the sect, no one dared to offend him.
When Yan Feng died, countless people were secretly rejoicing. Because that scum of a human had finally disappeared. Especially those beautiful female disciples, if they were to be targeted by Yan Feng… they won’t be let off by him…
The ‘freedom’ Yan Jun gave to Yan Feng was over the top. Xuan Qingming too turned a blind eye to the boy’s actions since the boy was Yan Jun’s final baby. But who would’ve thought that Yan Feng was killed by Jiang Chen?
What Yan Jun said was extremely obvious. He wanted to kill Jiang Chen to relieve the sadness within his heart.
“Whatever claims you have, do you have evidence that I am the killer of your grandchild? Don’t make a false accusation. I am not one that allows people to make slanderous charges against me. I hope the Sect Lord will investigate this matter.” Jiang Chen said indifferently, neither arrogant nor servile.
He’s not stupid, why should he admit of the murder? Plus, he has done a great deed for the people by killing Yan Feng. That person was a scum of the sect, many people wanted him dead for good.
“What’s dead is dead, what gives? The grandchild of the Great Elder is also human. Aren’t the lives of our brother’s in the sect precious too? That scum had harmed many disciples of our sect and tarnished many senior and junior sisters. It’s great for such scum to die, he deserves it.”
“You’re right. If it wasn’t for the Great Elder supporting him I, myself, would’ve killed him.”
“Nobody would pity such a scum. Except for that grandpa of his.”
“The great elder had given that bastard too much freedom. Hence, Yan Feng’s death is also his responsibility.”
Countless people were murmuring. But none of them dared to speak it out loud. After all, the great elder held quite an authority within the sect, and even the Sect Lord himself had to tread carefully.
“All of you, scatter for the time being. Today’s battle has concluded. Jiang Chen, follow me to the sect’s grand hall. I will give you a satisfactory answer. Great Elder, join us.”
Everyone was disappointed with Xuan Qingming’s words. They wanted to see what would unfold between Jiang Chen and the great elder. Looks like they can’t witness it anymore.
Jiang Chen and the great elder entered the grand hall of the sect with Ling Yun following behind. With both Xuan Qingming and Ling Yun here, Yan Jun will not be able to do anything funny.
“Great Elder, you said Jiang Chen killed your grandson Yan Feng, what evidence do you have? Let us see it. Otherwise, not even I, as the Sect Lord, could make a decision easily. After all, Jiang Chen is now our sect’s saviour as you’ve seen from today’s battle. Jiang Chen’s skill in alchemy is peerless, not even the prodigy of the Yellow Flame Sect is his match. Now that Jiang Chen had made such a contribution for the sect, I cannot just punish him without any reason, right? Otherwise, how could I explain it to the other disciples? Moreover, it’ll violate our sect’s teaching,” Xuan Qingming said solemnly.
He needed to give everyone a satisfactory answer, he could not neglect Jiang Chen as he’s the hero of the sect and with Ling Yun here, he could not act selfishly for his personal gains. Moreover, if he was to act selfishly, he would instead help Jiang Chen and not help Yan Jun. Because he too knew what Yan Jun’s grandchild’s character was, everyone knew about it.
Nevertheless, the great elder was very important for the sect. Hence, he could not simply make a decision.
Yan Jun’s expression became extremely cold and his eyes were red. He could only see Jiang Chen right now, the others did not matter.
“I am the evidence! He killed my grandchild and several other disciples, this debt will never be cleared. I had felt several flames on-site, who could it be, if not him?! Who possessed such abilities in the whole Profound Feng Sect, the whole Deer Mourn Mountain?! Hmph hmph, even Elder Ling could not control these many flames at once. Isn’t it clear now?”
Xuan Qingming’s heart slightly moved.
Could it be Jiang Chen? This is not easy to handle. The Great Elder does not like Jiang Chen from the very beginning too… will he step back? Looks like he’s dead set on pinning Jiang Chen for this crime.
Meanwhile, Jiang Chen was calm and unfazed as if this matter was unrelated to him.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2277 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2278


Hidden Secret Realm
“Since there’s no evidence, stop making false accusations. Is your speciality bullying juniors? You’re the one saying who is the killer and whatnot. If so, wouldn’t everyone have to die because of your scheme?” Ling Yun said coldly.
“Who are you? There is no place for a brat like you to stir trouble in Profound Feng Sect.” Yan Jun said as he looked at Ling Yun furiously.
If it wasn’t for this girl, he would’ve killed Jiang Chen already. Pity.
“She’s not one of us but she’s a guest from outside.” Xuan Qingming said quietly.
“You do not need to feel discontented. I’m just stating the facts. But to think the elder of this esteemed sect would be this unreasonable… towards your own disciple, nonetheless. So, you can just kill whoever you want? This is truly eye-opening.” Ling Yun said.
Yan Jun’s expression kept changing. He was sure that Jiang Chen was the murderer of his flesh and blood, but there was no evidence.
“Great Elder. I think this matter needs further discussion. Jiang Chen had just done a great deed for the sect. We cannot just let our disciple suffer on a false accusation even if you or we felt wronged.” Xuan Qingming said quietly.
“Him? Doing a great deed for the sect? Have I never done anything for the sect?! For all these years, this old one has done everything I could for the sect, is that wrong? Sect Lord, you have truly disappointed me. He’s just a mere disciple, do I not have the authority to punish him?” Yan Jun said.
“Great Elder, you have to know that this is not just about Jiang Chen because he has already garnered the support of countless disciples. If we were to punish him without a justifiable basis then how would our disciples see us? Will they accept it? Wouldn’t our Profound Feng Sect wrong them? Moreover, most importantly, you need to have a piece of evidence. Otherwise, I cannot judge whether he’s the perpetrator. It is hard to convince the masses with just your word alone, Great Elder. ” Xuan Qingming tried his best to convince him.
He was in a dilemma. The Great Elder was respected and one who has supported the sect for all these years. Whereas Jiang Chen had done great deeds for the sect just recently and was supported by the people of the Earthy Fire Heavenly Lightning Sect.
“I will not be biased in this matter, I can only act based on facts. Great Elder is a great friend of mine. But in this matter, I will not step down. If the Great Elder can bring me a piece of evidence, then I shall not inquire further and Jiang Chen is all yours. However, I have to be responsible for the whole sect if there isn’t any evidence provided.” Xuan Qingming said sternly.
At this moment, Yan Jun knew he could never harm Jiang Chen, with that girl and the Sect Lord standing by that boy’s side. Yan Jun was not a reckless man. At this moment, he knew he had to back down, otherwise, it’ll be viewed that he’s throwing a tantrum. But the anger in his heart could not be quenched.
Yan Jun too knew what Xuan Qingming’s personality was, he was just a man. Without any evidence, it’ll just be slander. Now, Jiang Chen was standing at a higher position than him, in terms of the moral standpoint.
“I am just doing my best for the sect. To think that the Great Elder would wrong me. This is truly disappointing… ” Jiang Chen sighed with a helpless expression.
“Don’t be too happy about it. This matter will be settled sooner or later, blood for blood.” Yan Jun harrumphed and left.
He’ll be ballyhooing if he persists any further. This fellow will regret going against me. I refuse to believe that the sect lord will protect you forever. Yan Jun suppressed his anger and left.
Xuan Qingming said after seeing the great elder left:
“Jiang Chen, you have done a great deed for the sect and made our sect proud. But you’re pulled into the matter of the death of Yan Feng, but there are too many questions in regards to this case. Hence, your rewards will be used to equalize your punishment. Be sure to remember to work hard and do not disappoint my expectation towards you. If you can return back from the Hidden Secret Realm, I shall grant you a great gift.”
“Many thanks for the appreciation of the Sect Lord. Jiang Chen will do his very best to make the sect proud. This Heavenly Fire Great Rejuvenating Pill has reached the supreme grade. It’s useful for the Sect Lord, I hope the Sect Lord will accept it.”
Jiang Chen gave the Heavenly Fire Great Rejuvenating Pill to Xuan Qingming.
“Cough* Cough* This… ” Xuan Qingming coughed a little and said with a smile.
Jiang Chen saw through the Sect Lord liked the Heavenly Fire Great Rejuvenating Pill he made. Hence, he gave the Heavenly Fire Great Rejuvenating Pill for his favour. Moreover, he could see that the Sect Lord was on his side, and he was grateful for it. Jiang Chen does not like to owe people’s favour.
“I have no use for this medicinal pill. Plus, I could always concoct myself later. But this pill is useful for Sect Lord, I hope you won’t turn it down.” Jiang Chen said with a smile.
“Alright. I’ll accept it then.” Xuan Qingming took the Heavenly Fire Great Rejuvenating Pill and felt excited.
This Supreme Grade Heavenly Fire Great Rejuvenating Pill was priceless. Not even Heavenly Gods possess such a pill. Xuan Qingming never imagined that Jiang Chen could concoct such a pill with such grade. Looks like he’ll have to ask Jiang Chen if he needed any pill in the future.
“Sect Lord. What kind of place is the Hidden Secret Realm?” Jiang Chen asked.
Xuan Qingming became solemn, kept the pill and said:
“The Hidden Secret Realm is a secret realm created by a peerless expert from the Lone Dragon County in the past. It is considered to be a world on its own, it could not compare against the Divine World but is almost similar to those lower Immortal Worlds. But after that peerless one fell, the secret realm was left without an owner and fell in this area. It’ll open itself once every hundred years and lasts for a year. In that place lies the treasures and wealth left behind by that peerless one but it is also accompanied by great dangers. The beasts over there are exceptionally strong.
“But without the owner of the Hidden Secret Realm, only less than 10,000 people can go into the realm. Otherwise, those who entered the realm will be instantly devoured. Even though 9,999 people is not a small number, there are countless sects scattered within this place, each sect is given a limited set of numbers to participate. We were originally given 15, but now it’s reduced to 13. Those powerful sects around here were given much more slots to enter the place.”
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2278 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2279


Xuanyuan Fengqi
“Even though the Yellow Flame Sect came to challenge us today, when it comes to the Hidden Secret Realm, all four of us brotherly sects have the sturdiest alliance. But you have to remember, not everyone will be able to support you. The sect won’t be there to help you, so you have to rely on your own ability. But don’t worry too much because Heavenly Gods and above cannot enter the realm; only those below could.”
“Basically, the ones entering the realm are True Gods but there are some at the peak who are sent by a few super sects. Unfortunately, your current strength is still too weak. If it wasn’t for you instantly killing Yan Cheng who was a Half-Step True God, I would not have approved you to enter that place. Because the Hidden Secret Realm is filled with danger dubbed as the grave of experts. Out of the 9,999 people who entered the place, only 1000 of them usually remained. But those 1000 people will become powerful figures in this Linhe Boundary.”
Xuan Qingming said with a serious expression in which Jiang Chen was extremely grateful.
“Thank you, Sect Lord. Then, we shall take our leave now,” Jiang Chen said.
“Alright.”
Jiang Chen and Ling Yun left the grand hall. Ling Yun’s expression was still solemn and cold, as if she could never be happy.
“This time, it is all thanks to you. I would’ve been gravely injured by him if it wasn’t for you even if his attack can’t kill me.”
Jiang Chen looked at Ling Yun. This woman never smiled. Always wearing that expression. Are all powerful women like this?
“Nevermind that.” Ling Yun answered.
What answer is that? But no matter what, Ling Yun still cared about him. But her character was just that, not wasting any words.
“I will let you see a different me after I come back,” Jiang Chen looked at the leaving Ling Yun’s back and smirked.
Jiang Chen came to the foot of Deer Mourn Mountain to train and found that someone extremely strong was following him.
“Who is it? Why don’t you come out?”
Jiang Chen’s keen sense rendered the opponent’s stealthiness useless. But the opponent’s strength was still quite dangerous. It felt on-par with the Great Elder, maybe even stronger…
“You’re sharp.” A deep voice reverberated in Jiang Chen’s ears.
Jiang Chen suddenly turned his head and found a giant demonic beast. On its feet, all the greenery withered and flames could be seen, anywhere it steps upon had become charred.
It was the Fire Qilin!
“Have you been following me since the Qiyun Mountain Range?” Jiang Chen frowned as if he was facing a great opponent.
He felt somebody was tailing him before, but the feeling vanished after he entered the sect. It’s probably because of the sect’s great protection formation that hindered the Fire Qilin. And now that he went out to the foot of the Deer Mourn Mountain to train, the beast, that had recovered all its strength, appeared before him once again.
“Yes.” The Fire Qilin replied.
“What do you want? This place is right below Profound Feng Sect, even if you want to do something, you shouldn’t have chosen this place, right? Moreover, I’ve already devoured the Dragon Ball, you can’t get it even if you want to.” Jiang Chen said.
“I am here today for a trade.” The Fire Qilin said seriously.
“A trade? Hehe, please, do indulge me. I am quite interested in it.” Jiang Chen shrugs.
He wanted to see what the beast, who’s tailing him for such a long time, was up to.
“I want your Five Elemental True Fire!” The Fire Qilin said.
“Hahaha, looks like you’re dreaming.” Jiang Chen laughed.
“Do not misunderstand, I do not want your Five Elemental True Fire essence. My bad for wording it wrongly. I need to grow, and I need to devour flames to be able to. Normal beast flame had little to no effect on me now. Plus, there aren’t many beasts that possess beast flame. Hence, I need to find and devour other special flames to increase my strength and grow. Whereby your Five Elemental True Fire is extremely great for my growth. I too have the Qilin Saint Fire, but it’s yet to be formed. The other remaining four flames are great for me too. Hence, I would like to devour your Five Elemental True Fire and in return, I shall become your protector.” The Fire Qilin said solemnly.
Jiang Chen felt the beast’s sincerity. The beast needed to continuously devour special flames to grow. Moreover, the beast was an ancient saintly beast, a proud beast that would not even bow down to the dragons.
The Fire Qilin willingly bowed and begged which truly shocked Jiang Chen. Plus, the beast was quite strong, a Late True God, nonetheless it was not a threat towards Jiang Chen. Jiang Chen had saved the beast before. Hence, being the prideful beast that it is, it would not do something ungrateful to its benefactor. These beasts are sometimes more cute and honest than humans.
“Rest assured. I will not covet your Five Elemental True Fire. I am satisfied as long as my Qilin Saint Fire is able to grow. Because the Five Elemental True Fire is also important to you. I do not want the essence of your flames.” The Fire Qilin said as if scared that Jiang Chen would be worried.
“Is this your honest thought? But, you’ll have to be my mount, what do you say? Agree?” Jiang Chen said indifferently.
“I……”
“Haha. I’m just playing with you. I am surprised by your honesty. Moreover, I won’t lose anything if you devour my Five Elemental True Fire. So, I accept.” Jiang Chen suddenly smiled.
“Really?” The Fire Qilin was extremely grateful.
Jiang Chen patted the Fire Qilin’s prideful head. If you regard me as your brother, then I will not treat you badly. But if you dare think of doing anything funny, I believe you should know of my techniques.
Jiang Chen thought confidently. He believed he would not lose against the beast in a battle of life-and-death. There was a gap of three realms between them but Jiang Chen’s technique was abundant.
“Rest assured. My Qilin Clan’s promise is precious and will be kept.” The Fire Qilin said proudly.
“My name is Xuanyuan Fengqi.”
“Jiang Chen!”
“However, I need to go to the Hidden Secret Realm afterwards, can you follow me?”
“I can transform to the size of an ant and stay on your shoulder to cultivate. My Qilin Clan’s ability to conceal is top-notch, nobody can detect me.” Xuanyuan Fengqi said confidently.
Suddenly, the giant Xuanyuan Fengqi changed into the size of an ant and landed on Jiang Chen’s shoulder.
“Interesting, hahaha.”
Jiang Chen caressed Xuanyuan Fengqi head and the latter harrumphed, indicating its dissatisfaction.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2279 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2280


The Ancient Dragon City that Coexists with the World
On the foot of Deer Mourn Mountain, within the sect.
Xuan Qingming’s expression was extremely serious as he stood in front.
“Today, I will lead you guys to the Linhe Boundary. Three disciples of the outer sect and ten from the inner sect. In this period of time, the Great Elder will handle every matter with regards to the sect, those who oppose shall be punished according to the sect rules.” Xuan Qingming said coldly.
“Understood,” Yan Jun said with vigour.
Everyone became silent, the Great Elder will take over the sect temporarily, and nobody shall nor dare to doubt his abilities and authority.
Yan Jun looked at Jiang Chen coldly. Luckily you manage to enter the Secret Hidden Realm, otherwise, you’re dead for sure. 
“Where are the inner sect disciples?” An azure-robed man said coldly.
“This is the big brother of the inner sect, Pan Hong. He’s a Mid True God, he’s on par with some of the elders too.” Bai Yunfei said quietly.
“Pretty strong.” Jiang Chen slightly nodded, to become the big brother of the inner sect is definitely not easy.
Pan Hong looked at Jiang Chen and the others. He then nodded towards Xuan Qingming as all the people were present.
Jiang Chen did not expect to see two familiar faces from the inner sect members.
“Inner Sect, No. 7. Man Shuai.”
Man Shuai looked at Jiang Chen. His current position in the sect was all thanks to the breakthrough that he had achieved previously. He’s not a simple half-step True God and his battle strength was nothing to scoff at.
Man Shuai felt quite grateful towards Jiang Chen. The Hidden Secret Realm only opens every hundred years, if he did not manage to enter it this time, he’ll never be able to enter the training ground where talented people gather. This chance was all thanks to Jiang Chen.
“Outer sect No. 2, you’re not what you seem. Haha. I thought so.”
Man Shuai patted Jiang Chen’s shoulder and said. That terrifying strength… an average disciple would’ve crumbled from the pat alone.
“Not bad. Brother Man. Haha, you too have improved greatly.”
“It is all thanks to you. If it wasn’t for your Daybreak Pill. I would’ve stagnated in the Peak Mid Void God realm for god knows how many years. Most importantly, I was able to get a spot to enter the Hidden Secret Realm this time, I do not know how to repay this… ”
Man Shuai was an emotional man, the favor he received from Jiang Chen’s Daybreak pill will forever be remembered by him.
“You’re being too polite, Brother Man.”
“I’m the Inner sect, No. 9, Wang Chongyang. Hahaha.” Wang Chongyang looked at Jiang Chen with a bright smile.
“I have a whole new level of respect towards you. The current me is not your match anymore.” Jiang Chen shrugged.
Wang Chongyang wanted to rob Jiang Chen’s nameplate in the past but was beaten by him, however Jiang Chen did not kill him, allowing Wang Chongyang to have the current result he has now.
“Rest assured. After this journey, I will certainly challenge you again if we manage to come back alive.” Wang Chongyang proudly said.
His strength was obvious, this secretive fellow trained hard for several months and defeated the inner sect number 9 and gained the opportunity to join this expedition.
“I shall wait for that day to come.” Jiang Chen smiled.
“Ready up. I will lead you guys to the Linhe Boundary.” Xuan Qingming said.
“This is the sect’s teleportation formation?” Jiang Chen was slightly shocked.
“Yes. This teleportation formation was built several thousand years ago by our sect’s old ancestor and it took hundreds of years to complete. We could reach the Ancient Dragon City of the Linhe Boundary from here, the biggest city in the Linhe Boundary.” Yang Jian said quietly.
At this moment, Xuan Qingming waved his palm and pushed everyone into the centre of the formation. Several tens of thousands of high-grade divine origin stones were then thrown into the formation and a bright light emerged from it. Everyone gasped, including Jiang Chen, after seeing the tremendous amount of divine origin stone required to activate the formation. Nobody would be willing to use this formation if it wasn’t for the void transfer.
Jiang Chen could see that even the Sect Lord felt somewhat pained. Several tens of thousands of high-grade divine origin stones. This was even enough to move a Heavenly God expert.
“This is way too extravagant.” Bai Yunfei sighed but his eyes sparkled nonetheless.
Because this journey will be the greatest ordeal in their life, no one knows whether they could come back alive as there was only a 10% survival rate. Those who managed to survive the ordeal will become Linhe Boundary’s Lone Dragon County’s peerless experts. The unfortunate ones will become the stepping stone for these people and forever remain in the Hidden Secret Realm and become fertilizers.
Everyone knew that after today, it’ll possibly be goodbye forever. A 10% chance of survival rate but those who were able to walk out with their lives will certainly have their names known throughout the realm.
But who is willing to let go of this opportunity? The gains they could obtain from the year-long trial in the Hidden Secret Realm was unimaginable.
Death was not scary, what’s scary was to have a life of mediocrity. Hence, everyone would bet their lives to get a chance to enter the Hidden Secret Realm. That was the strength of belief, nobody wanted to live a life of mediocrity. A true expert will have to step on countless corpses to reach the height of their lives.
“Quiet down. The formation is activating.” Xuan Qingming said.
The formation activated, and suddenly, a bright light emerged. Everyone held their breath and disappeared from the spot after nine revolutions.
Yue Er held onto Ling Yun’s palm with teary eyes.
“Big Brother left without saying goodbye to me.” Yue Er said quietly, pouting as if she was wronged.
“Is that place dangerous? Big Sis.” Yue Er looked up to Ling Yun innocently.
“It’s not dangerous. Your Big Brother will certainly come back and after he comes back, both of us will leave this place.” Ling Yun said softly after Jiang Chen disappeared into the eye of the formation.
Her expression was somewhat lonely. But she believed that a mere Hidden Secret Realm could not stop Jiang Chen.
“Do not make me look down on you.” 
“Alright. I will see Big Brother come back alive.”
Yue Er turned and held back her tears. She’s young but she’s not stupid. Her Big Brother will surely face great danger, but she can’t do anything about it, she can’t follow him as she’ll only be a burden for him.
Yue Er silently vowed: I will proudly stand beside you one day in the future. I will protect you, Big Brother. 
Ancient Dragon City had existed for god knows how many aeons. Five thousand years? Five hundred thousand years? No one knows. It existed along with the creation of the Linhe Boundary.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2280 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2281


The Humiliation that Happened a Hundred Years Ago
Ancient Dragon City could be considered as the biggest city in the entire Linhe Boundary. The city was around a hundred thousand miles large with hundreds and thousands of cultivators. It’s said that the lord of the city was a Divine King expert who managed to suppress all the surrounding barbarians and monsters. There was no one who would dare to make any trouble within the city. If there was really any trouble, it would be solved in the arena.
The cultivators here were from across the entire Linhe Boundary. The city’s prosperity was higher than any other place.  True God experts were ubiquitous and Heavenly God experts were not rare at all. The opening of Hidden Secret Realm definitely would attract countless experts because what they could bring out of that place would definitely cause chaos among the public.
“It’s hectic here.”
Jiang Chen looked around the city and it looked the same with the Immortal World. However, the people here obviously were much stronger, none of them weak. There were a lot of vendors and potters around. The prosperity of Ancient Dragon City was built up by hundreds and thousands of people here.
“This is the Eastern Suburb of Ancient Dragon City. Three days later, we are going to enter the Hidden Secret Realm through here. Before that, we have to go to the Sect Alliance of Linhe Boundary. There would be hundreds of sect alliances. We have to get our name plate there to enter the Hidden Secret Realm,” Xuan Qingming said.
“During this period of time, no one should make any trouble. If you really offend any great figure here, I am afraid that the Sect Lord could not help you at all. I hope that we don’t make any mistakes in this journey of entering the Hidden Secret Realm.”
“Yo, isn’t this the lord of Profound Feng Sect. It’s so early for you to be here. From what I remember a hundred year ago, your Profound Feng Sect was annihilated and no one came out from the Hidden Secret Realm. But you’re sending people in again? Hehe.”
A strange cold voice appeared next to Xuan Qingming. In front of the Sect Alliance, many experts were gathered around and all of them were the outstanding disciples from their own sects.
“Li Shuangqiang, I never expect that your mouth is still so stinky. Didn’t Giant Hawk Sect also get annihilated except for one person that time? What are you so proud of? Do you really think that I would be afraid of you?” Xuan Qingming said with a deep voice.
Jiang Chen and others were stunned for a moment because they never know about a story like this. A hundred years ago, Profound Feng Sect was annihilated and no one walked out from the Hidden Secret Realm alive. This indicated how terrifying the Hidden Secret Realm was. The person who was able to walk out alive must be a true expert.
“Having a survivor is not bad. Right now, Lin Feng has already become an Heavenly God elder in my sect. Haha.”
Li Shuangqiang said proudly as it was still better than the Profound Feng Sect that was completely wiped out.
“I hope that you can still remain so calm in the end. I also hope that you won’t suffer annihilation this time,” Xuan Qingming said coldly.
“Of course I won’t as you wished. This time my Giant Hawk Sect has produced many geniuses. Xuan Qingming, let’s see.”
Li Shuangqiang brought fifteen disciples and walked into the Sect Alliance with an overbearing prestige.
Bai Yunfei snorted coldy and said, “This man is really irritating.”
Wang Chongyang shrugged and added, “Yes. I hope that we won’t suffer annihilation this time
“Definitely not. We have Jiang Chen here, he definitely can sweep away all the obstacles.”  Bai Yunfei waved his hand and said.
“Senior Bai, if you don’t talk, no one will treat you as a mute.”
Jiang Chen glanced at Bai Yunfei.
Wang Chongyang was also grateful for Jiang Chen’s kindness but he was also very competitive. That was why he saw Jiang Chen as his strongest opponent.
At the moment, no one dared to say too much because Xuan Qingming’s face looked extremely serious. What Li Shuangqiang said just now made him feel very uncomfortable. The experience a hundred years ago had indeed humiliated him. Because of that, the number of people who are allowed to enter Hidden Secret Realm was now reduced by two. Even a sect like Giant Hawk Sect had fifteen quotas.
“It has been a long time, Qingming. Haha.”
“Thanks for greeting, Second Elder.”
He smiled and said. Xuan Qingming gave a slight bow to the middle-aged man who was walking in the hall.
“Just relax. Will Profound Feng Sect surprise us this time after a hundred years later? Haha.”
Ren Yuanzi said with a smile. He was the Second Elder of the Heavenly Star Sect and his battle strength was unpredictable. Compared to Xuan Qingming, he was at a realm higher.
“We’re ashamed. Hope that we can get a good ranking and not be like last time. If this time we suffer again… Sigh.”
Xuan Qingming shook his head and heaved a sigh.
“Don’t think about it, this time we have the strength of four different sects. There won’t be any problem. Liu Quanchao, meet the Lord of Profound Sect.”
“Greetings, Lord of Profound Sect.”
A young man who had curly hair bowed down lightly.
“This is the number-one disciple of my sect. His cultivation realm has reached the peak of Late True God. He might be even one of the best genius disciples in the entire Linhe Boundary.”
When Ren Yuanzi looked at Liu Quanchao, he was filled with the colour of pride. Although Xuan Qingming knew that Ren Yuanzi was not someone who loved showing off, he still felt a bit uncomfortable when knowing about such an excellent disciple. Even though Profound Feng Sect and Heavenly Star Sect were brother-sects, their strength and competence were at very different levels.
“I am Liu Quanchao. This time I will definitely not disappoint our brothers and I will make sure all of the brothers are safe.”
Liu Quanchao’s words were full of confidence. Jiang Chen and others nodded their heads lightly. This man was really formidable and even Jiang Chen shivered for a bit. The ten major sects in the Linhe Boundary were really full of outstanding experts. Although Xuan Qingming was very strong, Ren Yuanzi, a Second Elder, was even more superior than him. Now they realised that the experts on the outside world were so astonishing. Behind Liu Quanchao, there were twenty four disciples at least at the Mid True God Realm following him. In terms of strength, they were all comparable with Pan Hong, the number-one disciple of Profound Feng Sect.
Among the twenty five disciples, there was one young lady who was wearing purple clothes. Her face looked elegant but cold. She had attracted everyone’s attention, but she remained uninterested. Even Yang Jian and Bai Yunfei could not help looking at that purple-clothed lady with affection.
“I am really envious of Heavenly Star Sect as it’s full of genius and experts. Hehe.” Xuan Qingming said.
“I, Old Ancestor Di Long, is here. Haha.”
The Great Elder of the Earthly Hades Sect, Old Ancestor Di Long walked in with bright laughter. There were eighteen disciples following him and each of them looked very formidable. They were not as strong as the disciples of Heavenly Star Sect, but they were still extremely outstanding. The first disciple who took the lead obviously was also an expert of Late True God Realm. The weakest disciple was an Early True God.
“You always swagger,” Ren Yunzi said faintly.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2281 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2282


Divine Pill Sect
“Don’t find me annoying, Ren Yuanzi. Last time, we held our position to speak by showing our competence. When would be the turn for our Earthly Hades Sect to be the leader in this sect alliance? Hahaha.”
The old ancestor of Earthly Hades Sect said while laughing in a cunning way, but he did not seem hostile to the Profound Feng Sect.
Xuan Qingming smiled and said, “Brother of Earthly Hades Sect, how are you doing?”
“I am doing well. Why hasn’t Mu Tianen been here yet? Will the  Yellow Flame Sect going to disband soon? Haha.”
As soon as Old Ancestor Di Long finished his words, a thin middle-aged man who was in a yellow robe walked towards them slowly. Thirteen young man followed behind him. The disciple who took the lead was the Jiang Hao who had encountered Jiang Chen before. Unexpectedly, they met each other again here.
“You, this old man, do you really wish that I am absent?” Mu Tianen smiled coldly and said.
Jiang Hao and Jiang Chen exchanged a glance while having the urge to fight. Although Jiang Chen had defeated Jiang Hao in terms of alchemy, Jiang Hao was not afraid of Jiang Chen at all in terms of strength.
Mu Tianen looked at the disciples behind Xuan Qingming and asked, “Who is Jiang Chen?”
“Old Mu, are you ignoring my existence?”
Xuan Qingming smiled coldly.
Mu Tianen replied calmly, “I just want to know who managed to concoct the Supreme Grade Heavenly Fire Great Rejuvenating Pill.”
At this moment,  no matter if it was Old Ancestor Di Long or Ren Yuanzi, they all opened their eyes wide and became solemn. They had heard of the Heavenly Fire Great Rejuvenating Pill. No ordinary alchemist would be able to make a Supreme Grade Heavenly Fire Great Rejuvenating Pill. Even the master of the alchemists might not be confident in concocting this grade of medicinal pill. More importantly, Jiang Chen concocted the pill with the herbs that Jiang Hao threw away. Mu Tianen found it really unbelievable after hearing this from Jiang Hao.
“You said that someone from their sect is able to concoct a Supreme Grade Heavenly Fire Great Rejuvenating Pill?” Old Ancestor Di Long asked with his shocked face.
“That’s right. Xuan Qingming knows this the best,” replied Mu Tianen.
“I am Jiang Chen. I was just lucky. It is not easy to concoct the Heavenly Fire Great Rejuvenating Pill. I don’t think I can make it again.”
Jiang Chen smiled with humility. Under the gaze of Old Ancestor Di Long, Mu Tianen and many other disciples’ curiosity, Jiang Chen remained calm and relaxed. However, not many of them actually cared about Jiang Chen because his cultivation realm of Late Void God Realm was indeed too weak. They could simply kill him without much effort.
“Where’s the pill? Where’s it right now? I am willing to buy it from you. Give me a price, young man,” Old Ancestor Di Long said in a serious manner.
The potency of a Supreme Grade Heavenly Fire Great Rejuvenating Pill was so good that even well-known outstanding alchemists of the Earthly Hades Sect and the Heavenly Star Sect would not have the confidence to make it. It might not be that difficult for them to concoct a High Grade Heavenly Fire Great Rejuvenating Pill but it wouldn’t be very useful for the Heavenly God experts like Old Ancestor Di Long.
“*Cough* *Cough* ”Xuan Qingming cleared his throat and said, “I have eaten it.”
“You… Sigh. Nevermind. Why are you so greedy…”
Old Ancestor Di Long felt very regretful. Why wasn’t Jiang Chen a disciple of his sect? Jiang Chen was still very young but he managed to concoct a Supreme Grade Heavenly Fire Great Rejuvenating Pill. It’s really astonishing. No wonder his cultivation realm was so low, it must be because he had spent all of his effort on concocting medicinal pills. 
Jiang Chen became a popular guy in the four major sects right now but it was still very embarrassing because his cultivation realm was indeed not that glamorous.
Old Ancestor Di Long then said with some hope, “If you still have the Heavenly Fire Great Rejuvenating Pill, please keep one for me.”
“I really don’t have it anymore. Sorry, old ancestor.”
Jiang Chen smiled while feeling sorry.
“Hahaha. Heavenly Fire Great Rejuvenating Pill? This young kid is able to concoct the Heavenly Fire Great Rejuvenating Pill, really? It’s interesting. It is the first time I, Jiang Chenzi, have heard of this. You haven’t even reached the True God Realm, but you’ve dared to say so. If you still have any Supreme Grade Heavenly Fire Great Rejuvenating Pill, I would want it all.”
A bearded man said and laughed coldly while showing disdain to Jiang Chen.
Ren Yuanzi said coldly, “Why are you here, you are people of the Divine Pill Sect.”
“Hahaha, I just want to let you know that you are too naive. Even the genius alchemist in our Divine Pill Sect only managed to produce a Low Grade
Heavenly Fire Great Rejuvenating Pill once. Do you really think that it’s so easy to concoct a pill like this? Haha. A young kid managed to cheat you all. If you really have this talent, we wouldn’t hesitate to keep you as our disciple.”
Jiang Chenzi looked cold and he kept sneering.
“Who do you think you are? What kind of place is your Divine Pill Sect? Who wants to go there?
Jiang Chen said proudly, making everyone hold their breath because they thought that Jiang Chen was too ignorant to say something like that. Many people of the outer sect started surrounding them. What kind of place is the Divine Pill Sect? It was the number-three sect in the entire Linhe Boundary. Not to say the number of the expers, almost half of their disciples knew how to concoct medicinal pills. It was the place considered as the heaven of concocting medicinal pills and Immortal Grade Alchemists were there.
An alchemist would be considered as Supreme Grade Alchemist if his success rate was above fifty percent. So did an Immortal Grade Alchemist.
Being a High Grade Alchemist was not difficult. But, he would still need supreme talent. In the entire Divine Pill Sect, there were more than thousands of High Grade Alchemists, whereas, Profound Feng Sect only had Lin Zhongqiang and Gu Wanfeng. Lin Zhongqing could only concoct high grade medicinal pills. The success rate for him to concoct a supreme grade pill was lower than ten percent.
There were around thirty Supreme Grade Alchemists in the Divine Pill Sect, but the Sect Lord and the Great Elder had the skills that could be considered the true Immortal Grade Alchemist. Being the Seventh Elder in the Divine Pill Sect, Jiang Chengzi only reached the level of Supreme Grade Alchemist. However, he could not concoct all kinds of pills at a fifty percent success rate. For example, he could not make the Heavenly Fire Great Rejuvenating Pill at this success rate. The level of difficulty of concocting the Heavenly Fire Great Rejuvenating Pill could be considered as one of the highest of the supreme grade medicinal pills.
In other words, it meant that even Jiang Chengzi was not sure that he could concoct a Supreme Grade Heavenly Fire Great Rejuvenating Pill. That was why he felt that Jiang Chen was just bragging and cheating. If there was a supreme genius like him, then it’s only reasonable that Divine Pill Sect should keep him as a disciple. Meanwhile, there were many people who wanted to enter Divine Pill Sect in the entire Linhe Boundary.
It’s okay that you don’t know about other sects but you must know about an extraordinary existence like the Divine Pill Sect. Even the number-one Clear Stream Sect and the Ghost Eye Sect would not want to offend Divine Pill Sect.
“Who is he? Such an arrogant man. If I had the chance to enter the Divine Pill Sect, I would put my utmost effort to enter it.”
“That’s right. He’s too haughty. However, it doesn’t seem like he is unwilling to enter. I guess it’s because his cultivation realm is too low. Haha.”
“There are always people who love to curry favours with the public. Hehe. Seems like the people of Divine Pill Sect are here as well. We’re going to have a good show today.”
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2282 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2283


Divine Tool as the Stake
More and more people gathered around Jiang Chen. The front of the Sect Alliance became crowded . Since the Divine Pill, Heaven, Earthly, Profound and Yellow Flame sects were all here, everyone was interested in finding out what was going on.
A white-clothed man came forward and said coldly, “Such an arrogant attitude. Who do you think you are to humiliate my Divine Pill Sect? You’re shameless.”
“I do not despise your sect, but your sect is really worthless as it can’t even produce a Supreme Grade Heavenly Fire Great Rejuvenating Pill. How come do you still dare to brag here?” Jiang Chen replied coldly.
Ren Yuanzi, Old Ancestor Di Long, Xuan Qingming and others were all stunned for a while because what Jiang Chen said had really offended the entire Divine Pill Sect but he seemed to not really care at all.
“Are you really able to make it?”
The white-clothed man shouted in a deep voice.
Jiang Chen laughed out loud and said, “I guess you are out of your mind. If I can’t make it, why would I tell you all of these?”
“Alright. What a sharp-mouthed boy. How about we have a contest now? Whoever loses will be the little puppy,” Li Yanchao was angry and challenged Jiang Chen.
“You are childish, aren’t you? If you want to have a contest, how about we show our true colours and do our best? If so, then we should do something really exciting, right?”
Jiang Chen’s words amused everyone because it was right that they were not kids anymore who just called another one a puppy if one of them lost. They were all adults who should act like adults.
Jiang Chenzi stood out at this moment and gave Li Yanchao a glance. He was the number-three genius disciple in the entire Divine Pill Sect. His strength has already reached the Late True God Realm and his skill in alchemy was also mystically terrifying. He was not less formidable than any top disciples of the ten major sects in the Linhe Boundary.
Jiang Chengzi asked purposely, “Are you confident? Li Yanchao.”
“Without any difficulty.”
“Alright, then you will take over this matter.”
Jiang Chengzi was full of confidence because he knew that it was just a piece of cake for Li Yanchao to defeat Jiang Chen. Li Yanchao would let everyone know the formidability of Divine Pill Sect.
Ren Yuanzi and Xuan Qingming exchanged a glance while others were quite speechless. Xuan Qingming actually did not know whether Jiang Chen was confident in this contest at all. In fact, Jiang Chen was too reckless for not realizing that the opponents were from Divine Pill Sect, instead of Yellow Flame Sect’s Jiang Hao. The gap between them was not small at all, in terms of strength.
“He is indeed reckless, but his courage is admirable. If he could really concoct a Supreme Grade Heavenly Fire Great Rejuvenating Pill, the Divine Pill Sect will definitely be humiliated and lose all of their dignity. Then they won’t be so arrogant in the future. Because of their skill in alchemy, the people of Divine Pill Sect have always looked down upon others and made everyone pay respect to them. I have been sick of this attitude of theirs since a long time ago.”
Ren Yuanzi smiled faintly. Although Jiang Chen was not a disciple of his Heaven Star Sect, he actually had a positive impression on this guy.
“So daring to say something like this that despises the Divine Pill Sect. It’s the first time I’ve seen someone like him in over hundreds of years. Hahaha. It’s blunt! But I like it. If he can concoct a Heavenly Fire Great Rejuvenating Pill that suits me, that would be the best. Haha.”
Old Ancestor Di Long squinted his eyes while also very curious about the result.
“If he can really defeat the people of Divine Pill Sect, then I won’t be that angry anymore.”
Mu Tianen smiled and then glanced at Jiang Hao.
“What do you think? Do you think he can win?”
“Not sure. I guess he has a fifty-fifty chance. Jiang Chen is not from Divine Pill Sect, but his skill in alchemy is also mystically terrifying. At least, I am not a match for him. I am much inferior.”
Jiang Hao lowered his head. Although being the outstanding alchemist of Yellow Flame Sect, he was actually unable to defeat Jiang Chen in any way at all. However, Jiang Hao did not feel shameful at all because there’s nothing bad about losing. What was the worst was that you did not admit your limitation when you have already lost.
If Jiang Chen could defeat the people from Divine Pill Sect, then both Mu Tianen or Xuan Qingming would be extremely happy. Everyone knew how strong the Divine Pill Sect was. Of course they would not bully anyone with violence at this moment, but they would leave a heavy blow on them using their skill in alchemy. Winning over others without using violence was even more overbearing.
Li Yanchao’s strength and skill were extremely powerful, otherwise, Jiang Chengzi would not be so relaxed right now.
“Someone is really ignorant as he dares to challenge the Divine Pill Sect. In the entire Linhe Boundary, perhaps no one can defeat them in terms of alchemy. Their status is unshakable. Doesn’t he know about this?”
“That’s right. He’s really that ignorant. So we can’t help him as well.”
“I’m speechless. This man is definitely crazy and stupid. Challenging the Divine Pill Sect’s skill in alchemy is nothing different from jumping into a trap.”
“Let’s see.”
Jiang Chen had become the focus of attention at this moment, but nobody thought that he could defeat Li Yanchao. One should know that Li Yanchao was well-known for his skill in alchemy which was comparable to some of the elders in the Divine Pill Sect. That was why Jiang Chengzi was extremely confident in him.
“Tell me what is at stake?”
Li Yanchao looked at Jiang Chen.
“My stake is a piece of Divine Tool.”
As soon as Jiang Chen finished his words, he took out a piece of Divine Tool. At this moment, everyone took a cold breath and Xuan Qingming was even stunned. Wasn’t this guy being too luxurious? It was very unexpected that he had a Divine Tool. Was that given by Ling Yun? This guy has so many secrets.
“He came out with a Divine Tool. Your disciple really surprised us, Qingming.”
Ren Yunzi smiled. Being the Second Elder of the Heaven Star Sect, he was not envious of Jiang Chen’s Divine Tool. However, he was quite shocked by the formidableness of the Divine Tool. It was very attractive to Heavenly God experts.
“Good guy. You’re quite interesting. I guess his personality had dumbfounded the people here. In a flash, he took out a piece of Divine Tool. Such an overbearing, imposing personality. Hahaha.”
Old Ancestor Di Long nodded.
The Divine Tool in Jiang Chen’s hand was some weapon that he had refined in the past during his leisure time. Its quality hasn’t even reached the supreme grade but it truly is a piece of Divine Tool. Hence, it was still quite attractive to Heavenly God experts. Of course, it was even startling to those True Void experts.
No one dared to underestimate Jiang Chen anymore as he was too overbearing by taking out a Divine Tool as his stake.
“Alright! Tell me what do you want?”
Li Yanchao’s eyes shone while staring at Jiang Chen’s Divine Tool.
“The formula to cure an injury of a Divine Soul. It must be a formula that is suitable to cure an expert at the Heavenly God Realm and above,” answered Jiang Chen faintly.
He did have some normal medicinal pill formulas but they were not useful to Ling Yun’s injury. Soul Stabilising Pill wasn’t that effective to her anymore.
“That’s all?”
Jiang Chengzi was stunned for a while. Although the formula for curing an injury of a Divine Soul was valuable, it was not as valuable as the Divine Tool.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2283 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2284


I’m Going to Take Over the Beast Fire
Li Yanchao looked at Jiang Chengzi and said, “Seventh Elder, I….”
“I have it here. Don’t worry. If you win, I will give you the formula. Everyone here can be our witness. If you lose, then the Divine Tool will be mine.”
Li Yanchao was stunned for a while and he was unable to say any words.
“Don’t worry. I won’t take the Divine Tool, it’s for you.”
Jiang Chengzi said faintly which consequently thrilled Li Yanchao because the Seventh Elder did not cling to the Divine Tool and would give it to him.
Jiang Chen smiled and very confidently said, “Don’t celebrate too early. The Divine Tool might not be yours.”
He was going to concoct the Heavenly Fire Great Rejuvenating Pill again. This time, he might be able to concoct three pieces of the pill. If he managed to do so, he would give the pills to the three masters of the Heavenly Star Sect, Earthly Hades Sect and Yellow Flame Sect. Consequently, in the future, Profound Feng Sect would definitely be able to build a good relationship with them. Jiang Chen had already expected this.
Bai Yunfei laughed and said, “Unexpectedly, Jiang Chen is still so overbearing. It’s great that you’re a disciple of Profound Feng Sect. Haha.”
Man Shuai smiled and added, “You’re so monstrous. Even though others might not trust you, I still believe in you.”
He was not worried about Jiang Chen at all. Although he was also quite haughty, he actually admired Jiang Chen very much.
“You must not be defeated, otherwise, I don’t know how many people out there are waiting to see you as a joke.”
Wang Chongyang also smiled. He knew that Jiang Chen would not lose.
As long as Jiang Chen had the confidence to win, he would not risk himself. He was extremely relaxed now and this showed that he was extremely confident in his skill.
“Let’s see. I am going to let you know what is a true Supreme Grade Heavenly Fire Great Rejuvenating Pill.”
Li yanchao smiled and said, his words were filled with pride and provocation. Being the number-three genius disciple in his sect, it was reasonable for him to have such pride. Although he had not succeeded in concocting a supreme grade medicinal pill every single time, his success rate was still quite high. He had attempted to concoct the Heavenly Fire Great Rejuvenating Pill before as well and he was successful a few times. However, the best grade he had produced was only a high grade. It was still one step away from the supreme grade. One should know that it was much more difficult to concoct the Heavenly Fire Great Rejuvenating Pill than any other ordinary medicinal pill.
However, that happened three years ago. Right now, Li Yanchao is even more skillful than before, hence he was not afraid of Jiang Chen.
Not to be outdone, Li Yanchao took out his trump card immediately. It was the Beast Fire of the Fire Cloud Leopard, and it was quite a terrifying Beast Fire. It was not weaker than Jiang Hao’s Fire Dragon Bear Beast Fire.
“It’s obvious that his Beast Fire is extraordinary. Seems like Li Yanchao is going to win.”
“Don’t jump into conclusion so early. It’s still too early to judge.”
“I can’t wait anymore. Haha. Supreme Grade Heavenly Fire Great Rejuvenating Pill. Hehehe. What if I can have a piece of that pill.”
“If one sold a Supreme Grade Heavenly Fire Great Rejuvenating Pill at the auction market, I guess it would at least cost more than one thousand high-grade Divine Origin Stones. Even if one has countless Divine Origin Stones, he might not be able to buy any at the market.
Jiang Chen was calm and he gave Jiang Hao a glance.
“Brother Jiang, do you still have the herbs for concocting the Heavenly Fire Great Rejuvenating Pill?”
“Yes.”
Jiang Hao did not hesitate at all. In front of so many people, Jiang Chen asked him for the ingredient of the pill. This had actually helped him gain the chance of showing off himself. Moreover, he actually did not hate Jiang Chen at all. Jiang Chen defeating him only proved that Jiang Chen was indeed skillful and strong. If Jiang Chen managed to defeat Li Yanchao, that meant he was not that bad to be defeated by Jiang Chen as Li Yanchao was one of the most skillful alchemists in the Divine Pill Sect.
Jiang Chen did not care about Li Yanchao’s Beast Fire at all. He took out his Divine Tool as the stake and decided to have an intense contest with Li Yanchao. Almost everyone was startled by Jiang Chen’s attitude. When he took out the Divine Tool, no one was suspicious of him anymore. Even if Jiang Chen lost the contest, no one would blame him as well. No one really cared about the result anymore because Jiang Chen was so overbearing by showing the Divine Tool. The people around only pursued the astonishment and exciting feeling on the spot.
Jiang Hao gave Jiang Chen the herbs required for concocting the Heavenly Fire Great Rejuvenating Pill.
“Does this guy really have the capability?”
Liu Yanchao could not help but become interested in Jiang Chen’s background. Although he was only a Late Void God, he had the courage that even Late True God experts might not have. The one he was challenging was the Divine Pill Sect which was one of the strongest in the Linhe Boundary.
The people of Heaven, Earthly, Profound or Yellow Sect, including Ren Yuanzi, Old Ancestor Di Long or even Mu Tianen, hoped that Jiang Chen could gain victory. But whether he could win or not, that depended on his own capability. Right now, there were people from more than ten different sects gathering around and watching the show.
To both the Profound Feng Sect and Divine Pill Sect, this was a contest that none of them would like to lose. How was the Divine Pill Sect going to exist with dignity if they lost? Moreover, nobody expected that Divine Pill Sect would lose to a disciple of an unpopular low grade sect.
Jiang Chen was looking at how Li Yanchao gradually refined the pill. Li Yanchao’s technique looked quite skillful and he seemed like a good alchemist. However, he was only at this level. No matter how skillful he was, Jiang Chen was still very confident in defeating him.
One should know that the ingredients Jiang Chen used last time was the worst herbal waste. Nevertheless, he was still able to produce a Supreme Grade Heavenly Fire Great Rejuvenating Pill. This time, he was going to use the best ingredients.
When Li Yanchao almost finished concocting his pill, only then did Jiang Chen begin.
“I really want to see how you are going to win over us, the Divine Pill Sect.”
Jiang Chengzi disdained everyone there. After all, in the entire Linhe Boundary, it was impossible to find an alchemist who was more skillful than the people of the Divine Pill Sect.
As soon as Jiang Chen casted his Beast Fire, everyone, including Jiang Chengzi, was stunned. Jiang Chen’s Beast Fire was very powerful. He could even sense that the Beast Fire had created a great pressure that suppressed Li Yanchao’s Beast Fire. The Beast Fire of the Fire Cloud Leopard was one of the most outstanding Beast Fires amongst all but it was still unable to overcome Jiang Chen’s Beast Fire, unexpectedly.
“What kind of Beast Fire is that?”
Jiang Chengzi and Li Yanchao doubted in their hearts. They had no idea at all what kind of Beast Fire it was.
There was a thin gray-robed young man standing behind Jiang Chengzi. He shivered for a while then stared at the Qilin Saint Fire in Jiang Chen’s hand without blinking his eyes. He nodded his head silently and murmured in a hoarse voice: “I’m going to take over his Beast Fire, surely.”
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2284 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2285


Where is my Formula?
Jiang Chengzi’s heart shivered for a moment. The man behind was a Supreme Grade Alchemist whom he could never surpass. He was the strongest alchemist in the entire Divine Pill Sect and only the Second Elder and the Sect Master were more powerful than him.
“Are you sure that his Beast Fire is the Qilin Saint Fire?”
The thin man nodded while closing his eyes.
Jiang Chengzi squinted his eyes after his interest in the Beast Fire was sparked. Although he could not do anything much right now, they could do whatever they wanted once they entered the Hidden Secret Realm. By then, Jiang Chen wouldn’t have any way to hide himself. It would be just a piece of cake for them to eliminate him as well, wouldn’t it? A Late Void God came here to enter the Hidden Secret Realm. Jiang Chengzi was actually unsatisfied that these quotas were given to the low grade sects like them.
Jiang Chen’s concocting process became even faster this time and his technique was also more accurate compared to the time when he competed with Jiang Hao. The essence he extracted from the herbs were also of the best quality in this competition. The combination of more than ten kinds of herbs was going through an intense concocting process. At the moment, Li Yanchao had already finished his last step and the pill was finished!
“Supreme Grade, it must be a Supreme Grade.”
Li Yanchao murmured in his heart. When he opened his furnace, his eyes shone brightly as he was really surprised. His pill could almost be considered as a supreme grade, but it was definitely a High Grade Heavenly Fire Great Rejuvenating Pill. Nevertheless, it was of higher quality compared to an average High Grade Heavenly Fire Great Rejuvenating Pill.
“I have succeeded! I have succeeded. Hahaha. A Supreme Grade Heavenly Fire Great Rejuvenating Pill!”
Li Yanchao was filled with excitement while everyone on the spot applauded. It was a Supreme Grade Heavenly Fire Great Rejuvenating Pill. Right now Li Yanchao was really proud of himself as all the people from the different sects had witnessed his success. There might not even be more than five Supreme Grade Alchemists and geniuses like him in the ten major sects. However, the Divine Pill Sect already had a disciple whose level had reached the realm of a Supreme Grade Alchemist. It’s of course astonishing, isn’t it? At the same time, many sects were really jealous of Divine Pill Sect’s achievement.
“Divine Pill Sect is really well-known for their skill in alchemy.”
“Yes, they are. Li Yanchao is really more superior. A Supreme Grade Heavenly Fire Great Rejuvenating Pill is a medicinal pill that even a Heavenly God would crave for.”
“Hahaha. I have said that an expert will speak with his ability. Profound Feng Sect only does what they could to curry public favours, how daring are they to challenge Divine Pill Sect? They overestimate themselves. Haha.”
Right now, some people had started to flatter the Divine Pill Sect and applauded for them. Supreme Grade Heavenly Fire Great Rejuvenating Pill was the most a disciple alchemist could do. Jiang Chen was only a new disciple, so how would he be able to concoct a Immortal Grade Heavenly Fire Great Rejuvenating Pill? Even if he could make it, perhaps his body burst because no one who was under the Heavenly God Realm could control the excessive energy from an immortal grade pill.
Li Yanchao and Jiang Chengzi were thrilled because the Divine Tool would definitely fall into their hands. Jiang Chen would not have any chance of winning for sure.
However, Jiang Chen did not stop concocting. Three minutes after Li Yanchao finished concocting, Jiang Chen also finished making the Heavenly Fire Great Rejuvenating Pill. He managed to come out three pieces of the pill and each of them were glittering and filled with intense fragrance. The strong fragrance of the pill made everyone feel refreshed.
The gray-robbed young man could not help shaking his head.
At that moment, Li Yanchao and Jiang Chengzi suddenly became serious. Everyone who was looking at this scene could not really identify whose pills were truly of the Supreme Grade.
“This……”
Jiang Chengzi murmured while squinting his eyes, and his pupil shrunk because the intense fragrance had attracted him.
Jiang Chen then said calmly, “You can have a look to see whose Heavenly Fire Great Rejuvenating Pill is more superior.”
In a flash, Jiang Chengzi got the Heavenly Fire Great Rejuvenating Pill from Jiang Chen’s hand and smelled the pill. Jiang Chen’s Heavenly Fire Great Rejuvenating Pill was also of supreme grade, but it was extremely close to immortal grade. It was at the peak of Supreme Grade! A Divine King expert would be willing to pay a high price to buy a pill like this.
Li Yanchao looked at the Heavenly Fire Great Rejuvenating Pill in Jiang Chengzi’s hand. He was unwilling to believe and did not want to believe, but the fact was his Heavenly Fire Great Rejuvenating Pill was uncomparable to Jiang Chen’s pill.
“I am looking forward to you telling me the facts. How’s my Heavenly Fire Great Rejuvenating Pill?”
Jiang Chen’s words were like a hammer smashing on Li Yanchao’s heart heavily because Jiang Chengzi knew that Li Yanchao had been defeated. Jiang Chen’s Heavenly Fire Great Rejuvenating Pill had surpassed Li Yanchao’s.
“You won.”
Jiang Chengzi’s voice was very soft, nevertheless, everyone around had heard it clearly. The words came from the Divine Pill Sect elder, Jiang Chengzi’s mouth. This showed that Jiang Chen’s Heavenly Fire Great Rejuvenating Pill was indeed more superior than Li Yanchao’s pill.
Ren Yuanzi, Old Ancestor Di Long and others were also stunned for a while and their eyes were filled with astonishment. It was something really worth celebrating and exciting to have Jiang Chen in the Profound Feng Sect. Xuan Qingming was also very excited while looking incredibly confident. Everyone’s gaze fell on Jiang Chen.
Following Jiang Chengzi’s words, there was an uproar in the crowd.
No one could believe the fact. However, even Jiang Chengzi had declared it, so why would it be false?
Li Yanchao was traumatized and his countenance fell. He never expected that he would be defeated and by a Late Void God nonetheless. It was unbelievable. How would his concocting skill surpass him? It was ridiculous.
“I don’t believe it!”
Li Yanchao said with gritting his teeth, however, Jiang Chengzi’s eyesight zeroed-in on him.
“You have brought enough humiliation to us,” Jiang Chengzi said coldly.
Finally Li Yanchao gave up being impulsive. He thought that he would surely win the competition but now the battle had become Jiang Chen’s show. At the moment, Jiang Chen had already become popular among the different sects in the Linhe Boundary. Although Jiang Chen’s strength was not that powerful, his skill in alchemy was so astonishing that he was even capable of embarrassing the people of Divine Pill Sect. Right now, it was impossible for the Divine Pill Sect to send out anyone to compete with Jiang Chen anymore. The contest ended with Jiang Chen’s victory.
“Where’s my formula? Senior.”
Jiang Chen looked at Jiang Chengzi with a smile on his face.
“Humph! Don’t be happy so early.”
Jiang Chengzi gave a roll of scroll to Jiang Chen. Jiang Chen finally felt relieved as Jiang Chengzi did not go against his own words and cheated. Of course, Jiang Chengzi would not dare to cheat in front of so many people.
Soul Raising Pill was more superior than the Soul Stabilising Pill, although it was not really a supreme medicinal pill. However, the formula of this pill was rare. Jiang Chen slightly heaved a sigh of relief as he did not waste any effort here and he managed to get the formula for Ling Yun.
“Let us see what’s going to happen in the future.”
Li Yanchao gave Jiang Chen a cold glance, then turned away and left along with the people of Divine Pill Sect.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2285 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2286


An originally innocent gentleman became guilty because of the item he possessed
At this moment, everyone was so shocked their jaws dropped to the floor) because Jiang Chen gave away three peak supreme grade Heavenly Fire Great Rejuvenating Pill to others.
“Senior Ren Yuanzi, Senior Di Long, Senior Mu. These three Heavenly Fire Great Rejuvenating Pills are yours, please do accept it.”
Everybody was dumbfounded, including the three seniors. Three peak supreme grade Heavenly Fire Great Rejuvenating Pills that would even entice a Divine King, to think he would just give it to others?! At this moment, even Xuan Qingming felt somewhat jealous, after all his own Heavenly Fire Great Rejuvenating Pill could not be compared against those three.
But Xuan Qingming understood that this gift had other meaning. It will play an important role in the alliance of the four sects in the future.
Ren Yuanzi and the others were not stupid. Jiang Chen giving them these pills meant that it’ll be hard for them to go against Profound Peng Sect. The four sects will become much more unified than before now.
“Are you sure?” Old Ancestor Di Long looked at Jiang Chen with extreme shock.
“It’s just a mere medicinal pill,” replied Jiang Chen indifferently.
At this moment, the entire event was pumped. A mere medicinal pill? That is a freaking Supreme Grade Pill! A Heavenly Fire Great Rejuvenating Pill that even Heavenly Gods want! Such a pill is usually priceless, those high-grade pills that usually appear only on auctions cannot be sold due to its high price. 
Jiang Chen waved his palm and gave it to the three of them. Ren Yuanzi and Mu Tianen looked at each other as they were extremely happy. Especially Mu Tianen, he did not expect the boy from Profound Feng Sect to be this generous. How could this lad do such a thing? If these were to be auctioned, it would be a great fortune especially for a Late Void God like Jiang Chen.
He could even spend the fortune he’ll get without worry for the rest of his life.
Some people thought Jiang Chen’s brain must be fried. But there were also those who couldn’t help but admire Jiang Chen’s generosity. Now, those who had some schemes or thought in regards to him had to withhold and recalculate their plans. After all, iwas rare to have such a generous person in this world.
Jiang Chen giving out the pills made the whole event fall into madness. His generosity was way beyond their comprehension. How could he give out such a pill to others? Moreover, the one giving out was just a Void God disciple.
Jiang Chen became famous in the event.
“This lad is truly a shocker. Damn. How come I do not have such a prodigious alchemist under me?” Old Ancestor Di Long curled his lips, feeling unsatisfied.
Meaning, he liked Jiang Chen, extremely. As the boy gave him a peak supreme grade Heavenly Fire Great Rejuvenating Pills. The benevolence he received couldn’t be described.
“Hehe. You’re right. Looks like the Profound Feng Sect will become famous. Moreover, this Jiang Chen will be the cause of it.” Ren Yuanzi said. The rating he had towards Jiang Chen was raised within his heart.
“But, it’s not a great thing. You should know that ‘A gentleman was originally innocent, but he became guilty because of the item he possesses’ I advise you to stop him from going into the Hidden Secret Realm. Otherwise… it’s not like I’m cursing him but I bet he’ll be targeted by the others. Now that he’s famous, the Divine Pill Sect will surely be one of his pursuers. ” Mu Tianen said indifferently.
Even though it was not great for the ears, Xuan Qingming too thought of it. He’s right. Jiang Chen may have made the Secret Hidden Realm his final resting place, it’ll be a hard battle for him if he enters it.
Xuan Qingming frowned deeply. It was definitely a problem. This time, Jiang Chen and the Profound Feng Sect won great cheers from the people here. But it’ll not help them in their journey in the Secret Hidden Realm. Since, Jiang Chen was still too weak. A Late Void God was the weakest in the whole Secret Hidden Realm.
“F*ck. I said you’ll definitely do it. Haha. Good! Jiang Chen.” Bai Yunfei hammered Jiang Chen’s shoulder.
The people of the four sects cheered for Jiang Chen. And some other sects even couldn’t help but accept Jiang Chen. It was rare for such a young man with such an attitude in this world. There were even many female cultivators secretly falling in love with Jiang Chen.
Jiang Chen smiled and did not speak a word while the crowd cheered him on, he was used to it. At this moment, he was looking forward to the Hidden Secret Realm instead. It’ll be a battle of life-and-death, as the whole young experts of the Linhe Boundary will be there.
Xuan Qingming hesitated for a while, but he knew that this was the best for Jiang Chen. It felt like he’s going to take away Jiang Chen’s qualification to enter the realm. Can he do it? Xuan Qingming could not bear to do such a thing towards this exceptional disciple.
“Jiang Chen. I feel that your strength is still lacking. Why not reconsider and not enter the Hidden Secret Realm.” Xuan Qingming said meekly.
He felt embarrassed uttering those words. But he had no choice, Mu Tianen was right. Jiang Chen won the greatest honour for the Profound Feng Sect, but will he choose to back off right now?
Xuan Qingming thought that Jiang Chen was not such a person.
“Sect Lord, you should know that for the sake of this Hidden Secret Realm, I killed Yan Cheng in a single strike. Hence, I will not give up.” Jiang Chen shook his head.
Xuan Qingming sighed. He chose to respect Jiang Chen. Yet in the end, he’s afraid of  this result. The whole place will be filled with experts, Jiang Chen may not be able to become one of them.
“Jiang Chen is our Profound Feng Sect’s hope in rising up. You guys must protect Jiang Chen. Pan Hong, this time do not disappoint me!” Xuan Qingming said towards Pan Hong.
“Acknowledged, Sect Lord. Pan Hong will not disappoint your expectation.”
“Jiang Hao, when the need arises, ally with the Profound Feng Sect, do not allow any losses befalling them, especially Jiang Chen.” Mu Tianen said.
“This disciple understands.” Jiang Hao nodded.
“Zhang Lei, you too. Protect Jiang Chen. Our Earthly Hades Sect will not allow others to bully us and our brothers.” Old Ancestor Di Long said.
“Yes. Old Ancestor.” A handsome man said respectfully.
“Ling Long, protect Jiang Chen.” Ren Yuanzi looked at the only girl behind him and said.
“Alright.”
Ling Long nodded and looked at Jiang Chen with a calm expression.
Jiang Chen looked back at her, a beautiful girl that garnered the gaze of others, one that was favoured by the heavens.
Jiang Chen smiled bitterly. Looks like the three pills he gave off was worth it. To think it managed to rope in so many bodyguards for him.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2286 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2287


Reincarnated Thrice
“I heard that tomorrow night there’s a big auction at the eastern Ju Yuan Auction House. Should we go and check it out? Sect Lord,” Bai Yunfei said with a smile.
God knows where he got the information that there will be a big auction at the eastern side with a big crowd.
Xuan Qingming frowned but seeing Jiang Chen and the others happy expressions, he couldn’t bear to be harsh with them. Moreover, Jiang Chen had just helped Profound Feng Sect, toppling even the Divine Pill Sect. Such an honour made Xuan Qingfeng feel proud.
“Come back before the sun sets,” Xuan Qingming said.
Bai Yunfei and the others cheered. Since it was their first time being so far out from the sect and to be here in the largest city of the Linhe Boundary. How could they suppress their excitement?
“Go with them. Come back before the sun sets tomorrow.” Ren Yuanzi looked at the eager disciples behind him.
After all, they were still in the state where they’re still cultivating their heart in this secular world (still get enticed/excited by the things of the secular world). Just like how he was in the past. Nobody could run away from the temptation of the secular world. It’ll be a lesson for them in the future, they’ll have to meet different kinds of people, scenes and challenges to grow.
Jiang Chen was different, no matter it was in the human world, Immortal World, or even the current Divine World, he was always calm. Compared to those youngsters of the Divine World, he had reincarnated thrice; hence, he had been through a lot, it’s not something that could be compared with these people.
Jiang Chen’s calmness and quietness was different from the others, making him much more exceptional.
Old Ancestor Di Long and Mu Tianen had their disciples follow them to have some fun. Perhaps this will be their last, because nobody knows how many people will come out of the secret realm in the end. Not even Ren Yuanzi or Old Ancestor Di Long, the great elder of their respective  sects, could be sure that these eighty-ish people will not change after going into that battlefield. It will be a true baptism from the secular world, abandoned by the whole world. You can only rely on yourself, you’ll be living for the sake of your own self, alone.
“The Secret Hidden Realm is filled with treasures and dangers. You’ll have to be wary against the dangers within and also the dangers beside you. Only the peerless ones could come out of there.”
Old Ancestor Di Long’s gaze slightly moved and looked at the empty Eastern City and said quietly.
“Those that managed to come out of there will have their personality changed and grow tremendously. Just like… us. Nobody could simply succeed, one needs to pay a great price to succeed. The Hidden Secret Realm is truly a place that one hates and loves it greatly.”
“I hope so, I hope that there will be more people coming out alive this time.” Xuan Qingming sighed.
On the second day, Jiang Chen, Bai Yunfei, Yang Jian and the others came to the Ju Yuan Auction House that housed the largest auction in the Ancient Dragon City. The attendees of this auction are those true experts and wealthy ones. They were all there for the sake of getting their hands of the great treasures that were going to come out.
“I heard that there will be a Ten-Thousand Years Blood Spirit Mushroom and a Human Faced Demon Ginseng, those are supreme grade immortal medicines.”
“Bah! I heard that there will be Divine Tools on this auction too. This Ju Yuan Auction House is the largest auction ground of the whole Eastern City, after all. There are certainly many treasures here.”
“You’re right. You can get anything as long as you have the cash for it. Haha, but the finale of the auction is a formula for an Immortal Grade pill. The people of the Divine Pill Sect are also here, they are dead set on getting that item.”
More people gathered near the entrance of the building that could house 100,000 people.
“Greetings, the entrance fee is 10 mid-grade divine origin stones.”
The guards at the entrance shocked Bai Yunfei and the others. 10 mid-grade divine origin stone just for the entry fee? Wouldn’t they earn like 10,000+ high-grade divine origin stones from just the entrance fee? Isn’t it too much? Even though some of them felt pained,  since they’re already here they could not return without getting anything.
“This is fifty mid-grade divine origin stones.”
Jiang Chen paid the guards and the latter nodded. The guards were careful not to down on anyone because they never know who they’re dealing with here. They’ll be instantly killed if they offended the wrong person. After all, lives are nothing for the strong and powerful.
“Thank you, Brother Jiang.” Man Shuai said.
“You’re too polite, it’s nothing much.” Jiang Chen waved.
Yang Jian, Bai Yunfei and Wang Chongyang smiled towards Jiang Chen as a form of thanks. They’re all brothers from the same sect, hence Jiang Chen did not think much about it. Moreover, it’s just a few divine origin stones, Jiang Chen never bothered much about it.
“Tsk tsk tsk, look at this place, it’s bigger than our sect’s martial arena. Filthy rich. It’s my first time seeing such a big building,” Bai Yunfei said.
“The Ancient Dragon City has a long history and the people here have some great background. The people behind Ju Yuan Auction House are certainly someone strong and are possibly even on-par with our Sect Lords. The hidden experts in this city are numerous,” Yang Jian said.
“Yeah. It’s fully occupied. Truly envious. But isn’t this too crowded?” Man Shuai said.
“You guys look around, I’ll go and pawn some stuff.” Jiang Chen said and walked towards the staff.
“I would like to auction some items.”
“The auction is starting in less than an hour, would you please…”
“Are you sure you can bear the responsibility? Shouldn’t you ask what I am planning to auction?”
Jiang Chen’s words immediately made the staff at a loss of words and did not know what to do. What Jiang Chen said was right. If someone was planning to auction a valuable item, then he could not bear the responsibility.
“Alright.”
The staff member nodded and brought Jiang Chen into a hall while clenching his teeth.
“May I ask, what are you planning to auction?”
“A Divine Tool,” Jiang Chen said indifferently.
Currently, there was no one in the hall, other than the two staff members.
At this moment, the two staffs were stunned, blinking their eyes as they couldn’t believe what they just heard.
“I’ll call our manager.”
One of them quickly ran and looked for their manager. Jiang Chen sat down and was served with tea.
In less than two minutes, a graceful young woman came out. She had an alluring appearance that could entice any man, but Jiang Chen had seen many beautiful women in his life, he was already immune to it.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2287 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2288


Another Wealthy Person
“Young master. What kind of Divine Tool are you planning to auction?”
“It’s just a normal sword. It’s named Zi Luo Sword.”
Jiang Chen took out a sword. It was just a normal grade item that he made, it’s not really a great treasure. Its name was also randomly given. He had thirty more of these average divine tools. Nevertheless, these divine tools were priceless for others.
“Young Master, are you sure you want to auction this divine tool?”
Her eyes shone brightly and looked at Jiang Chen with sparkling eyes.
“This servant’s name is Zi Luo. Hehehe.”
Jiang Chen was stunned, instantly feeling awkward. Isn’t this too much of a coincidence? Are you joking? 
“I hope Miss Zi Luo does not blame me, this sword is named by me.”
“Then, we have a unique fate.” Zi Luo lightly touched her robe and said with a slight smile.
“This divine tool will have a base price of 5,000 high-grade divine origin stones. As for how much it’ll fetch, it depends on the people who are going to bid for it, and how high they’re willing to offer. For us, the highest bid we had here was 11,000 high-grade divine origin stones. Our fee is 1%, the lowest in the whole Ancient Dragon City. ”
“Oh. I see.” Jiang Chen nodded.
“Oh right, Miss Zi Luo, will there be an Immortal Grade pill formula up for auction today?” Jiang Chen asked which made Zi Luo slightly squint her eyes.
“You’re right, is the young master interested in the pill formula too? As far as I know, the people of Divine Pill Sect are dead set on getting that. Hehe.”
“Nope. I’m just asking.” Jiang Chen smiled.
He left the hall after setting a price with Zi Luo. At this moment, the auction site was filled with people.
On the stage, a tall and elegant auctioneer and a middle-aged man beside her said:
“Everyone please be silent. The annual grand auction will be starting. I am your host, Han Dabing. Our first item is a False Divine Tool, the starting bid is 500 high-grade divine origin stones. Each bid shall not be less than 10 high-grade divine origin stones.”
Hao Dabing said and the people became somewhat restless, countless people increased their bid instantly.
“510!”
“530.”
“540.”
“……”
“630!”
“Are there any higher bids? 630 once, 630 twice, 630 thrice! Sold!”
With the hammer as the indicator. The False Divine Tool was sold at 630 high-grade divine origin stones. Jiang Chen was secretly feeling flabbergasted. Damn, they’re rich, looks like there’s a lot of rich guys here. 
Dozens of items were sold in the following time—pills, medicinal ingredients, meteorite irons required for making a divine tool, and some rare items.
“Haih, all of those are good stuff but it’s a pity I do not have the money for it,” Bai Yunfei said with a bitter expression.
The cheapest item was at least several dozen high-grade divine origin stones which they consider as extremely expensive. If they include Yang Jian, they only have 10 high-grade divine origin stones. Looking at how these people spend all their money freely, even the serious Yang Jian felt somewhat pained from the money flying here and there.
“Darn it, where do they get those divine origin stones?”
“Worse comes to worse. We’ll just have to become pirates and rob them to help the poor. Haha.” Wang Chongyang said with a laugh.
“Next up, the items that are going to be auctioned are these Ten Thousand Years Blood Lingzhi and the Human Faced Demon Ginseng. Some would ask why are these two items put up together? Because these two rare treasures are grown together like siamese twins. One could not be separated from the other. Once they are separated, their potency will drop tremendously.” Hao Dabing said seriously and nervously.
“The starting bid for this item is 2000 high-grade divine origin stones.”
*Clamor…* 
The whole auction ground was in an uproar. 2000 high-grade divine origin stones. The price immediately stopped 90% of the participants from bidding. Only those disciples from the great sects with deep pockets could fork out such an amount. Hence, the contender for these items became few.
Jiang Chen squinted his eyes. He wanted this Ten Thousand Years Blood Lingzhi and the Human Faced Demon Ginseng. It’s great for one’s cultivation if these two items were consumed directly, however, if it was made into pills, the effect would be tremendous.
Of course, Jiang Chen wasn’t the only one who knew how precious these items were and what effect it had.
“This Ten Thousand Years Blood Lingzhi, I’ll get it.” A grey-robed youth said.
Jiang Chengzi who was beside him slightly nodded. These peerless materials must be obtained.
“2100.” The grey-robed youth said.
“2200.” Somebody bid.
“2300.”
“2500.”
The price kept going up, the Ten-Thousand Years Blood Spirit Mushroom and the Human Faced Demon Ginseng was quite pricey but nobody was willing to let it go.
“3,000.” The grey-robed youth said.
Many people had given up because of the price because not many were willing to pay for such a high price.
“3,100.” Another unknown person bid as he too was interested in the items.
The price slowly went up.
“3, 500!” The grey-robed youth said once again.
This time, the hall became silent, everyone couldn’t help but be left speechless by his wealth.
“The Divine Pill Sect is truly wealthy.”
“Yeah. But only the people of the Divine Pill Sect could possess such items and wouldn’t waste it.”
“You’re right, a great ingredient needs a great alchemist to unleash its true potential.”
At this moment, Jiang Chen’s expression moved, it’s time for him to bid. Because no one else was bidding against the Divine Pill Sect anymore.
“Three thousand eight hundred.”
Jiang Chen’s words shocked countless people. Instantly, all their gazes were focused on him.
“It’s him!” The grey-robed youth’s eyes slightly squinted.
“Another wealthy man? Haha.”
“Looks like the Divine Pill Sect has met their match.”
“I know that fellow. Isn’t he the alchemist that defeated the prodigy of the Divine Pill Sect?”
“Looks like it’ll be a harsh battle.”
“Four Thousand.” The grey-robed youth frowned.
Is that fellow really THIS rich? A mere minor sect disciple without background, how could this be? 
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2288 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2289


You’re but a defeated foe, what respect can you give?
“Don’t forget that he just simply gave three priceless Heavenly Fire Great Rejuvenating Pills to others. This fellow must have the resources for it,” said Jiang Chengzi.
“4500!” Jiang Chen raised the bid again. This time, by 700.
“Jiang Chen, are you mad? Do you have that many Divine Origin Stones? 4,500 High-Grade Divine Origin Stones, you… you… you…” Bai Yunfei stuttered as he could not understand Jiang Chen.
“Yeah, Jiang Chen, this is not a game.” Yang Jian reminded him.
“I can give three Heavenly Fire Great Rejuvenating Pill to the sect lords that are worth more than 3000 high-grade divine origin stones. Do you guys think I am playing here?” Jiang Chen asked.
“True. Haha.” Wang Chongyang was stunned and nodded in agreement.
But they did not know where Jiang Chen had gotten such great fortune. Because, if he was really wealthy, there was no need for him to sell those pills before.
The grey-robed youth’s expression became cold. This fellow is bidding way too high. The value of the item is at best only at 4000 high-grade divine origin stones. But he keeps raising the bid. 
“4700!” The grey-robed youth didn’t back off.
“5000,” Jiang Chen bid again, calmly.
Once again shocking the whole auction. Many girls became crazy at this moment. A man like that was truly handsome. Moreover, that attitude and character of his… unimaginable.
“I will marry a guy like him in the future.”
“He may not even want you. Haha.”
“Yish. Aren’t I allowed to even dream?”
“Yeah. Such a guy is really charming and you can’t do anything about it.”
Countless girls were infatuated with Jiang Chen, no matter if his act of giving the pills or the bids he made, it had shocked the hearts of people.
The grey-robed youth wanted to bid again but was stopped by Jiang Chengzi.
“Enough. Our target is the Immortal Grade Pill Formula.”
The youth harrumphed from Jiang Chengzi’s words, obviously unhappy. But to think he could not get those ingredients. That fellow was truly irritating.
“Alright! 5000 once, 5000 twice, 5000 thrice! Sold.” Hao Dabing was extremely happy.
He looked at Jiang Chen and slightly nodded. 5000 high-grade divine origin stones. Such dominance, truly domineering!
The next item was Jiang Chen’s divine tool. The final bidding price was 9300. A pretty high price. Jiang Chen was satisfied with it. It’s just that… What will the price of the final pill formula be? 
“Next item is the finale of today’s auction. The starting bid is the same as the divine tool Zi Luo Sword, 5000 high-grade divine origin stones. Each bid needs to be more than 500 divine origin stones.”
The place suddenly went silent after Hao Dabing’s announcement. Immortal Grade Pill Formula… it’s a supreme grade treasure. A treasure that one couldn’t resist. But those that could really utilise it were rare because the value of the formula was hard to measure. Only a true immortal grade alchemist could utilise such a formula and create an immortal grade pill, but it would not be easy to concoct it.
“It’s finally your turn.” Jiang Chen’s heart moved.
At this moment, he did not want anything else, but just that sheet of pill formula.
“This pill formula is written in a special way in the ancient era. The scroll will disappear after it’s read once. Hence, there’s no risk of the content being leaked. This is the one and only formula.” Han Dabing said.
“I announce, the bidding of the Immortal Grade Pill Formula starts now!”
“5500.”
The first to bid was the grey-robed youth.
Unexpectedly, nobody raised the bid. Even though the pill formula was precious, for most of the people, it’s useless for them even if they obtained it. Only those alchemists have any use for it. Moreover, only the Divine Pill Sect has Immortal Grade Alchemists.
The audience was somewhat stunned, including Han Dabing who was feeling awkward. Could it be that only the Divine Pill Sect is going to bid for it? 
“6000.”
An old man wearing a black bamboo hat said.
Hao Dabing breath out a sigh of relief. Finally, someone started to raise the bid.
“6500.”
“7000.”
“7500.”
The youth said confidently. This time, the black bamboo hat old man did not raise his bid anymore.
“This Immortal Grade Pill Formula is mine.” The grey-robed youth smiled.
“8000,” Jiang Chen said indifferently.
Once again the whole auction house lit up.
“You again!” The youth felt angry. This fella is like our sect’s greatest bane. 
“8500.”
“9000.”
“9500.”
“10,000!”
10,000! When Jiang Chen raised the bid to 10,000, the people beside him were shocked, thinking: This fellow is nuts. Moreover, to stand up against the Divine Pill Sect with such an attitude. Truly commendable.
“Little friend. Why are you going against our Divine Pill Sect? This immortal grade pill formula is not something you can concoct. Why don’t you do us a favour?” Jiang Chengzi said.
“Why do you think that I cannot concoct it? How about… Divine Pill Sect sell me their favour?” Jiang Chen said with a smile.
“Why should we do you a favour?” Li Yanchao said.
“Forgive me for being frank. Your Divine Pill Sect and I do not have any respect to talk about in the first place. Don’t come here and bid if you are afraid to lose. Haha.” Jiang Chen’s laugh could be heard across the auction site.
Overbearing!
The people of the Divine Pill Sect’s expression became cold. Looks like they have met their match this time. Moreover, Jiang Chen was not willing to do them any favour.
As one of the strongest sects in Linhe Boundary, not even the 1st or 2nd strongest sects—Clear River Sect and Ghost Eye Sect—would choose to offend them. But a mere disciple of Profound Feng Sect dared to offend them openly.
Li Yanchao’s expression was extremely cold.
“You… We are giving you respect and you’re not accepting it.”
“What respect does a mere loser be able to offer?” Jiang Chen disdainfully said.
He was dead set on getting that formula. Hence, he did not need to continue this farce with the Divine Pill Sect. That was not his style. Today they might not know it, but in the future, they’ll understand how valuable it is to curry favour for Jiang Chen.
“You……!”  Li Yanchao could not say another word.
“Such being the case, let’s battle towards the end. Agree?” The grey-robed youth sneered.
“That immortal grade pill formula is mine.” Jiang Chen curled his lips, he was very confident.
“I’ll tell you this too. I will not give up. This pill formula is mine for the taking.”
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2289 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2290


How much do you guys think is appropriate?
Jiang Chen too, was extremely confident. He still had a dozen or so Divine Tools in his inventory. Worse come to worse, I’ll just smack you down with these divine tools. 
The grey-robed youth’s expression was calm, a clear smug and sneering expression could be seen on his face. He was dead set on getting the Immortal Grade Pill Formula. He will not give up even if Jiang Chen tries to stop him.
The grey-robed youth completely looked down on Jiang Chen. As the number two prodigy in the whole Divine Pill Sect, no one was able to stand in his path. That peerless monster did not come, hence, he was the number one right now. He was even treated with the same status as Jiang Chengzi. Because no one knew how terrifying he could become. It’s even said that he was bound to become one of the most important elders of the Divine Pill sect in the future.
“Senior Lang Ya, you have to avenge me.” The youth, named Li Yanchao, said while gritting his teeth.
Lang Ya, the super prodigy of the Divine Pill Sect. The most famous guy within the sect, even the elders of the sect have to be afraid of him. Because his father’s achievement was something that could not be overcome. His father sent him to the Divine Pill Sect to further cultivate his skills, which allowed him to become who he was today. A man who was skilled in cultivation and in the art of alchemy.
There was no weakness under that skinny figure. He wanted that pill formula, but he might not be able to concoct it successfully. However, it’ll serve as an experience for his path in alchemy.
Jiang Chen also wanted that pill formula. The medicinal pills created from the formula would certainly be Immortal Grade. Not even the Heavenly Fire Great Rejuvenating Pill could reach the Immortal Grade, even if Jiang Chen were to put all his effort into creating a perfect one. The greatest result he would get was a Peak Supreme Grade. Hence, the Heavenly Fire Great Rejuvenating Pill was not an Immortal Grade Pill.
“10,500.” Lang Ya said.
At this moment, the whole crowd was in clamour. More people felt like they were becoming an audience in this clash. No matter if it was Jiang Chen or Lang Ya of the Divine Pill Sect, none of them were willing to back off.
“11,000.”
“11,500.”
“12,000.”
“12,500.”
“13,000.”
“You……” Lang Ya’s expression became gloomy.
At this moment, he could not stay calm anymore, since it was a large amount that was being raised. Even Jiang Chengzi who was standing beside him pulled his arm, giving him a hint that he should stop if he could no longer continue.
“Elder Jiang, let me borrow 3,000 Divine Origine Stones.”
Jiang Chengzi had never thought that he had jumped into the trap he made himself. 3000 divine origin stones was all he had. Do you think an elder like me is as rich as you? But at this moment, he also could not take it anymore.
“14,000!”
This time, Lang Ya shouted fiercely.
“This two fellas… this is too exciting. They’re definitely onto each other. None of them is willing to back off. Haha.”
“Yeah. The final winner will only be the Ju Yuan Auction House.”
“Right?! But this clash is way too exciting. 1000 high-grade divine origin stones each bid. Oh My God. I do not even have a thousand in my vault.”
“Today’s trip is truly worth it. Haha. Enjoyable!”
The battle between Jiang Chen and Lang Ya had caused quite a number of people to be shocked and excited. 1000 high-grade divine origin stones for every bid, since when did divine origin stones become worthless? The world of the wealthy could not be understood by others.
Jiang Chen was confident. I have more than enough divine tools, three if two is not enough, four if three is not enough. I’ll just flood you down with these. 
“Jiang Chen, do you have that many divine origin stones? We’re dead meat if we can’t make it out.” Bai Yunfei said worriedly.
“Nope.” Jiang Chen shrugged and said.
“What? You really don’t have it? I knew it.” Bai Yunfei said solemnly.
“Let’s stop bidding, why should we continue to fight?”
“I still have my divine tools. I’ll just pawn them out, isn’t that okay?”
Everyone was stunned. Yang Jian, Wang Chongyang and Man Shuai… The way Jiang Chen spoke…. Pawn those divine tools? 
Nobody dared to speak anymore and the site became completely silent. Because Jiang Chen was truly extremely dominating. ‘Spendthrift’ could not be used to describe him anymore. Meaning, if it’s not under any special circumstances, who would sell their divine tolls? Wouldn’t it be better to use it?
However, Jiang Chen went against the norm, selling off his divine tools to buy a pill formula. But in Jiang Chen’s opinion, a divine tool was less attractive compared to that pill formula.
“15,000!”
Jiang Chen and Lang Ya looked at each other from afar.
“16,000! Jiang Chen, are you sure you want to thoroughly offend us, the Divine Pill Sect?” Lang Ya said.
“What are you trying to say? Am I here in this auction just to offend your Divine Pill Sect? The people here today will be our witness. Could we not bid on the items that we want?”
Jiang Chen’s word lit the whole auction house. Yeah on what basis that you’re able to bid and we can’t? Are you bullying us with your authority? Yes, the Divine Pill Sect is strong, but is it stronger than the masses? 
“Jiang Chen. You better watch out. Hmph.” Lang Yan harrumphed and became silent because he did not want to give Jiang Chen a chance to incite the crowd.
That was not beneficial for him and the Divine Pill Sect. This Ancient Dragon City and its lord were not any weaker than the Divine Pill Sect and its sect lord. Hence, nobody dares to be reckless in this city.
“17,000.” Jiang Chen raised his bid again and he did so with so much ease.
Whereby every time Lang Ya raised his bid, he felt like he was constipating. It felt like those divine origin stones were forced out from his body.
“18,000!”
Lang Ya was at his limit. He only had 14,000 divine origin stones. He was prepared to get those medicinal ingredients and the Immortal Grade Pill Formula. In the end, he did not get those ingredients and he may even lose the pill formula. Could I still not win against him with the 3000 divine origin stones that I borrowed from elder Jiang Chengzi? 
What is his background? Is he really just a disciple of Profound Feng Sect? How could he be so rich?
“Why so stingy? Raising the bid for such a small amount each time. How much do you guys think I should raise next time?” Jiang Chen said with a smile.
“20,000! 20,000!”
“20,000! 20,000!”
Waves of voices could be heard reverberating throughout the auction site. The crowd was excited, each and every one of their eyes were lit up by this exciting event. The Ju Yuan Auction House would earn tons and tons of cash and every one was extremely excited.
“Alright, I’ll accept the request of the audience, 20,000 high-grade divine origin stones.” Jiang Chen waved his hand.
The host Hao Dabing was dumbfounded. What?! To raise the bid just like that? To ask the crowd how much to raise? And 2000 to boot?! Holy crap isn’t this … D*mn! 
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2290 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2291


Splurging
At the moment, the atmosphere of the scene became more intense following Jiang Chen’s voice. He really showed his support and everyone applauded for him. Why did they applaud Jiang Chen? It was because of his overbearing imposing manner.
“Mother f*cker, it’s a splurge!”
Bai Yunfei could not help cursing.
Behind the scene, Zi Luo squinted her eyes and looked at what was happening. Undeniably, Jiang Chen had become the spotlight in the scene. She grinned from ear to ear. She initially thought that 7,000 was the highest price for Jiang Chen’s sword because although it was much superior than a normal Divine Tool, not everyone found it practical to use. It was different from the Divine Tool which everyone loved to have.
This time, the people of Divine Pill Sect were bidding against an unknown guy and the bid had unexpectedly gone to twenty thousand Divine Origin Stones. This was the highest bid in the past three years. How could Zi Luo not be happy about this? The young man’s background seems extraordinary.
Some people were excited while some people were anxious about such competitive bidding. Jiang Chen felt complacent whereas Lang Ya became frustrated.
Lang Ya was staring at Jiang Chen fiercely without blinking his eyes. At this moment, he had lost all of his way as he did not have any capital to continue to bid.
“20,000 Divine Origin Stones going once, 20,000 Divine Origin Stones going twice, 20,000 Divine Origin Stons going thrice. SOLD!”
When the auctioneer Hao Dabing knocked the table with his hammer, everyone cheered and applauded. Jiang Chen took the cake in the auction!
Jiang Chen nodded with satisfaction as he did not waste his effort to come here.
“Wait for a moment!”
Someone from Divine Pill Sect shouted. The person was not any stranger, he was actually Li Yanchao. Of course, he did not call with his own initiative. Instead, he was under Lang Ya’s order.
“I doubt that he has enough Divine Origin Stones to pay such a high price. He is here to stir up trouble. How would he have such a huge wealth to afford this? He’s just a low grade disciple. A formula of medicinal pills that’s worth 20,000 and 5,000 Ten-Thousand Years Blood Spirit Mushroom and Human-faced Demon Ginseng. Hehe. None of you suspect him? Does he really think that he is a wealthy young master? Today, I would like Jiang Chen to do the transaction on the spot because I really doubted if he could afford this.”
Li Yanchao hated Jiang Chen to the core for being so complacent today and becoming the public’s spotlight. Of course, Li Yanchao was very envious of him. The price was so high and it must have attracted even more public attention.
Lang Ya squinted his eyes as he wanted Li Yanchao to stand up and unravel the veil of Jiang Chen and see if he was really that wealthy to afford this.
Although Li Yanchao’s words sounded quite ridiculous and lacked reason, his words actually also gained some people’s support because they also wanted to know what kind of background Jiang Cheng had to have such courage to compete with the people of Divine Pill Sect.
“Oh right. Why didn’t I think of this? Did this guy purposely go against the Divine Pill sect?  He had done the same thing with the  Ten-Thousand Years Blood Spirit Lingzi and Human-faced Demon Ginseng. It’s hard for us to imagine what his intention is.”
“Maybe he has some hidden secrets? I am now really looking forward to knowing whether he has the fortune to afford this.”
“It’s hard to say. Who knows, maybe the people of Divine Pill Sect also have their hidden intention behind.”
“I would rather believe that this guy does really have this capability. Otherwise, we were just excited for nothing just now.”
Quite a number of people doubted Jiang Chen. After Li Yanchao had expressed his suspicion, many people were itching to find out the truth as well.
At this moment, Zi Luo was walking towards the auction place.
“Hello everyone, I am the manager of Gathering Destiny Square. We can fulfill everyone’s request but we have to seek the bidder’s opinion first. If the bidder doesn’t agree with that, then we have no right to do the transaction on the spot. Thank you.”
Zi Luo smiled faintly in a pleasing manner. Her lips were soft and red and she had a pair of attractive, glittering eyes. Her long legs were partly hidden and partly visible in her cheongsam. She definitely could be considered as an unparalleled beauty.
As soon as Zi Luo appeared, most of the people on the scene calmed down, but there were still quite a lot of people wanting to find out Jiang Chen’s background.
Li Yanchao’s words obviously had provoked many people’s suspicion. However, facts spoke louder than words. If Jiang Chen really had the wealth, Li Yanchao could not do anything to stop him.
That was why Lang Ya was not the one who enticed the crowd but ordered Li Yanchao instead. Although Li Yanchao knew that he was tricked, he had no choice as well. Both of them were the genius disciples of the Divine Pill Sect, but they had very different ranking and status in the sect. Li Yanchao was more inferior than Lang Ya in this sense.
“Alright. Alright. Then I will fulfill your request, is that okay? I am going to show you fairness and justice.”
Jiang Chen said and smiled. In a flash, he jumped onto the stage and smiled. Zi Luo looked at Jiang Chen delightfully as well because he was her special customer. Zi Luo actually believed Jiang Chen because he had that piece of Divine Tool. She had been seeing many people selling Divine Tools but none of them sold something so precious as easy as Jiang Chen who acted like selling a broom instead of a Divine Tool.
At that moment, Zi Luo had known that this young man was not a simple man.
“Let me tell you guys. Indeed, I dont have the Divine Origin Stones to pay.”
Jianng Chen opened out his hands. Silence swept across the scene following Jiang Chen’s words. At the moment, Zi Luo squinted her eyes and looked at him in silence without taking any action.
Lang Ya’s eyes carried some kind of excitement because as long as Jiang Chen gave up the auction, he would be the winner.
The people around who were looking for the show started being impatient and unhappy about this. No money? No Divine Origin Stones? Were you kidding us?
“However…” Jiang Chen added.
“I can take out two pieces of Divine Tools for the auction. Because the nine thousand three hundred high-grade Divine Origin Stones from the auction was mine.”
Wow!
Everyone was stunned on the spot. Was he actually the seller of that Divine Too? Now he was going to take out another two pieces? Bro, were you operating a Divine Tool store? Since when did Divine Tools become so unworthy?
Let alone the audience,  Zi Luo was also dumbstruck. Two more pieces of Divine Tools? Are you kidding?
While Zi Luo and the public was still in a state of great shock and exclamation, Jiang Chen immediately took out two pieces of Divine Tool
“Scarlet Light Sword and Nine-Segmented Whip. Take them.”
Jiang Chen gave them to Zi Luo and said. Zi Luo was stunned for another moment as if the time had stopped passing.
Jiang Chen slapped Zi Luo’s curvy butt lightly, making her shiver for a while and blushed. At the moment, she only realised that she had been entranced.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2291 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2292


You Horny Lady-killer
Zi Luo gave Jiang Chen a hateful glance but her eyes were still filled with a flirty glow.
Zi Luo then took the two Divine Tools and said, “You horny lady-killer.”
The Nine-Segmented Whip was sold at 12,500 Divine Origin Stones and the Scarlet Light Sword was sold at 13,000 Divine Origin Stones. At the end, Jiang Chen managed to earn 34,800 Divine Origin Stones!
At this moment, the entire scene was boiling but without anyone saying something.
In a blink of an eye, he had sold three pieces of Divine Tools and he still looked very relaxed and calm. Under the heavens, perhaps even Divine King experts did not have such an imposing demeanor like Jiang Chen.
Jiang Chen’s action had really startled and impressed everyone on the spot. His name had also become popular in the entire Gathering Destiny Square. This was his strength and his overbearing charisma.
At the moment, no one knew where Li Yanchao was because he was too ashamed to stay.
Meanwhile, Lang Ya was disappointed because his final trick unexpectedly failed and became a trap to themselves instead. Luckily, the clown who jumped into the trap was not him but Li Yanchao. However, Lang Ya still felt that he was the one who lost all of his dignity in front of Jiang Chen. This had really irritated him.
Eventually, Lang Ya and Jiang Chengzi also left with rage.
“These are the Divine Origin Stones I got from selling the three pieces of Divine Tools, including the Divine Origin Stones I have to pay you. I will give Miss Zi Luo the remaining Divine Origin Stones as a gift for our first encounter.”
The corner of Jiang Chen’s mouth was overflowing with a profound smile and Zi Luo was stunned again. The remaining Divine Origin Stones, from the total amount of sales of the three pieces of Divine Tools subtracted by the 20, 500 Divine Origin Stones he spent, would be given to her as a gift. How extraordinary was this gift?
Jiang Chen took up Zi Luo’s elegant and smooth hands and left a kiss on her hand.
“I wish that you would stay pretty and gentle forever. ”
Everyone exclaimed and shouted at Jiang Chen’s action. Zi Luo’s mouth was overflowing with a faint smile. 9,000 High-grade Divine Origin Stones! They were all for her. This gift could already be a price to get a piece of Divine Tool. Countless ladies now wished to fall into Jiang Chen’s embrace immediately.
“Thank you.” Zi Luo said softly while her voice sounded like murmuring in a dream.
Jiang Chen’s kiss on her hand made her feel very proud and the gift of almost ten thousand High-grade Divine Origin Stones would also be a topic among the public in the Ancient Dragon City.
“Motherf*cker. If I were that rich, I could be like him as well. Look at those women. They are all looking at Jiang Chen as if they were hungry wolves craving for food,” Bai Yunfei said out of jealousy.
Jiang Chen enjoyed the attention and their applause very much. Today he had become the focal point in the entire action.
At the end, Zi Luo also carried a smiley face in the mortgage hall as she had earned nine thousand Divine Origin Stones today! How Jiang Chen splurged had opened everyone’s eyes.
“This is your Immortal Pill Formula, Ten Thousand Years Blood Spirit Mushroom and Human-faced Demon Ginseng. Keep them well.”
Zi Luo smiled gently.
“Thank you.”
“I am the one supposed to say thank you. The unexpected sum you gave has really made me get butterflies in my stomach.”
Zi Luo pulled her hair gently, which made her look extremely elegant and charming.
“Sister, you must be kidding me. You’re so beautiful, the one who has butterflies in the stomach should be me,” Jiang Chen replied seriously.
Zi Luo then glanced at Jiang Chen and asked with worry, “Are you going to the Hidden Secret Realm”
“Exactly.”
“Hidden Secret Realm is a place full of danger. Experts can’t go in and the weaker ones can’t come out. However, those who are able to come out are all talented cultivators with great fortune and determination. Your strength is still a bit…..”
“A bit weak, right? Hahaha. No worries, I am always very lucky.”
Jiang Chen did not worry at all.
Zi Luo shook her head and smiled faintly. Then she took out a black shield the size of a palm.
“I never want to owe others something. This is the Universe Shield given by a Formation Master. In a crisis, it will trigger the formation and help you to resist a strike of Heavenly God experts. I’m going to give it to you.”
Jiang Chen was stunned after Zi Luo had already put the shield into his hand.
“Sister Zi Luo, thank you very much.”
As soon as Jiang Chen expressed his gratitude, he turned his body around and left the place. The Universe Shield seems quite practical as it could resist a strike from a Heavenly God expert.
When Zi Luo looked at Jiang Chen’s back, she heaved a sigh as she did not know if this overbearing brother could survive through the dangers in the Hidden Secret Realm. One should know that not many people came out alive and his strength was only at Late Void God Realm.
Zi Luo’s gaze of melancholy was realised by Hao Dabing. He then grinned and asked: “Miss, have you fallen for him?”
“Don’t say nonsense, I just don’t want to owe him something.”
Zi Luo replied seriously.
“Oh. I see. The Universe Shield is valuable and it was given by Master Ling Luo for you to protect yourself,” He Dabing said while laughing, and then left the place without waiting for her response
“Sigh. It’s okay. Everything will be over. But he’s really an interesting boy.”
Zi Luo could not help smiling. Now when she recalled back the scene just now, she still blushed and felt nervous.
In the inn where Divine Pill Sect stayed.
Jiang Chengzi and Lang Ya’s face looked terrible. They never expected that they would be defeated by a disciple of Profound Feng Sect. The Profound Feng Sect was such a low-grade sect that even Lang Ya did not have the desire to know about it.
“Nevermind, let the formula, Ten Thousand Years Blood Spirit Mushroom and Human-faced Demon Ginseng be with him for a few days first,” Jiang Chengzi said faintly.
Lang Ya added with a deep voice, “After we enter the Hidden Secret Realm, I am going to kill him by myself.”
“His strength is really weak. Killing him and stealing his treasure is what we, the Divine Pill Sect, is gonna do.”
Li Yanchao sneered.
“Don’t underestimate our enemy. Although the Profound Feng Sect is nothing, it is a bit difficult to overcome the alliance of the Heaven, Earthly, Profound and Yellow Sects. The lady in the Heavenly Star Sect looks very formidable. Be careful,” reminded Jiang Chengzi.
Lang Ya smiled and said, “I know about that. There were only a few people whom I admire in the entire Linhe Boundary. Hope that she can give me some surprise.”
“I am going to kill that little guy easily.”
“I hope so. This time, I want as many of you guys as possible to come out from the Hidden Secret Realm. Can you hear me? Lang Ya,” Jiang Chengzi said to which Lang Ya nodded.
What mattered more to Lang Ya was actually Jiang Chen. Jiang Chen was the guy who humiliated him in the public. He was going to kill him as soon as possible!
“Since he was so happy today, we are going to let him know about the strong man’s world and how it feels being stepped under Divine Pill Sect’s feet. The weak man only deserves to be an ant that is killed by others.”
Lang Ya held his fist lightly while his eyes were filled with killing intent!
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2292 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2293


Twisted Jungle
The next morning, the entire eastern part of Ancient Dragon City was flooded with people. Hundreds and thousands of people were going to enter the Hidden Secret Realm. This was not a secret matter because the chance of entering the Hidden Secret Realm only happens once every hundred years. However, the place had been monopolised by those sects that had a long tradition.
If one wanted to enter the place, one had to join a sect and one must be below the Heavenly God Realm. That was why not everyone was able to enter the Hidden Secret Realm.
This year was destined to be the livisest year in the Ancient Dragon City. There would be countless treasures, Divine Tools, ancient inheritances in Hidden Hidden Secret Realm. All of these made everyone feel very excited and they were the reason why many people would wait here for their sect disciples to come out from the Hidden Secret Realm. The people who would be waiting here could take out any precious items or Divine Origin Stones to exchange for any treasures taken out by the disciples who came out from the Hidden Secret Realm.
The disciples of Clear River Sect, Ghost Eye Sect, and Divine Pill Sect took the initiative and ran quickly to the Twisted Jungle at the outskirts of the eastern part of the city.
The Twisted Jungle had existed even before the formation of the Hidden Secret Realm. Instead of saying that the Hidden Secret Realm was connected to the Twisted Jungle, it’s better to say that the Twisted Jungle accomplished the Hidden Secret Realm.
The Twisted Jungle was around hundred thousand miles square feet and it was also called Hundred Thousand Mountains. Although the jungle was not huge, only very few experts were courageous enough to enter it. As the name suggested, the space and time in the Twisted Jungle were all twisted. In the past, there had been Divine King experts accidently entering the jungle and dying inside. Since then, no one dared to enter the deeper part of the jungle.
There were no monsters or beasts in the Twisted Jungle because none of the monsters could survive in such condition. Ever since a long long time ago, the Twisted Jungle has existed and no one was able to see any living beings surviving inside.
Luckily, the Hidden Secret Realm was located three thousand miles further from the Twisted Jungle. Otherwise, not to mention True Gods, even Heavenly God experts might not be able to come out alive from the Hidden Secret Realm or the Twisted Jungle.
Moreover, it was impossible to fly in the sky in the Twisted Jungle as its space and time was in complete disorder. This place was one of the most mystical places in the entire Ancient Dragon City. Due to the disorder of space and time, people who flew inside might be absorbed into the turbulence of space and get killed.
Xuan Qingming brought Jiang Chen and the others to the outer area of the Twisted Jungle where the Hidden Secret Realm was located. However, the distance was very long and even if they were quick, it still took them two days to reach their destination.
“What a good Profound Feng Sect. Who is Jiang Chen?”
Someone shouted coldly and appeared in front of Xuan Qingming and others. Jiang Chen was stunned for a while as well. Who have I offended?
“Taiji Zi, what do you mean?”
Xuan Qingming squinted his eyes and only then did he realise that the person who was blocking them was the Great Elder of Taichi Sect, Taiji Zi.
Taiji Zi pointed at the people behind Xuan Qingming and said coldly, “What do I mean? Humph. You should ask your disciples. My disciple was killed not long ago. And my disciples’ brother can sense that the person who killed him is in your Profound Feng Sect. I am sure that he is Jiang Chen.”
A green long-haired young man who looked pale and thin was standing behind Taiji Zi. He was filled with pride and ruthlessness while looking around the people behind Xuan Qingming. Eventually, his gaze stopped at Jiang Chen.
“He’s the one.”
The green-haired young man said coldly while staring at Jiang Chen sharply.
Jiang Cheng shivered in his heart and heaved a sigh as he knew that someone had betrayed him. He should have never shown mercy and killed everyone on that day. If that was the case, what was happening now would not have happened. Unfortunately, it was too late to say this.
“My disciple, Helian Wushuang, was killed by Jiang Chen. You ask him if this is true!”
Taiji Zi shouted loudly and his manner was overbearing, however, Xuan Qingming did not dare to take any step backwards and he even took a step forward fiercely.
“How daring are you to shout at my disciples? If Zhang Zhenren of your Taichi Sect is here, I might still give him face. But who are you?”
Xuan Qingming did not retreat and faced Taiji Zi. It was a confrontation between two experts and this made many people astounded. This scene had attracted the attention of many passersby.
“You mean that you will not hand over Jiang Chen?” said Taiji Zi.
“Your disciples deserved death. Whether this was done by my disciple or not, I am not going to call him out today. If you want to find trouble here, I, Xuan Qingming, am going to deal with you until the end.”
Xuan Qingming and Taiji Zi were looking at each other’s eyes meanwhile Jiang Chen wanted to step out but was stopped by Pan Hong.
“Let the Lord make the decision. Be calm.”
Pan Hong was very concerned about Jiang Cheng because he was someone who could concoct the Heavenly Fire Great Rejuvenating Pill. He would like to maintain a good relationship with a Supreme Grade Alchemist like him. Even if Xuan Qingming did not say anything, he would still protect Jiang Chen with everything he got.
Jiang Chen nodded. At the moment, Xuan Qingming and Taiji Zi were both unwilling to take a step back.
“Haha. It’s so lively here. Taiji Zi, you haven’t died yet. Do you still want to take action against Profound Feng Sect? I, Old Ancestor Di Long, won’t just sit here and watch the show.”
Old Ancestor Di Long arrived right on time. He laughed loudly and his demeanor was terrifying. Obviously, he was more formidable than Taiji Zi. Taiji Zi took a step back based on the situation but his face was still gloomy.
“Since when did your Earthly Hades Sect teamed up with the Profound Feng Sect?” said Taiji Zi while gritting his teeth.
The Earthly Hades Sect was not a sect that his sect could withstand. Old Ancestor Di Long was more powerful than him. Now Xuan Qingming was also here. He realized that he was not going to have a chance to take action against Jiang Chen today. Moreover, Ren Yuanzi of Heavenly Star Sect and Mu Tianen of Yellow Flame Sect were also here. They showed an attitude that indicated they were all in the same team and they were gonna fight him together if he took any action against Jiang Chen. Hence, he had no other choice but to retreat. Moreover, he did not want to offend the four of them together.
“I don’t like what you said just now. If you want to take action against Profound Feng Sect, do you think I will ignore this? We are brother sects. If you want to take action against Jiang Chen, you have to go through me first.”
“Humph. Throwing your weight around.”
Taiji Zi snorted.
“So what? How daring are you to bully a young disciple? Shameless,” retorted Mu Tianen coldly.
“Alright. Alright. I am just unlucky today. But you guys must protect your kid well in the Hidden Secret Realm. Don’t let our people catch him. Otherwise, he might die tragically,” Taiji Zi said and smiled ruthlessly.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2293 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2294


Realm Guardian
“Jiang Chen, you killed my brother. You better hope that I do not run into you in the Secret Hidden Realm.” The green-haired youth said indifferently.
He was the older brother of Helian Wushuang, the number one prodigy of Taichi Sect, Helian Wuji.
“Enemies always meet each other. If we really bump into each other, I don’t mind sending you off to your brother for a family reunion.” Jiang Chen replied in a serious tone.
Xuan Qingming was startled. It really is him. This fella is a real trouble maker.
“Finally admitted it, eh?” Taiji Zi said in disdain.
“I have never denied it. You’re the only one talking to yourself. Taiji Sect, I will make sure that you guys will be void of heirs.”
Jiang Chen made a ruthless proclamation, making a number of people look at him with a weird expression. The past well mannered and calm Jiang Chen suddenly became extremely cold, it was truly inconceivable.
“You better hope so.” Helian Wuji said and left.
Taiji Zi harrumphed and did not speak further with Xuan Qingming and the others. Since the other party has the advantage in numbers, it’ll be futile if he pesters any longer.
“Can you do it? Wuji.” Taiji Zi asked.
“Just like taking sweets from a child. He’s just trash.” Helian Wuji said indifferently.
After all, he was extremely powerful to the point that he was even regarded as Taiji Sect’s once in a hundred years prodigy. Moreover, he was deemed to have the highest chance to reach the level of the First Ancestor of Taiji Sect.
“Helian Wuji. I’ve heard of him. Rumour has it that he’s on the same level as the Divine Pill Sect’s Lang Ya and our Heavenly Star Sect’s Ling Long. His image in Taiji Sect was said to have the image of their First Ancestor.” Ren Yuanzi said.
“Yes. You little fellow is one absolute troublemaker. You have already made enemies with various prodigies of some great sects. Looks like your days in the Hidden Secret Realm will not be a peaceful one. Hahaha.” Old Ancestor Di Long patted Jiang Chen’s shoulder and said in a serious tone.
They will not forget the graciousness of the medicinal pills. Moreover, Jiang Chen’s skill in alchemy was something they looked highly upon.
“It doesn’t matter. Two or three enemies, it’s just the same. They’re against me because I am too handsome.” Jiang Chen’s words made Old Ancestor Di Long laugh.
“You little fella… You should know that once you’ve entered the Hidden Secret Realm, 90% of you will die and the only wish you have is to survive.” Ren Yuanzi sighed and shook his head.
Jiang Chen was too arrogant and wild. In his opinion, people like him will not go far. Yet, Jiang Chen’s calmness gave him another thought. This fellow is always quiet but when he moves, he’s like a rabbit.
“Yes. The words and teaching of the two seniors are valuable. Jiang Chen, as a disciple of Profound Feng Sect, I hope you’ll remember it. No matter where you are, behind you will have a sect that will never abandon you even though it’s not too strong.”
Honestly, Jiang Chen’s sense of belonging towards the Profound Feng Sect was not strong because he had gone through a lot in his previous two reincarnations. But because of Xuan Qingming’s words, he understood one thing. Perhaps Xuan Qingming may not be an all-powerful and great Sect Lord, but he’s a man with sentiment. Jiang Chen finds it valuable. In this world, too many people talk about dreams and responsibilities, but it was rare for a person to take one step at a time. Yet, Xuan Qingming was a person of such qualities.
At least, from this moment onwards, he found a sense of belonging towards the Profound Feng Sect.
Two days later, almost everyone reached the outer area of the Twisted Jungle. Jiang Chen felt a giant distortion, just like what Ren Yuanzi and the others had said. This jungle was able to distort time and space. Nobody dared to act recklessly here because one would be injured by this distorted space. Even though the outer area of the jungle would not suck a person into the space-time turbulence, nobody still dared to be careless.
Nevertheless, Jiang Chen was unfazed, and thought: Could it be? Because of my Great Void Technique?
Jiang Chen had no idea. But at least in this jungle, he was unaffected by it. At the moment, everyone looked extremely serious while he was calm and unfazed.
“The entrance towards the Hidden Secret Realm is just ahead of us.” Ren Yuanzi said.
Jiang Chen looked forward and saw a giant illusory realm that appeared on the lower half of the mountain. Thousands of people were waiting to enter the realm.
*Bang…*
An ear-splitting bang was heard and the four big stones in front of the Hidden Secret Realm suddenly exploded.
“What is that?!” Somebody shouted in surprise.
Jiang Chen’s eyes concentrated and said, “There’s somebody in that stone?”
“Yes. They are the four guardians of the Secret Hidden Realm. All of them are at Half-Step Divine Kings. Nobody here is their match,” Xuan Qingming answered.
“The guardians change every five hundred years. These Realm Guardians are the Supreme Elders of the powerful sects in the Linhe Boundary, their strengths are immeasurable. They were tasked to protect the Hidden Secret Realm.” Old Ancestor Di Long explained further.
A long-bearded old man took a step forward and clasped his fist, and said, “Clear Stream Sect’s Great Elder Meng Fanpeng leads the various sects of the Linhe Boundary to enter the Hidden Secret Realm. I hope Elder Jing approves.”
“Elder Meng’s strength is immeasurable, he’s at least at the peak of Late Heavenly God Realm.” Ren Yuanzi said, a hint of envy could be seen in his eyes.
“Pity… Elder Meng’s time is almost up. If he doesn’t break through and reach the Half-Step Divine King Realm and increase his lifespan. He’ll die soon.” Xuan Qingming sighed.
“Top ten sects, come forward and show me the sect pass.”
At this moment, the leading Realm Guardian said indifferently with both of his eyes slightly opened.
“Clear Stream Sect, Meng Fanpeng!”
“Ghost Eye Sect, Li Tianhuo!”
“Divine Pill Sect, Jiang Chengzi!”
“Overlord Sect, Liu Yang!”
“Heavenly Star Sect, Ren Yuanzi!”
“……”
When the ten great sects showed their respective sect pass, the four Realm Guardians looked at each other and slightly nodded. In an instant, a great path appeared in the sky.
“The entrance of the Hidden Secret Realm will be opened for three days and will stay shut for a year. It will then be opened a year later and will stay open for three days. If one failed to go out, he’ll be stuck in the Hidden Secret Realm for the next hundred years.” The Realm Guardian said.
“This disciple remembers. Everyone here is well prepared to enter the Hidden Secret Realm.” Meng Fangpeng shouted as thousands of people swiftly entered the Hidden Secret Realm.
“I’ve waited so long for this day.” Yang Jian’s eyes were burning as he took a step forward and entered without regret.
“Yeah. Perhaps this is fate. To think Man Shuai could have this day for him. I shall not betray the heavens expectation on me.” Man Shuai too entered.
“Jiang Chen, I still think that I have a chance to defeat you.” Wang Chongyang said indifferently.
“When we’re all out from there, I want to fight you for three days and three nights. ”
“That’s because you still have a wrong impression, that’s all. ” Jiang Chen smiled.
Wang Chongyang shrugged and was not angered. He was bound to challenge Jiang Chen again in the future.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2294 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2295


Danger Approaches
Finally, in less than an hour, everyone had entered the Hidden Secret Realm.
Ren Yuanzi sighed a little.
“I wonder how many people will be able to come out this time.”
“I hope Jiang Chen does not disappoint me. Still, his cultivation is just too weak. Moreover, he has so many enemies that are aiming for his life from all sides. I am worried,” said Xuan Qingming worriedly.
“Aren’t you getting sentimental. Haha, relax. I think that lad is exceptional. He probably has some cards under his sleeves. ” Old Ancestor Di Long said.
“Who knows when we could see them next time, maybe, we may not even see them forever.” Mu Tianen was slightly worried, compared to the optimistic Old Ancestor Di Long.
After all, the strongest one, Jiang Hao, was only at Mid Void God Realm. Compared to the experts of those giant sects, he’s still lacking by a mile. This Hidden Secret Realm ‘produced’ countless great experts, but some stay in there, forever.
It’s a furnace, a cauldron, that melts everyone and only the best of the best that’s able to withstand the hardships could come out, only those peerless prodigies.
“From the moment they enter the place, their lives are not theirs anymore.” Ren Yuanzi looked at the horizon and smiled.
One year later, it’ll be their time to soar towards the supreme heavens like a dragon.
Jiang Chen’s group entered the realm with extreme caution. Grey-ish light covered the skies, it was somewhat dark and gloomy, but they could clearly see their surroundings.
The flora was different from the outside. There were long and tall, ancient trees at the height of several hundred metres but everything felt like it was covered by dust.
Looking afar, one could see deserts, mountains, and jungles.
“I heard that the flora and demonic beasts here are dangerous. Be extra cautious.” Pan Hong reminded the others.
Liu Quanchao’s expression was solemn and said to his teammates, “Let’s separate here. This is my summoning spiritual talisman.” Liu Quanchao passed the talisman to Jiang Chen.
Jiang Chen clasped his fist and replied, “Alright. Thank you, Senior Liu.”
“Look out for yourself.” Ling Long looked at Jiang Chen and said indifferently.
“Let’s depart too. Junior Jiang Chen, I shall take my leave. This talisman is for you.” Zhang Lei smiled.
“I’ll surely be there when there’s any request.” Jiang Hao gave a talisman to Jiang Chen too.
The people of the Heavenly Star Sect, Earthly Hades Sect, and Yellow Flame Sect left, leaving Jiang Chen, Pan Hong and the others.
A while later, an inner sect disciple said, “Looking at the surroundings, this place doesn’t look all that dangerous… ”
*Howl…*
At this moment, before he could finish his sentence, a giant beast came from behind him and gnawed his head off which blood splatter everywhere. Everyone jumped back and saw a ten zhang tall three-eyed beast with the shape of a leopard and with a hide as sturdy as a rock, was chewing down on the inner sect disciple that was still speaking just seconds ago.
Everyone gasped. Facing such a giant three-eyed beast, their hearts slightly faltered. Terrifying, such a powerful beast… it instantly killed a Half-Step True God … A chill went down all their spin as the big fella gave off a strong vibe that scared them off.
“This fella’s cultivation is at the Mid True God Realm, it’s extremely fast and it’s not an oaf. That sneak attack was obviously planned!” Pan Hong shouted.
“Prepare to attack and kill this beast!”
Jiang Chen and the others dared not to dawdle since the beast was extremely big and sturdy.
“This f*cking beast killed our brother, we must slay it.” Man Shuai’s eyes shone as he rushed forward with his Green Dragon Crescent Blade (Frost Fair Blade) and dealt a powerful slash. Yet it was ineffective as it landed on the beast’s hide. The beast roared and poured its anger towards the group. It was also excited because it could eat more humans, the one that he ate before was extremely delicious.
“Careful, Man Shuai!” Jiang Chen shouted.
Man Shuai felt his ear ringing as he suffered the beast’s roar up close. His expression became pale as he coughed out blood, he then quickly flew backwards and stabbed his blade into the ground to steady his stance.
Nobody anticipated a fierce attack right after they entered the realm and one casualty before their first clash too. Plus, Man Shuai was forced to retreat, which was shocking.
“Five Elements Battle Dragon Seal!”
Jiang Chen quickly moved up with Wang Chongyang and Bai Yunfei supporting him.
“Great Shattering Palm!” Pan Hong unleashed a palm strike.
An attack coming from a Mid True God expert had finally made the three-eyed giant beast to be slightly scared. It then tried to back off and was caught by Yang Jian and the others. It was trapped by a powerful attack from all sides.
The twelve of them simultaneously attacked the beast. At this moment, they were a unit, a united unit. After all, once a person falls, the others will fall too. They will have to stay in this realm for a year. They do not know what kind of danger they may face in these 365 days.
Unfortunately, one of them already died the moment they entered the place. They felt pressured, but they could not show it now, because the danger in front of them was still active.
Pan Hong’s palm strike was the strongest. The beast roared as the attack landed on its skull. It gave a big sweep and forced all of them to back off, leaving only Pan Hong and Yang Jian able to move forward and struck the beast with their blades, but to no avail.
The beast suffered zero injuries from all their attacks as if they were giving the beast a good tickle.
“Sh*t. Retreat. That fella is getting mad!” Jiang Chen shouted and quickly retreated.
But the beast was thoroughly angered by Pan Hong’s palm strike and then pounced towards Pan Hong with its giant body. Its terrifying figure was closing in on him, covering the sun as it inches in towards its target.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2295 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2296


Not abandoning, not giving up
“Scram!” Yang Jian was the first to push forward.
At this moment, his Shredding Heavenly Eye unleashed a great energy, shooting out a ray of piercing energy towards the left paw of the three-eyed beast. The beast once again let out a furious roar as it pounced towards their group.
“Many thanks.” Pan Yong said and looked at Yang Jian.
Luckily, Yang Jian arrived at the right moment and forced the beast back.
Yang Jian nodded but dared not to dawdle even if his Shredding Heavenly Eyes was effective towards the beast.
“Oh no. This fella is going to use its third eye,” Jiang Chen said.
Yang Jian and the beast’s third eye clashed against one another. The beast’s third eye was extremely terrifying too, immediately pushing Yang Jian back.
Pan Hong used this chance to attack with his blade, slashing through the void and managed to cut the beast’s back.
“Here it is!”
Jiang Chen’s lips curved and launched his Three Thousand Flames Dragon Seal and landed on one of the beast’s injuries, causing it to burst into flames. The skill gave the beast a great wound and intense pain, causing it to go berserk while staggering backwards. The others quickly took this chance to fly up to the sky and bombarded the beast with their attacks.
“Its two other eyes should be his weakness. Attack its eyes.” Jiang Chen wielded his sword and jumped forward.
At this moment, his sharp and powerful blade was extremely effective because the beast did not expect his blade to render its defences useless with just a single strike. With Pan Hong and Yang Jian leading the attack, their strikes were hitting its mark and they felt less pressured, unlike before.
Jiang Chen launched three consecutive attacks. The sharp Heavenly Dragon Sword easily cut through the beast’s defences. With the beast getting injured by the sword, it did not have the energy left to defend against the group’s attack.
The beast could feel that it’s falling into a disadvantageous position and started to search for Jiang Chen, yet the latter evaded at a fast speed. Nobody knew where he would appear next.
Jiang Chen’s Heavenly Dragon Sword and Great Void Technique had made a great contribution in this battle. The Great Void Technique managed to anger the beast, whereby it could not pinpoint Jiang Chen’s location. Pan Hong and Yang Jiang were shocked by this technique too and they realized that only those that were few cultivation realms above Jiang Chen could threaten his life.
Jiang Chen knew that not even Heavenly God experts could catch him. Because his Great Void Technique could easily move through the void and space. It would be impossible to catch him.
Jiang Chen waved his unstoppable sword, unleashing fierce and powerful strikes upon the beast from its blind spots. However, he did not attack its weak spot, he gave that chance to Bai Yunfei and the others.
Yang Jian and Pan Hong unleashed their full strength upon the injured beast. Both of them did not want to lose against the others. Even though Yang Jian was weaker than Pan Hong, his skill was extremely effective against the beast, as it managed to force the beast backwards. Even though it was just an instant, it managed to buy time for the others to attack.
Jiang Chen’s lips curled into a smile after attacking more than thirty times more without remorse, giving the beast a body full of cuts. The beast was enraged yet it could not catch Jiang Chen as the pesky human continuously cut upon its body. It was utter humiliation.
At this moment, the beast wanted to run away as it found out that it could not win against these humans. The beast knew that it underestimated these pesky humans too much. Unfortunately, as the beast’s body was now covered with cuts and wounds, it would be extremely hard for it to run away now.
Why would they allow the beast a chance to run away? Jiang Chen stood silently and gave the beast an extreme mental pressure. Then, the beast was severely injured by the group led by Pan Hong and Yang Jian.
“Die!” Pan Hong roared furiously, unleashing the deepest rage within him as he stabbed into the beast’s third eye.
The beast staggered backwards and slowly fell down as it roared in despair, slowly moving towards the embrace of the Lady of Death.
Pan Hong and the others gasped for air after the battle of life-and-death ended. They’re all currently filled with sweat.
“Finally finished off that three-eyed beast. F*ck. This is tiring.” Man Shuai said while clenching his teeth and gasping for air.
Nevertheless, it was still a victory. But no one was happy because one of their brothers was killed from the beast’s sneak attack. It was a humiliating loss and a sad event.
Unfortunately, it was an unchangeable fact, as one’s life is decided by the heavens. It was one of the lessons that must be learned in this place.
Only by getting used to life and death could one truly become a true expert. It’s not that one should become heartless, but to know how to hide their feelings deep within themselves. Especially at this moment, their greatest regret was probably not being able to save their brother. But what’s dead stays dead. Nobody could change this fact.
What they needed to do now was to think of how to get out of this mentality and situation, getting away from this dangerous situation. Their later days would be filled with more life-and-death situations and it may become their last.
“Let’s think of every day as our last day. That will be the best for us,” Jiang Chen said with a smile.
He was quite optimistic. In this world, he may be the youngest, but his mind was the best in the three worlds.
“Jiang Chen’s right. Let’s treat every day as our last, that is our only choice. Now we move as a unit, not giving up and not abandoning one another.” Yang Jian said.
“Jiang Chen had contributed the most in this battle. we may not be able to get out of that sticky situation without his divine sword breaking the beast’s defences.” Pan Hong complimented Jiang Chen.
“Jiang Chen, your Heavenly Dragon Sword, is it……” Man Shuai asked curiously. He felt that the sword was somewhat indestructible, pretty scary.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2296 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2297


Avici
“A peak Divine Tool. Just another step to reach the Heavenly Divine Tool grade.” Jiang Chen said with a smile.
Are you joking? Only God knows what would happen if you guys knew that this is a primal origin treasure. You’ll be envious to death and think about me every single day.
“Great. Fantastic. I had wondered why you regarded those Divine Tools in that manner.” Wang Chongyang said and did not ask another word about Jiang Chen’s background.
Because this was a person’s secret. Jiang Chen had given them respect by telling them the truth about the sword. They are not fools, some words are not meant to be spoken.
“Look. The beast’s body melted. Why?” Somebody shouted in surprise.
A triangular crystal emerged from the yellow sand of the melted beast corpse.
“This must be the beast’s crystal. It should be a great item. The divine origin energy within the crystal is thick. The same energy that could be found from a demonic crystal of a demonic beast,” Jiang Chen said.
Yang Jian looked at the crystal with a hint of envy.
“This crystal is yours, Yang Jian. This beast had an ability similar to your Shredding Heavenly Eye.”
No one objected to Pan Hong’s suggestion because Yang Jian definitely made a great contribution in this battle. Plus, the three-eyed beast was similar to Yang Jian’s Shredding Heavenly Eye. Yang Jian will surely use it more effectively if the crystal was given to him.
The twelve-man squad finally continued their journey. They were now extremely careful as they were led by Man Shuai and Yang Jian. The two of them would check their path beforehand and would only move forward when it’s safe.
The group was currently in a place where the desert and forest are connected. Hence, they were suddenly surrounded by giant ancient trees that are a few hundred metres tall, as tall as a mountain with sharp beastly roars coming from within the forest. It’s a place where no one would dare stay a second longer as it was scary.
Along the way, they found several corpses lying on the ground. Several people have fallen in less than 24 hours… How many more would fall after 365 days? Nobody knew… Looks like the rumours of the 10% survival rate was not a joke.
“Look. It looks like someone is coming towards us.” Wang Chongyang spotted something.
Seven or eight people were running towards their group from afar.
At this moment, Jiang Chen and the others felt shocked, because the ground under them started to tremble.
“Crap. Those people are running from something. Run. I bet the things behind them must be some terrifying stuff.” Pan Hong stood in front of the group and said, and then ordered them to run away.
Jiang Chen and the group turned around and found out that when some of those people tumbled down, only white bones were left. It was terrifying. Instantly, their distance between that group was less than 500 metres.
“That… that… that… is an ant wave?” A Profound Feng Sect disciple stuttered.
Because those eight people had all become white skeletons, they did not even have the opportunity to shoot out their SOS mark. Those bunch of people were Late Void Gods and Early True Gods, but at this moment, none of those mattered as they were easily devoured by millions of ants.
“I don’t want to die. I don’t want to die!” Somebody screamed.
At this moment, their rationality snapped. Jiang Chen did not expect that the white ants could instantly devour a person clean. It was instant.
“What are we going to do?” Bai Yunfei said, a bit stunned.
He had now placed all his hopes on Jiang Chen. In his eyes, Jiang Chen was on-par or even stronger than Yang Jian and Pan Hong. After all, even Helian Wushuang, a prodigy of the Taichi Sect, was killed by Jiang Chen.
“It’s too late to run now. Let’s fly.”
Three inner sect disciples flew towards the sky.
“Sto—p!”
Jiang Chen was just in the middle of speaking but the three were already devoured by those flying ants and their skeletons dropped from the sky. It was a horrifying sight. Those three that were still speaking a minute ago had become a pile of white skeletons. Countless flying ants had spotted Jiang Chen’s group and started to rush towards them.
“F*ck it.” Jiang Chen roared furiously.
With the Qilin Saint Fire, he drew a circle and created a flame barrier. When the countless ants and flying ants rushed towards them, the ants got charred from the flame. Each of their palms become sweaty just by watching those terrifying numbers of ants rushing towards them. If Jiang Chen was a millisecond late, they would’ve ended up like their three brothers, a pile of skeletons waiting to nourish this land.
Especially Bai Yunfei, his face, arms, and palms were all sweaty. Jiang Chen stood there without revealing any emotion. Yang Jian and Pan Hong looked at Jiang Chen as the latter frowned deeply as if he was thinking of something.
White skeleton and ant wave, these two things came up in their hearts while the smell of charred meat rose up into their surroundings. Millions of ants died under Jiang Chen’s Qilin Saint Fire and more ants started to divert their path, avoiding the flame perimeter set up by Jiang Chen and continued moving forward at extreme speed.
Half an hour later, only God knew how many millions of ants had passed by. The sharp voice was now gone and the place had finally become quiet.
Everyone sat down and looked at the surrounding burnt ants that were piled up with their thumping heart. Jiang Chen had saved them once again but the other three could not witness it. The flying ants were much more terrifying. Otherwise, the other group would have been able to fly away from the ant wave. Those that chose to fly would end up as a pile of white skeletal corpses.
Jiang Chen’s expression became extremely ugly. Another three fell, forever. He wanted all of them to calm down but those three did not choose to believe him and chose to try to do things themselves, and in the end killed themselves.
“Another three.” Pan Hong’s voice felt pressured.
In just a single day, not a full day even, four have died, without a complete body to boot. Such a terrifying place. A man-eating hell. Now they all knew why so little people managed to walk out of the Hidden Secret Realm in the past.
Jiang Chen was no saviour, he just had no other choice. At that moment, that was all that he could do. Only nine remained from the original 13 person group. They did not know what danger they might encounter later.
Jiang Chen now realized that what he thought before going to this place was wrong. He originally thought he could protect his teammates, but now it looked like he would even have trouble protecting himself, this was no Hidden Secret Realm, but an Avici!
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2297 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2298


Chapter 2298
Japan Luo Yin Mountain
“They were too hasty. Haih…” Yang Jian bitterly smiled and sighed.
But what can they do? Not even the gods could stop those ants, billions and millions of ants that could devour anything in their path.
The ant wave left a terrifying impression for the group. A man-eating ant wave. It’s like the autumn wind, it comes and goes without any warning. They couldn’t help but tremble in fear thinking back where they have almost become a pile of skeletons. Fortunately, Jiang Chen managed to save them and get them away from the ant wave.
Undeniably, this had become every person’s eternal nightmare. Their own seniors and brothers became a pile of corpses in less than a second. A living, breathing human instantly became lifeless. Who can accept such a mental beating?
“Everybody. Do not act presumptuously. Otherwise, your life will be decided by fate! Do not become a burden to others.” Pan Hong shouted.
At this moment, as their Big Brother, he had to exert some prestige. Those three wouldn’t have lost their lives if they did not act presumptuously.
“Jiang Chen. This time you saved us once again.”
Unknowingly, even Pan Hong understood that Jiang Chen may not be the strongest amongst them but he had the most ideas. Now, Jiang Chen has become the true pillar of this team.
“Senior Pan, why are you talking about that now. Let’s first find a place to hide and recuperate. I think there’s something major happening in the vicinity.” Jiang Chen shook his head and said in a serious tone.
At this moment, he did not want to look at the three skeletons any longer because they seek their own death and nobody was able to stop them. The ant wave disappeared and they were bound to be casualties from its path, but it was not his concern.
Bai Yunfei, Wang Chongyang and Man Shuai had always been led by Jiang Chen. Now, even Pan Hong was the same. Now, they all knew how great this outer sect junior was.
Yang Jian was the smartest amongst them all. Because he knew that he was not Jiang Chen’s match, hence he chose to follow Jiang Chen. A person’s life was extremely fragile at this moment. Nobody could help them in this cold and dark Hidden Secret Realm, the only luxury they have now was being alive.
The group found a hidden area and rested. Three people were tasked to stay on guard for any sudden danger that may appear.
“Did you guys notice? That ant wave was not aiming for us, they were not looking for food too. They were moving in the opposite direction. There are only two possibilities, they were pursuing something or they were running away from something.” Jiang Chen said.
“Don’t know. But I know that we should stay away from those ants, as far as possible.” Bai Yunfei’s head kept on shaking.
“This fella… What are you afraid of? Since those bunch of ants are afraid of my Qilin Saint Fire, this means that we’re safe. What are you worried about?”
“I’m scared! This is my first time being so terrifyingly scared.” Bai Yunfei shouted as he expelled the worry in his heart.
He even hated himself that he couldn’t be braver. But he did not want to see that terrifying ant wave once more.
“We’ll move forward but only for a short distance, if there’s no danger or any sudden movement. We’ll backtrack and follow the ant wave. Is this what you’re trying to say? Jiang Chen?” Pan Hong said.
“Yes. But I do not want to waste any of our time. We need to think and consider, whether to move forward first or we track them down first.” Jiang Chen nodded.
“We just came from that side, there shouldn’t be any danger over there. But we cannot deny that there’s a high chance that those ants are running away from something.” Wang Chongyang murmured.
“Yes. I think so too. Hence, we’re moving forward and we should be able to meet what we’re trying to meet. Even though it’s dangerous, it’s bound to exist. ” Jiang Chen smiled.
At this moment, only Jiang Chen alone managed to smile.
“You’re nuts. You still want to take a risk even though you know it’s dangerous.” Bai Yunfei rolled his eyes.
However, he knew that he must not leave the group. At this moment, he needed to follow Jiang Chen and the others who were seeking for a much more terrifying thing.
“Something that those ants even fear. We’re truly looking for our own death.” Man Shuai smiled.
Even though it seems like a joke, he still persisted. Since they have entered the Hidden Secret Realm, then they have to put the concept of life-and-death aside, otherwise, how could they walk through this dangerous ground and survive?
“You’re right. We’re going into the nest hive, but if we’re afraid of such things. Then wouldn’t we be considered as cowards? I believe in Jiang Chen.” Pan Hong said seriously.
At this moment, nobody was willing to become a deserter. Bai Yunfei was just setting up the mood, to reduce the tension and stress. Also, nobody mentioned those three guys anymore, however, it does not mean they were not thinking about it. They can only blame themselves, whether they live or die, nothing was certain. They could only improvise for every step they take.
To continue living and to live a vibrant life.
After they’ve set their minds, Jiang Chen stepped over the layers and layers of ant corpses and walked in front of the group just like an ancient, powerful warrior. Yang Jian was the same, as they both looked at each other, none of them were willing to back off.
Pan Hong recognised those people that had fallen.
“These are people from the Raging Fire Sect, Immortal Crane Sect, and one of the top 10 sect, Mad God Temple. To think the people from the top 10 sect died here too.” Pan Hong sighed.
Not even the powerful ones were able to live, but the weaker ones may not die. Sometimes luck played an important role.
The group walked for another 800 li. After three days, they finally saw a barren mountain with withered floras. As if it was a deathly place to be, it was filled with the stench of blood, the flowing water of the mountain was blood-red in colour too. With the sky and environment being dim and gloomy, it caused people to feel much more pressured being there.
Japan Luo Yin Mountain!
Jiang Chen saw these few fading words on that faraway peak. Even though those words were broken and faded, it was still readable.
Bai Yunfei’s pupil constricted and said, “Look, there are signs of battles over there and it’s still fresh.”
A terrifying sword strike that cut a thousand meters down the mountain.
*Roar……*
The clouds on the sky shivered from the roar.
This roar shocked them, as if it could engulf the hearts of men.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2298 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2299


Nine-tailed Fire Fox
“I’m surprised… To think you’re here much earlier than I expected.” Lang Ya sneered as he looked at the giant Fire Fox with nine tails over the horizon. It had flame covering its body, bright red tails, able to control the winds and clouds, and the air surrounding it was exceptionally hot.
“Then…  I’ll leave this Nine-tailed Fire Fox to you.” Lang Ya sneered.
Previously, his henchmen reported to him that Jiang Chen was spotted at the Japan Luo Yin Mountain that was not far away. Once they arrive on the foothills and reach the summit of the mountain, the beast will certainly be angered. Then, he’ll take this chance and run away, whereby the wrath of the beast will be dumped onto Jiang Chen’s group.
“I hope you don’t disappoint me, Jiang Chen,” Lang Ya said indifferently.
He then attacked once more and quickly retreated, going through the piedmonts, attempting to get away from the Nine-tailed Fire Fox.
“We should find it soon.” Jiang Chen’s lips curved.
If his guess was right, the thing that they’re looking for should be around here.
But at this moment, he suddenly had a bad premonition.
“I think this place is not as peaceful as we thought.” Jiang Chen said.
Because his hunch was always right. This Japan Luo Yin Mountain was definitely not as peaceful as it seems.
“Everyone, be careful.” Pan Hong said quietly. He followed Jiang Chen’s suggestion and pressed forward with extreme caution.
The surrounding flora had withered, it’s as if the essence was sucked away. Not a single chirp from the birds could be heard in this vast mountain.
Bai Yunfei shivered. This place is creepy, not a single sound could be heard… Everyone was extra careful while taking each step forward. They feared something might go wrong and cause their comrades to die due to a single  mistake. Death could come and visit their doorstep at any moment.
The soil beneath their feet was completely dried up. Man Shuai and Wang Chongyang looked at each other and put all of their concentration towards their surroundings, after all they did not want to bring down themselves and their own brothers towards the grave.
They can overcome anything if they’re united. Only by connecting their lives together could they throw away their last shred of worry.
*Bang!*
*Bang! Bang!*
*Bang! Bang! Bang!
A series of ramming voices kept closing in on them. Jiang Chen’s expression changed as he looked up and saw a red figure flying through the skies.
Lang Ya’s expression was slightly pale but his lips curved into an evil smile.
“Jiang Chen, I’ve prepared a great gift for you today. Hahaha.” Lang Ya said and flew towards Jiang Chen’s location and got away.
The incoming Nine-tailed Fire Fox was closing in on Jiang Chen’s group. Yang Jian and Pan Hong launched an attack together but was swiftly pushed back by the beast. Both of them were tremendously shocked. The beast was terrifyingly powerful. A simple push from the beast could easily break a thousand-meter high mountain into halves. The force of the beast’s tackle was absolutely terrifying.
“Who is it?! Who took my golden lotus?!!.” The Nine-Tailed Fire Fox said with extreme pressure and sharpness.
It made the group’s mind tremble and they all retreated and regrouped.
“No one’s talking?! Then I’ll just kill you all to be sacrificed for its soul up in the heavens.” The Nine-Tailed Fire Fox
The beast was covered with a raging flame that towered to the skies. Its several dozen Zhang tall body covered the sky and the sun. Everyone looked at the beast and was at a loss of words because they had no idea what the beast was talking about.
Even the hidden Lang Ya slightly frowned. Where is the golden lotus? Even he did not see it too.
“Who are you? Why did you attack us? We have absolutely no idea what this golden lotus is.” Jiang Chen harrumphed while standing proudly as if he was not afraid of the Late True God Nine-tailed Fire Fox.
“Despicable humans, you think I don’t know what you’re thinking about? You guys are here for my golden lotus. Aren’t you guys here to rob, kill and plunder for the sake of treasures? Am I wrong?! Hehe, hilarious, it’s better to not trust the words of humans like you. Hand over the golden lotus, if not, die!” the Nine-Tailed FireFox shouted
The beast did not distinguish what’s right or wrong and rushed forward without giving Jiang Chen any chance to explain themselves.
“B*stard. Lang Ya. You’re dead meat!” Jiang Chen clearly saw who that figure was, it was Lang Ya.
This beast was also lured by Lang Ya. The reason? It was clear. That ambitious bastard did not just steal the golden lotus, he even framed Jiang Chen’s group. But Jiang Chen thought about it for a second and understood why Lang Ya did so. They already had bad blood between them. The opposite party wanted him dead, he too wanted Lang Ya dead, it’s just the same.
“Then, let’s see how you’ll deal with this Nine-tailed Fire Fox first. Hmph.” Lang Yan harrumphed and left.
Even he would most likely die if he were to face the Nine-Tailed FireFox. It’s impossible to kill the beast. Now that he has lured the beast to Jiang Chen, an intense battle would surely erupt because the two of them will not back off.
“A mere Void God trash wants to fight me? Hahaha!” Lang Ya had planned everything well.
If Jiang Chen died, all of his possessions will be Lang Ya’s to collect. But there was a problem, the golden lotus mentioned by the beast was stolen by a black figure before he met the beast. Hence, Lang Ya wanted to pursue that black figure, but as for who that was? Nobody knew.
Nevertheless, Lang Ya will not let this chance go, seeing how the beast was angered, that golden lotus must be an exceptional item. Once he gets his hands on the item, he’ll come back and kill Jiang Chen’s group. Or even benefit from this whole situation as the third party.
“We have never heard of this golden lotus that you spoke of. Demonic beast, you’ve gone mad after your possession is lost. A beast’s intellect can never be compared to a human’s, it’s too low. You’ve been used by others and you’re still oblivious of it. Truly hilarious.” Jiang Chen sneered.
“A puny human like you dares to talk reason with me? You do not have the qualification to do so.”
The Nine-Tailed Fire Fox instantly flew up the sky with his flaming body. At this moment, Jiang Chen was targeted by the beast, the beast easily shot out thousands of fire arrows towards Jiang Chen. Jiang Chen steadied himself and defended against the arrows with his divine blade calmly.
The Nine-Tailed Fire Fox’s eyes became cold. Looks like this little fellow is pretty interesting. Even though he’s cultivation is low, he’s able to defend against a wave of fire arrows. Pretty good. 
In the meanwhile, Yang Jian, Pan Hong and the others were preparing to attack.
The Nine-Tailed FireFox was obviously furious. Now, there is zero chance in making peace. There was only one result and that was to fight until the end. If Jiang Chen were to fall, then no one from their group would be able to walk out with their lives intact.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2299 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2300


Baggage
“A bunch of ants trying to fight a tsunami?” The Nine-tailed Fire Fox harrumphed and waved its nine long tails.
Everyone’s expression changed drastically because the sea of flames was coming straight towards them. Everyone was forced to retreat except for Yang Jian and Pan Hong. The beast was too strong, it really was a Late True God. Their group consisted of only two True God experts and the rest were all Half-Step True Gods. Their overall strength was insufficient, they could not resist that raging hot flame.
“You have the Nine-tailed Heart Fire!” Jiang Chen gasped.
This Nine-tailed Heart Fire was on-par with the Qilin Saint Fire. The Nine-tailed Heart Fire uses the beast’s own lifeforce as fuel to burn. Its living flame could melt everything under the heavens. Such a divine beast was one of a kind.
The Nine-Tailed Fire Fox was a beast that was on par with the Qilin Saint Beast. Nobody knew which era this beast was born, but the beast was said to exist during the immemorial heaven and earth. They’re rare, just like the Qilin.
“You guys back off, leave this to us.” Pan Hong shouted.
At this moment, there was no other choice, the others would only become fodder if they joined. They might as well stand aside and respond to whatever that may come.
“Why don’t you taste some of my flames too.” Jiang Chen shouted as he unleashed the Qilin Saint Fire.
This slightly stunned the beast. To think this fella has such a powerful technique, no wonder he’s this composed. But he’s still too weak.
No matter how proud Jiang Chen was, he does not have the strength to stand in front of the beast so arrogantly because the beast’s Nine-tailed Heart Fire was as strong as his Qilin Saint Fire.
“Three Thousand Flames Dragon Seal!”
Jiang Chen unleashed his flame dragon seal like a tidal wave. Which was stronger than the Qilin Saint Fire.
“This is?” The beast’s pupil constricted.
The Three Thousand Flames Dragon Seal was much more terrifying than the Qilin Saint Fire if unleashed at its full force. Yet, the beast did not want to lose, its heart fire burned everything as its nine tails swept across the battlefield. No matter if it was Yang Jian or Pan Hong, they were pushed back awkwardly.
In the end, the Nine-Tailed FireFox was able to block the Three Thousand Flames Dragon Seal. But the beast was still shocked because the gap between them was supposedly too great. At this moment, the beast moved at an extreme speed and trapped Jiang Chen with its Nine-tailed Heart Fire.
“Jiang Chen!” Bai Yunfei’s gaze became cold and shouted.
However, none of them were able to break through the beast’s defences. At this moment, Jiang Chen was pinned down by the beast. It was out of everyone’s expectation.
“Halt. Bai Yunfei!” Yang Jian stopped Bai Yunfei. But the latter’s eyes were about to pop out.
“Are we going to just watch Jiang Chen getting slaughtered by that beast?” Bai Yunfei shouted at Yang Jian.
He tried to fly once again and this time, together with Man Shuai and Wang Chongyang. Their combined strength was almost equal to Pan Shuai’s strength. Unfortunately, they still could not move the beast. Instead, they were swept away by a swipe of the beast’s tail.
“Obnoxious fools! Die!”
The beast’s nine tails pinned the trio down. The powerful trio was forced into a passive state by the beast.
“Proud Cold Nine Blades. The blade shall shatter the void without revolution.” Wang Chongyang’s blade waved as he attempted to sneak through the beast’s defences.
Jiang Chen once again appeared before them, making the beast not able to kill them.
“How can this be?!” The Nine-Tailed Fire Fox was extremely shocked. Including Bai Yunfei and the others.
“You cannot stop me!” Jiang Chen sneered.
At this moment, the Nine-Tailed FireFox was at the peak of its anger, and it swept its nine tails.
Jiang Chen could not steady his stance under the violent strikes of those tails. He was then whipped away by those tails. Fortunately, he suffered no injury from this strike. But due to Jiang Chen saving Bai Yunfei and the other two earlier, he suffered a heavy strike from the beast. His whole body felt like it was about to shatter at any moment, his bones were not in his control.
*Su—*
Jiang Chen took in a cold breath. This Nine-tailed Fire Fox is too strong. At this moment, the gap between him and the beast was completely revealed. Three giant realms. If Jiang Chen does not unleash his full strength now, he’ll only suffer a beating from the beast.
“Go, quickly. You have to leave here, fast. I have my own ways of getting away later.” Jiang Chen said as he patted Wang Chongyang’s shoulder.
Only Wang Chongyang remained calm amongst them. Now, Jiang Chen had no choice, they had to leave because they have become a baggage for Jiang Chen, causing Jiang Chen to not be able to unleash his full strength.
“But……” Bai Yunfei wanted to say something but was stopped by Jiang Chen.
“If you do not want to see me die. F*ck off. I don’t want you all to drag me down!” Jiang Chen shouted.
Everyone of them became dumbfounded because they have never seen Jiang Chen being so angry and so serious before.
The current Bai Yunfei finally realised that, in Jiang Chen’s opinion, they were just heavy baggage. The current Jiang Chen may look like he’s on the same level as them but only Yang Jian and Bai Yunfei knew how strong he was.
“Is it really okay?” Pan Hong was perturbed.
He was worried that the beast would kill Jiang Chen. If that really happened, he’ll become a sinner. After all, he promised the sect lord to protect Jiang Chen. But now, he had to abandon Jiang Chen, how could he be at ease?
“Rest assured. Jiang Chen killed a Peak Mid True God expert before. He still has a lot of cards under his sleeves. That number two prodigy of the Taichi Sect, Helian Wushuang, was also killed by Jiang Chen. You should know about this.” Yang Jian advised.
At this moment, they’ll only serve as a burden for Jiang Chen. Only Jiang Chen could help and save himself.
“Alright!” Pan Hong could not accept it.
But with Yang Jian and the other’s suggestion, they chose to leave first.
Bai Yunfei’s eyes were red in colour as he looked at Jiang Chen. At that instant, Bai Yunfei knew that deep within his heart, he hoped and desired that he could fight alongside Jiang Chen, but he was just too weak and would only cause trouble for Jiang Chen.
The current him was one that was revered by thousands of people in the outer sect. But now, only then did he realise how foolish he was and how arrogant he was, he was nothing. He could only run away when faced with a slightly stronger opponent, he could do nothing, he could not stand side-by-side with Jiang Chen and take off some of the pressure that Jiang Chen was taking.
“I cannot accept this. I cannot!” Bai Yunfei clenched his fist and shouted in anger.
But Bai Yunfei still left Jiang Chen. At this moment, not just him, every single one of their hearts had undergone a great change.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2300 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2301


Passion of Hundred Thousand Years
At the moment, apparently the Nine-tailed FireFox did not want them to just simply leave because Bai Yunfei and others would be its perfect meal.
“Your opponent is me!”
Jiang Chen sneered, and then he stood up with his sword and blocked the Nine-tailed FireFox immediately.
In response, the Nine-tailed Fire Fox sneered and said with disdain, “If you don’t have that unparalleled divine sword to rely on, I might have killed you already.”
“Really? Let me see how long you are going to withstand my sword. Haha.”
Jiang Chen held the Heavenly Dragon Sword in his hands and casted the dragon transformation. At this moment, his strength reached the Middle True God Realm and his instant transformation had terrified the Nine-tailed FireFox.
“I never expected that you’re one of the people of the Dragon Clan. However, since there’s no one to help you here, your strength is still not powerful enough to overcome me.”
The Nine-tailed FireFox spun its nine tails and displayed its divine might to fight with Jiang Chen fiercely. This time, they were both neck-to-neck. The Nine-tailed FireFox had never foresen that Jiang Chen would be so powerful after using the dragon transformation. In addition, his Heavenly Dragon Sword was a kind of supremely powerful Origin Divine Tool. Although Jiang Chen was still young and had such a low cultivation realm, he still managed to hold such a powerful Origin Divine Tool. A Divine King might not even have a piece of an Origin Divine Tool.
Following the deafening sound of clashing, the Nine-tailed FireFox obviously had the upper hand in the battle as its strength had already reached the Late Void God Realm. After all, there was a huge gap between their cultivation realm.
“Sword of Human, Fusion of Dragon and Sword!”
Jiang Chen roared in rage. The Nine-tailed FireFox made a strike with its nine tails and clashed with Jiang Chen, blasting out a heavenly shocking sound as a result.
The Nine-tailed FireFox’s eyes were filled with astonishment. In its heart, it somehow began admiring Jiang Chen as he was only a Void God realm expert but has such formidable combat strength. The beast had never seen someone like him before.
Nine-tailed FireFox unexpectedly withstood Jiang Chen’s Fusion of Dragon and Sword. Jiang Chen was quite shocked by the Nine-tailed Fire Fox’s strength. Was it an ancient saint beast? Otherwise it would not be able to withstand his blow.
“Are you human or a member of the Dragon Clan? You have really made me interested. If you take out the Golden Lotus, I won’t trouble you.”
The Nine-tailed FireFox said coldly and still insisted that the Golden Lotus was stolen by Jiang Chen.
Jiang Chen rolled his eyes, then smiled bitterly and said: “How many times do I need to say it? How are you going to believe me? I really don’t know about the Golden Lotus that you are talking about.”
“Seems like you won’t cry if you don’t see the coffin. Then I’ll let you taste it under my hands. This will be your last chance,” the Nine-tailed FireFox warned.
It once again struck a blow towards Jiang Chen. Jiang Chen’s face looked extremely gloomy this time, and he thought that he must show some of his true colour to this Nine-tailed FireFox. Otherwise, it would really seem  that he was afraid of it.
“Fire God Guards, appear!”
Jiang Chen roared in a deep voice. At this moment, the twelve Fire God Guards appeared in front of Jiang Chen. The twelve Fire God Guards were completely different from how they were in the past due to Jiang Chen’s advancement. Right now, the Fire God Guards had recovered their strength at the True God Realm and their mightiness was comparable to a Late True God Realm expert. Moreover, the Fire God Guards had their own attacking techniques that were more powerful than Late True God experts.
“This is…”
The Nine-tailed FireFox’s eyes shone in astonishment, meanwhile, the impression of the twelve Fire God Guards flashed in its mind for a moment.
Jiang Chen joined hands with the Fire God Guards and encircled the beast, putting it into complete suppression. This time, the Nine-tailed FireFox has been completely restrained.
“Such a cruel way. These puppets are very tyrannical!”
The fox could not help but feel startled. Although it had the support of its Nine-tail Heart Fire, it still felt a bit powerless to handle the situation. These puppets seem to have a kind of magic power that could resist it and make it unable to display its full power. On the other hand, not to be outdone, Jiang Chen used his Heavenly Dragon Sword to make another few strikes against the Nine-tailed FireFox. Its arm was injured by Jiang Chen badly, and as a result, the beast now completely lost its upper hand.
“Nine Tail Anger, Burning Gods!”
The Nine-tailed FireFox raged.
Jiang Chen took two steps backwards as the flame rose up so suddenly. While Jiang Chen withdrew his steps slowly, it seemed like the Nine-tailed FireFox had also used up quite a lot of energy. Both of them were neck and neck, and none of them had gained the upper hand during this clash. However, obviously Jiang Chen’s suppressing strength was still stronger than the Nine-tailed FireFox who looked restrained.
Jiang Chen’s chest was also burnt by the Nine-tailed Heart Fire. However, it was impossible for the Nine-tailed FireFox to melt his Dantian because his Five Elemental True Fire was not any weaker than the Nine-tailed Heart Fire. It was even possible for Jiang Chen to melt the Nine-tailed FireFox.
“Let’s stop here. I think there’s no need for us to continue the fight. I did not steal your Golden Lotus. If I really want to fight you until the end and engulf you, you would be injured badly.”
In a flash, Jiang Chen surrounded himself with the Five Elemental True Fire. The Nine-tailed FireFox immediately withdrew itself but Jiang Chen could also feel its astonishment.
The beast was well-aware that if Jiang Chen used the Five Elemental True Fire to engulf it, it would suffer a severe injury. However, he did not do so. If Jiang Chen really had stolen the Golden Lotus, what was the point of him to spare its life? What was the point of doing this?
“You didn’t steal my Golden Lotus, did you? Then where’s my Golden Lotus? Where should I go?”
The Nine-tailed FireFox suddenly transformed itself into a lady who wore a skin tight dress. She kneeled down on the ground while her face looked absent-minded. The nine tails on her back, which was filled with deadly air, shook unlively.  However, even though her graceful face was full of worry and sorrow, her beauty was not lesser than Yan Chenyu. A weak looking lady like this was the Nine-tailed FireFox just now? Jiang Chen found it unbelievable.
Jiang Chen asked, “Is the Golden Lotus very important to you?”
“Yes. The Golden Lotus is called Jie Po Golden Lotus. It is the lotus mother above the Nine Clouds Pond. In order to obtain the Golden Lotus, I had risked my life back then. I did that only to rescue someone’s soul and spirit and release his frozen soul from purgatory. However, I did not succeed and got very frustrated. It has been more than seventeen thousand years and I finally have some hope to help him as the Golden Lotus finally blossomed not long ago. His soul has finally formed up.”
Nine-tailed FireFox murmured while her eyes were filled with tears.
“But now, someone had stolen it. I must get the Golden Lotus back as it is my only hope. Whether I could still see him now has become a luxurious wish. Once the Golden Lotus is broken, his soul is destined to vanish.”
The Nine-tailed FireFox’s passion had made Jiang Chen feel a bit heartbroken. A lady like her was really rare between the heavens and earth.
Passion of hundred thousand years, without regrets and complain!
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2301 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2302


It’s Him
Jiang Chen could not help feeling sympathy towards the lady; after all, he was not an iron-hearted man. Although their battle was incomparably intense, it did not prevent Jiang Chen from sympathising with the Nine-tailed FireFox.
She had safeguarded the Golden Lotus for hundred thousand years but her dream was shattered in just a day! Who would not be mad by this? Jiang Chen could feel the rage and struggle of the beautiful fox.
“If my strength did not keep deteriorating, I wouldn’t have faced this situation today. Back then, sigh.”
The Nine-tailed FireFox smiled bitterly, however, it was all history now. What was the point of recalling it?
“I will definitely find out who stole my Golden Lotus. Even if I manage to kill the culprit a hundred thousand times, I will still not be satisfied!”
The Nine-tailed FireFox roared. The delicate lady suddenly became incomparably strong at this moment. That was the power of love.
“Don’t worry. I will be staying in this Hidden Secret Realm for a year. If I am able to find your Golden Lotus, I will definitely return it to you,” Jiang Chen said solemnly.
“Thank you very much.”
“If he’s still here, he will definitely not put the blame on you,” said Jiang Chen in a deep voice.
“I have already seen through life and death, but I only have a single wish in my life, which is to see him one more time.”
The Nine-tailed FireFox then walked towards the Japan Luo Ying Mountain while looking miserable. The lady who had been crazy for love for more than seventeen thousand years. She must have suffered unbearable pain and her toughness also indicated her inner weakness.
Jiang Chen said firmly, “I will definitely help you look for the Golden Lotus.”
………….
Lang Ya dashed wildly and chased the figure that disappeared from the Japan Luo Ying Mountain. After three days and three nights, he finally sensed the breath of the person.
“When there’s a will, there’s a way. Haha. Finally, I have sensed it. Hmm? Are they people from the Ghost Eye Sect?”
Lang Ya’s face looked serious and he dared not to be reckless at this moment. If there were really people of the Ghost Eye Sect, he wouldn’t dare to simply take action because the people of Ghost Eye Sect were ruthless. Even the Clear Stream Sect and Divine Pill Sect were not willing to offend them, especially the devil twin princes. It was said that they were able to escape from a Heavenly God. From this statement, one knew how terrifying they were.
Despite being confident and formidable, Lang Ya did not dare to take action recklessly and he only looked for a single opportunity.
“It must be the Moli Ghost who took away the Golden Lotus.”
Ya Lang murmured.
At this moment, quite a lot of people were rushing towards the place. They all looked cunning as they were from those small sects that practiced evil doctrine. They relied on Moli Ghost’s authority, and one could immediately see that they were only followers.
“Congratulations, second brother. Haha. I guess you have obtained quite a lot of treasure?”
“Yea. I can see that our second brother is filled with joy. Must be a good harvest.”
“Second brother, how about you take it out and let us open our eyes? Hehe.”
“That’s right. Second brother. That treasure must be very exciting since you love it so much. It must be an extraordinary item.”
Moli Ghost looked at his subordinates who showed faces full of admiration. He could not help but feel proud and his face was overflowing with a cunning smile.
“Alright. I am going to let you guys see my Golden Lotus. Haha.”
Moli Ghost took out an incomparably dazzling item and held it in his hand. The Golden Lotus gave off a shining radiance and an overbearing aura that took away everyone’s breath. The energy inside the Golden Lotus was out of everyone’s imagination; it was like a saint light breaking through the sky between heaven and earth. The surrounding hundreds of square miles was filled with its brilliance.
“Wow, the Golden Lotus is really very mythical.”
“Yea, I’ve never seen a saint item which is filled with this amount of energy. Good job, second brother.”
“Second brother, you must have spent lots of effort to get this saint item.”
“Second brother, I dare to say that even our first brother never saw a treasure like this.”
After hearing the compliments around, Moli Ghost felt delighted in his heart. He kept the Golden Lotus immediately, then many of them heaved a sigh of regret because they had not seen the Golden Lotus long enough.
“Getting this Golden Lotus was actually just a piece of cake to me. Hahaha. If I refine this lotus, I might advance to the Heavenly God Realm,” said Moli Ghost with pride.
“Great opportunity. It’s a great opportunity for you, second brother. Then you would be an unparalleled existence in the entire Hidden Secret Realm. Hahaha.”
“That’s right. Second brother is almighty and peerless.”
“Bullsh*t, if I am peerless, then how about my brother? I want to share this with my brother.”
Moli Ghost was angry.
“Yes, yes, yes. Second brother is almighty and righteous.”
“Righteous!”
Right after Moli Ghost calmed down, his forehead was immediately filled with an oppressive arrogance after realizing that there were more than thirty people from other sects depending and following him. If one did not have an expert to rely on in this dreadful Hidden Secret Realm, one might not be able to survive for long here. There must be some conceited people who had chosen to go alone and died in the Hidden Secret Realm.
“It’s him. Seems like it will be challenging to get the Golden Lotus now.”
Lang Ya looked solemn. He was not worried about Moli Ghost. Instead, he was worried about the alliance of Moli Ghost and Moli Qing. If both of them joined hands together, he would definitely not be a match for them. However, luckily Moli Qing was not here. Lang Ya did not dare to make any mistake and was very careful. If he managed to rob the Golden Lotus but failed to kill Moli Ghost, then the consequence might not be that simple anymore because if the news spread to Moli Qing, then he would have to confront Moli Qing as well.
Moli Qing’s strength was not any weaker than him at all. Being the number-one genius of the Ghost Eye Sect, Lang Ya did not dare to fight with him face-to-face.
Being the number-two in the entire Linhe Boundary, Ghost Eye Sect’s strength was also unpredictably formidable. Lang Ya did not dare to risk his life because once he lost, that would be the biggest failure in his life.
“I’ll let you be happy first. Hope that you don’t eat the Golden Lotus, otherwise, I will force you to spit it out.”
Lang Ya snorted and disappeared.
Moli Ghost frowned and turned his head around because he sensed that someone had been staring at him. However, it might only be his own imagination as he did not see anyone. He shook his head then started searching for his brother again.
After entering the Hidden Secret Realm, many self-proclaimed experts had already gone on their own way. This was because if they managed to obtain any treasures, they did not need to share it with others. This was the real reason behind why they seperated in the Hidden Secret Realm. On the other hand, those people who were not confident enough would rely on each other or scheme in the dark to take advantage of others.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2302 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2303


Heavenly Fortune Pill
Jiang Chen was looking for Pan Hong and the others while also looking for the Golden Lotus. However, after more than ten days, he still could not get any news about them. He had completely lost his direction and lost contact with Pan Hong and the others.
When Jiang Chen wanted to use the spiritual talisman to contact them, only then did he realise that the spiritual talisman did not work in the Hidden Secret Realm. This meant that all of his spiritual talismans were only decoration right now. There was no one here to help him. In order to survive, he could only rely on himself.
In these more than ten days, Jiang Chen had killed about twenty monsters which were under the Mid True God Realm. If he really encountered any ferocious monster that was above the Late True God Realm, he was not willing to fight it. Although he would be able to kill the monster, there might be people behind waiting to take advantage of him.
Jiang Chen also obtained about ten pieces of monster crystals which all contained incomparably intense Divine Origin Qi. His cultivation realm now was at the peak of Late Void God Realm. If he managed to breakthrough now, he would reach the half-step True God Realm.
Jiang Chen found a cave and took a rest there and then started to cultivate with his utmost effort. Within three days’ time, he absorbed more than twenty pieces of monster crystals and finally broke through to the half-step True God Realm. Now, he was not far from the True God Realm. However, he needed some good fortune for him to break through. When he advanced to True God Realm, only then would be considered as a true expert. At this moment, Jiang Chen thought that he was still very weak. In every battle, he needed to use his utmost effort. Although he was confident to overcome enemies coming from all directions, he also needed to pay a heavy price to overcome them.
When Jiang Chen took out the formula of the Immortal Grade Pill, he was stunned for a while. The name of the formula was “Heaven Seizing Fortune Pill”, which literally meant seizing the fortune between heaven and earth, and could help cultivators to break through bottlenecks.
The Heaven Seizing Fortune Pill seized the spiritual qi between heaven and earth, turning the qi into great fortune. Once one took the HeavenSeizing Fortune Pill, your body would experience a complete transformation and achieve the perfect realm. The pill would transform a cultivator’s body, and the pill’s essence could help the body reach the optimal condition where he would be engulfed in Divine Origin Qi without cultivating. The only downside was that only cultivators under the Divine King Realm could take this pill.
Moreover, since most of the ingredients of the Heaven Seizing Fortune Pill are divine herbs, the pill could also provide cultivators a perfect Divine Origin Qi.
Cultivator only needed to swallow and breath when taking the pill, and he would not feel any pressure during the process. The Heaven Seizing Fortune Pill could help one finish the cultivating process. The entire body would be like a refined jade and one’s breath could be blended well with heaven and earth. So, it could also help the cultivator conceal himself. Even experts two realms higher would not notice your existence.
Cultivators at the peak of Heavenly God Realm could take this pill as well and it could help them conquer their bottlenecks and could even help them achieve a cultivation breakthrough. One could imagine how great this pill was. Without an advantage like this, how would it be graded as an Immortal Grade Pill?
Although the quality of the Heaven Seizing Fortune Pill could only be considered as in the middle range among the Immortal Grade pills, its efficacy was mythical enough and astonishing.
“Even though it only requires five kinds of herb to concoct the pill, I have never heard of the other three types of herbs.”
Jiang Chen smiled bitterly. Ten Thousand Years Blood Spirit Mushroom and Human-faced Demon Ginseng happened to be two of the five herbs, but he had never heard of the other three herbs.
“Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart, Heavenly Snake’s Gallbladder, Eye Spirit Spring. What is the Eye Spirit Spring?”
Jiang Chen shook his head. It seemed like it was extremely difficult to find the other three herbs. It could be said to be as difficult as ascending the heavens.
When Jiang Chen came out of the cave, he encountered a group of people. There were around ten people in the group and all of them looked very solemn. Jiang Chen had seen the person who took the lead once before. He was from the Overlord Sect and his strength was formidable as he had already reached the Late Void God Realm.
“Jiang Chen!”
The leader smiled faintly.
“Not bad,” Jiang Chen replied.
“Someone wanted to pay me three thousand high-grade Divine Origin Stones to kill you. Do you think I should take it or not?
Zhu Mingyang played around the half-moon scimitar in his hand and said calmly.
“You will lose a good opportunity to earn money if you don’t take the three thousand Divine Origin Stones. That fortune is already enough for you to play around with ladies. Hahaha,” A thin young man said and smiled coldly.
“Sky Hawk Residence, Qin Lang.”
“Five Elements Sect, Ouyang Shaoxin.”
A chubby young man walked forward with his ruthless eyesight and stood beside Zhu Mingyang.
Qin Lang grinned and said, “I have heard that this guy is wealthy. In the Gathering Destiny Square, he took out three pieces of Divine Tool. I guess he must have many treasures.”
“You have to tell us honestly then,” Zhu Mingyang said in a regretful way.
“We are all people from the same alliance and are here for cultivation. I don’t want to kill you but you have to take out all the treasures you have. If they are worth more than three thousand Divine Origin Stones, then I will buy them with your life. Even if the person asked me about you, I will not tell him. What do you think? I am very righteous, do you think so? Hahaha.”
Zhu Mingyang’s laugher resounded between the mountains; everyone echoed in the same way and supported him.
“Alright, You should know what to do best. Young lad, take your treasures out then we’ll ensure that you’ll be able to walk out of here alive. Otherwise, we can’t promise you anything.”
Ouyang Shaoxin said in an uninterested manner.
Jiang Chen opened his hand to indicate his helplessness.
“If you want money, I don’t have it. But I do have a life.”
Jiang Chen’s attitude suddenly made Zhu Mingyang and the others unhappy. They thought that Jiang Chen would kneel down and beg them to spare his life. Unexpectedly, he dared to be so reckless and fearless. A half-step True God expert had been so boastful in front of them.
“Why do you want to make the situation embarrassing like this? I always like to solve problems in a peaceful way but you forced me to take action. Although my Overload Sect’s reputation isn’t that good, we never bully the weak and the elderly. You belong to the weak as your cultivation realm is too low. As long as you are obedient to me, I won’t bully you. Hehe.”
Zhu Mingyang’s ruthless face started showing impatience.
“It’s okay to have a weak cultivation realm. What is sad is that you guys are such idiots to find trouble from me.”
Jiang Chen heaved a sigh which made them start laughing at him as they thought he did not know what death was.
Zhu Mingyang closed his eyes and said faintly, “Alright, you won the argument because you managed to irritate me. As a prize, your date of death is here now.”
Ouyang Shaoxin concentrated his mind then he waved his hands to signal the two Early True God experts to lunge towards Jiang Chen.
“Defeat him.”
As soon as Ouyang Shaoxin finished his words, Jiang Chen used his Heavenly Dragon Sword to sweep across those two True God experts, making the two fall onto the ground slowly. Jiang Chen had killed them with his sword in just a second.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2303 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2304


Demon
“How could this be possible?”
“Yea, he is only a half-step True God but he managed to kill two Early True God experts. It’s unbelievable.”
“I don’t believe it. His sword strike is too quick.”
Ouyang Shaoxin’s eyes were filled with ruthlessness.
“No wonder you’re so conceited. It’s because you have some tricks under your sleeve. Okay. Now there’s no reason to spare your life.”
Ouyang Shaoxin snorted coldy and stared at the two guys who were just killed. His mouth twitched, like saying something “bastard” to them.
The sword rose up again in Jiang Chen’s hand, and its light swept across in all directions. Ouyang Shaoxin’s facial expression changed and immediately withdrew himself. His Nine-tooth Steel Blade was destroyed, there was a huge opening on it. When Jiang Chen’s sword swept across near his shoulder just now, he felt its dreadfulness.
Ouyang Shaoxin still could not believe that Jiang Chen’s combat strength was so dreadful. It was so terrifying to know that he was repulsed by a half-step True God.
“I don’t believe it.”
Ouyang Shaoxin was unwilling to believe it as there were so many people looking at him. How could he lose his face in this way? He could not let that happen. If he was really defeated by Jiang Chen, he would be really ashamed of it. He was one of the genius disciples of the Five Elements Sect, and was only inferior to Zhu Mingyang.
“Five Element Blade Technique, Escaping Symbol Art!”
Ouyang Shaoxin looked very serious. The shadow of his blade was spreading everywhere. However, when Jiang Chen appeared next to him, he did not know that he would be defeated very soon. Because he did not know where Jiang Chen’s next attack would come from. By the time Jiang Chen’s sword appeared, his blade was already broken. When he wanted to withdraw himself, only then did he realise that Jiang Chen’s sword had already moved again and chopped his arm off which was holding his blade.
“Ahhhh….!”
Ouyang Shaoxin screamed in despair and took a step backward. However, when he came near Zhu Mingyang, he only felt fear.
“Save me, brother!”
“Five Elemental True Fire, burning with fierce fire!”
Jiang Chen snorted coldly. The Five Elemental True Fires engulfed Ouyang Shaoxin. Since he was a disciple of Five Element Sect, then I am going to let you die under my Five Elemental True Fires. 
Zhu Mingyang turned his head immediately and his countenance fell. It was out of his expectation that Ouyang Shaoxin would be defeated completely after being trapped in the Five Elemental True Fires. Zhu Mingyang wanted to take action to save Ouyang Shaoxin but realised that he could not approach the Five Elemental True Fires at all because it was burning! Many people also took a few steps backwards with faces full of terror. In less than ten seconds, Ouyang Shaoxin, without even having a chance to scream, had been burned into ashes under the Five Elemental True Fires.
Everyone withdrew themselves; Zhu Mingyang’s face looked gloomy. He walked towards Jiang Chen step by step.
“You really do have great fighting skills. Seems like you won’t be obedient if I don’t take action.”
Zhu Mingyang and Jiang Cheng exchanged glances. Jiang Chen looked clam and did not show any fear at all. Since Zhu Mingyang had challenged and offended him continuously, he felt that he should not be merciful as well.
“Brother, you must avenge young master Ouyang.”
“Yes. He died tragically. This guy deserves punishment.”
“The man who killed young master Ouyang is unforgivable. It’s unbearable. Kill him, kill him!”
Looking at these people who kept on talking, Jiang Chen felt pity for them as they always lacked their own opinion and only followed what other people dictate. Weak people like them could only be trampled upon, regardless of their physique or dignity. Moreover, they did not have any strength to counterattack at all, and they only relied on someone strong. It’s really sorrowful.
“If you take action, your ending will also be death.”
The distance between Jiang Chen and Zhu Mingyang was less than half a metre and both of them were very confident in themselves. Being the second strongest of the Overlord Sect, he was of course very proud of himself.
In his heart, except for the top three experts of the Clear Stream Sect, the top two experts of the Ghost Eye Sect, Lang Ya of the Divine Pill Sect and his own senior Qiu Zhen, no one would be able to pressure him. Even Ling Long of the Heavenly Star Sect and Liu Quanchao were much inferior to him.
Zhu Mingyang pointed at Jiang Chen and said, “It’s the funniest joke I have ever heard. But it’s also the only joke that I can’t laugh at.”
“Okay, I’ll give you a chance to attack. Let me see how strong you are since you’re able to kill even Ouyang Shaoxin. You should feel honoured as you are going to die in my hands. Otherwise, even if you get out of here alive, the people of the Five Elements Sect would not let you go.”
“Alright. As you wish,” Jiang Chen replied faintly.
Having reached the half-step True God Realm, he was even stronger now. Although it was not that much, killing this guy would not be too difficult for him.
Jiang Chen stepped on the void and his Azure Dragon Five Steps had eliminated all of Zhu Mingyang’s path of retreat. He was going to fight Zhu Mingyang until the end. Jiang Chen casted his dragon transformation, making his strength rise so suddenly to ten times than before. This helped him reach the peak of Mid True God Realm, making him many times stronger than Zhu Mingyang now.
Every strike Jiang Chen made was incomparably ferocious which repulse Zhu Mingyang continuously under his Heavenly Dragon Sword.
Zhu Mingyang never expected that Jiang Chen would be this brutal. Especially after the dragon transformation, it was like Jiang Chen had become another person, making Zhu Mingyang unable to withstand him at all. Jiang Chen was like a monster in human form. When Zhu Mingyang’ sword cleaved on Jiang Chen, it was only like a tickling Jiang Chen. On the other hand, Jiang Chen’s vigorous attack had made Zhu Mingyang suffer.
“Damn it, This guy is too monstrous, isn’t he?”
Zhu Mingyang thought in his heart.
“If you don’t take action now, when are you going to?”
Zhu Mingyang shouted in rage. Qin Lang took the lead and brought the other thirty people to join in the battle, intending to pressure Jiang Chen. However, Jiang Chen’s mightiness was irresistible at the moment. Under the dreadful dragon transformation, he could eliminate a True God expert effortlessly in a flash. Blood dripped from the Heaven Dragon Sword while the terrifying sword qi swept across in every direction. Such a brutal Jiang Chen had really terrified Zhu Mingyang.
Only now did he understand that he shouldn’t have offended this guy at the very beginning but who knew that he would be this terrifying?
More than thirty people were killed by Jiang Chen in less than a minute. Only Qin Lang and Zhu Mingyang were left and the surrounding was covered with blood.
“You…you…you are a lunatic!”
Qi Lang unconsciously withdrew himself, his face looked extremely ugly to behold after being slashed by Jiang Chen’s sword. He managed to escape death just now, but he knew that Jiang Chen would not let him go alive.
After Jiang Chen failed to strike Zhu Mingyang, he turned around and rushed towards Qin Lang. In the void, a shadow of a sword broke through with dazzling radiance. Qin Lang knew that he would be able to run away from death this time.
“Demon…”
Qin Lang stared at the gloomy sky but couldn’t find a suitable word to describe Jiang Chen.
Jiang Chen had killed more than thirty people in an instant. It’s too violent and too brutal.
Zhu Mingyang took a deep breath. Jiang Chen’s dreadfulness had made him feel like withdrawing himself.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2304 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2305


The Great Guardian of the Clear Stream Sect
Zhu Mingyang said coldly, “Jiang Chen, there were really no grudges between us. I hope that you know what you are doing right now, and don’t try to do something stupid. I am not from a low-grade sect like the Five Elements Sect or Sky Hawk Residence. My Overload Sect is one of the ten major sects and it is more powerful than your sect’s brother sect, Heavenly Star Sect. You better not ruin your own future.
“We could’ve talked nicely to each other at the very beginning. Why do you want to make a situation like this right now? I won’t let others know that you have killed all of these people. However, if you insist on taking action against me, then don’t blame me for the consequences. When two tigers fight, there is always a loser. One of us would be injured severely if we really fight.”
Jiang Chen looked at Zhu Mingyang and he calmly smiled. Looking at how serious Zhu Mingyang’s words were, Jiang Chen couldn’t help feeling amused.
“Overload Sect is not a sect that you could offend. If we join hands together right now, I guess we can achieve something huge in the future.”
Zhu Mingyang looked very serious and even Jiang Chen felt bad to interrupt him.
Jiang Chen smiled and replied, “When two tigers fight, there must be a loser. I like this saying. Haha. However, I am not going to be a tiger today as I am going to be the hero to kill the tiger.”
At this moment, Zhu Mingyang’s countenance fell. From what Jiang Chen said, obviously, Jiang Chen did not want to reconcile with him.
“Do you really want to embark on a road of no return? In this Hidden Secret Realm, you won’t be able to overcome all of the experts by yourself alone. If you kill me, my senior brothers will definitely avenge me. I guess you might not have the ability to defeat him.”
“Yes. So I am going to try now if I have the ability or not,” Jiang Chen profoundly said.
“Jiang Chen, don’t destroy your own future. I am a disciple of Overload Sect. Unfortunately,  it seems like you don’t get it even though I have said so much. Wasting my effort to explain so much. Let’s have a fight then, come on.”
Zhu mingyang could not help but feel speechless at the end, and he completely changed his tone. He knew that Jiang Chen wouldn’t give him any chance. So the only way to deal with this situation was to have a life-and-death battle.
Jiang Chen smiled and said, “Let’s start then, you only have one chance.”
Dealing with Zhu Mingyang’s insane attack, Jiang Chen remained calm as his current dragon transformation had already reached the peak of True God Realm. With the aid of his Heavenly Dragon Sword, Jiang Chen’s combat strength was able to suppress Zhu Mingyang even though the latter was a Late True God.
“Lonely Star Shadow, Full Moon Sickle!”
Zhu Mingyang broke through the sky with the shadow of the Full Moon Sickle. His dreadful attack managed to encircle Jiang Chen fiercily. Jiang Chen was stunned for a second and he then wielded his  Heavenly Dragon Sword to collide with the Full Moon Sickle.
Jiang Chen and Zhu Mingyang both fell on the ground with their back. Jiang Chen did not make any move. Zhu Mingyang grimaced after feeling that the sickle in his hand had already become extremely cold.
When Jiang Chen stepped the fifth step of his Azure Dragon’s Five Steps, Zhu Mingyang was repulsed. His face was filled with blood and even his body was split into two. Jiang Chen’s Heavenly Dragon Sword had not only shattered his Full Moon Sickle, but also cut his body into half.
“You will definitely…regret….”
Zhu Ming said with difficulty then he lost his life completely.
Jiang Chen sneered. His Five Elemental True Fires burned up more than thirty corpses and turned them into nourishment.
Jiang Chen did not plan to take any actions against them actually. Unfortunately, they had never thought of letting him go. That was why he fought them. Since he had chosen to do so, he would not regret it. They deserved the consequences. This was the karma they deserved as they wanted to bully him who was alone.
In the Hidden Secret Realm, there was no good or bad guy but only people who could survive.
Jiang Chen never felt compassionate to fools and he was also not a doormat as well. He would not feel bad for these people as they deserved death.
“Such an oppressive way of killing.”
Jiang Chen raised his head and saw a white-clothed man hanging on a tree. The man smiled, and one could see from his eyes that he was not an ordinary man.
“Clear Stream Sect. The Great Guardian, Tang Zhen.”
“Profound Feng Sect, Jiang Chen.”
“I never expected that your strength would be this strong. It’s unbelievable. Even a disciple from Overlord Sect died in your hands. Hehe. It’s really astonishing.”
Tang Zhen said in a playful tone while his face carried a smile.
“Why are you here, Tang Zhen? I don’t think you are here just to chat with me. Hehe. Since he had died, what can we say right now? He can only blame himself for having the thought of killing me. I wouldn’t just simply kill people,” said Jiang Chen.
“Great. I admire people like you.”
Tang Zhen jumped off from the tree, looking extraordinarily charming. Being one of the Three Great Guardians of the Clear Stream Sect, Tang Zhen’s strength was undeniably powerful. Compared to Zhu Mingyang, he was much more powerful.
“Brother Tang, how about you just tell me honestly,” said Jiang Chen straightforwardly.
“I am really dumbstruck by your strength. I am thinking of killing a monster and I need a helper. I wonder if brother Jiang is willing to help me? We join hands together to kill the monster. What do you think?”
Tang Zhen said in a kind way, treating Jiang Chen as if he shared the same position with him. In the entire Linhe Boundary, only very few people dared to call the Three Great Guardians of Clear Stream Sect as brothers.
Jiang Chen asked. “What can I get as a reward?”
“Hahaha. You’re so upfront. Being able to cooperate with you is my luck. What do you think about three thousand Divine Origin Stones?”
“I am not interested in Divine Origin Stones.” Jiang Chen shook his head.
Moreover, he did not know what Tang Zhen really wanted. The monster Tang Zhen was going to kill was perhaps not an ordinary monster. Otherwise, why would he ask his help if he could kill the monster himself?
“To be honest, the monsters that I am going to kill are the Green Jade Black Tortoise and the Heavenly River Clam.”
“Is that the number-one tortoise, Green Jade Black Tortoise? It has a very good defense and even a golden stone could not break its shell.”
Jiang Chen’s eyes showed interest.
“I want the shell of the Green Jade Black Tortoise.”
Tang Zhen smiled bitterly and replied: “The Green Jade Black Tortoise and Heavenly River Clam are together right now. However, their defense is extremely formidable and I could not do anything to them. I have fought them twice but it is not easy to get the Water Repelling Spirit Pearl from the Heavenly River Clam.”
“Why are they together?”
Jiang Chen asked in doubt.
“I don’t know about that. You can have the shell of the Green Jade Black Tortoise if we managed to kill it; my target is the Heavenly River Clam. I hope brother Jiang can give me a hand,” said Tang Zhen again.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2305 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2306


I want to drink Chinese softshell tortoise Soup!
“You take the Water Repelling Spirit Pearl. I want the Green Jade Profound Tortoise.” Jiang Chen nodded.
“It’s a deal!”
Jiang Chen and Tang Zhen continued forward for several hundreds of lis and reached a lake covered with fog as it was surrounded by giant mountains. Endless chirping of birds and cicadas could be heard from within.
The scene was magnificent with ancient trees beside the tranquil lake that allows one to sit down and enjoy the cool air. The air was fresher than any other place too.
“This is the lake where the tortoise and clam resides.” Tang Zhen said as he pointed forward.
“Watch me.” Tang Zhen then took out his Divine Hunting Spear and threw it into the lake with vigour. Ripples and waves were created from the tranquil lake.
“Divine tortoise, quickly come out and meet me.” Tang Zhen shouted as he levitated in the air.
Jiang Chen looked at this scene. Looks like this is not this fellow’s first time and there’s not much progress by the looks of it.
At this moment, a green jade coloured tortoise of about three meters in radius emerged from the water, shook its giant head and spoke angrily with its deep voice:
“Despicable human. You come again and again, but every time you’re repelled by me. Now you dare come here to give your life up. This time, I will not let you get away.”
Obviously, Tang Zhen’s provocation has made the beast furious.
“I’m not alone today. If you know what’s good for you, hand over your shell and the Water Repelling Spirit Pearl. Perhaps, I could spare your life.” Tang Zhen said.
The Green Jade Profound Tortoise gritted its teeth and said, “You sinister and deceitful humans, you want my shell and my pearl. How do you expect us to live? I see that you’re here to seek death.”
Jiang Chen laughed and said, “You’re right, old Tortoise. Come out and fight 300 rounds with me. Hahaha.”
The Green Jade Profound Tortoise was angered and it coldly looked at Jiang Chen and Tang Zhen.
“Since the both of you are here to die. Then today, this old one shall kill the both of you!” The Green Jade Profound Tortoise roared furiously.
Water splattered and countless water arrows were formed. It then shot towards Jiang Chen and Thang Zhen who quickly retreated and evaded the attack. Both of them then rushed forward simultaneously.
“Slaughter Dragon Seal!” Jiang Chen attacked and the Green Jade Profound Tortoise quickly hid inside its shell.
“Invincible Splitting Sharp Spear!” Tang Zhen pierced and it landed on the tortoise’s shell, a sound of metal collision could be heard and sparks flew in all directions.
At this moment, the Green Jade Profound Tortoise spun, making the water splash, and ice blades to scatter on all sides. Jiang Chen waved his blade and blocked most of the densely packed sharp ice blades. The attack forced back Jiang Chen and Tang Zhen.
“Such a terrifying Green Jade Profound Tortoise. This beast’s cultivation is at least at the Late True God Realm,” Jiang Chen said solemnly.
“Be careful. Those ice blades are not his lethal move.” Tang Zhen warned.
“Myriad Swords Return Art!”
Jiang Chen’s technique dissipated the Green Jade Profound Tortoise’s ice blades, changing it into snowflakes. The resulting scene was magnificent.
Tang Zhen followed suit and launched countless piercing strikes towards the beast.
“Not bad. Pretty great. Look at this Void God lad, quite capable. Lethal Tackle!” The Green Jade Profound Tortoise roared.
The beast then hid inside its shell and rammed itself towards Tang Zhen. The latter waved his spear and launched a series of piercing strikes towards the reptile. Yet, no damage could be seen on its shell, only the sound of the metal collision was heard, which was extremely harsh to the ears.
“Let’s see whether you can withstand my Heavenly Dragon Sword.” Jiang Chen took this chance and leaped forward.
At this moment, the Green Jade Profound Tortoise was not showing any weakness and clashed with Jiang Chen’s blade. Jiang Chen was taken aback after being pushed back. He could not withstand the tortoise’s strength and defence. Especially its sturdy shell, the backlash from attack on its shell was returned to the attacker. Jiang Chen became nervous as he quickly retreated. Nevertheless, a deep mark was left on the beast’s shell.
The Green Jade Profound Tortoise tackled thrice, and Jiang Chen attacked thrice. Their collision caused a huge tremor on the beast’s shell.
“Such terrifying defence!”
Jiang Chen’s Heavenly Dragon Sword was a supreme grade Primal Origin Treasure. Yet it could not break a Late True God’s shell. It was unbelievable.
“To think he could leave such a deep mark on my back. This fella’s weapon is extremely sharp.” The Green Jade Profound Tortoise was extremely shocked deep down.
At this moment, the beast knew Jiang Chen was not strong. If Jiang Chen really was strong, the beast wouldn’t have simply used its shell to attack.
“Two versus one. What heroes are you? Hahaha. Old Clam, let them see how powerful the devastating Tortoise-Clam duo can be. ” The Green Jade Profound Tortoise sneered with a thunderous roar.
A several zhang tall giant clam emerged from the water. Its body was gold in colour.
The Heavenly River Female Clam shouted, “It’s that bastard again? This time, you won’t get away. Old Tortoise, let’s kill them.”
A human-shaped woman could be seen inside the clam, but it doesn’t have legs or arms, its whole body was embedded in the clam. It was weird. The shining Water Repelling Spirit Pearl was under the woman’s body.
“Heavenly River Female Clam, Green Jade Profound Tortoise, they’re both finally here. Hehe.” Jiang Chen’s lips curved.
At this moment, they have to fight these two beasts.
“It’s not too late to surrender now. You’ll regret it otherwise,” Jiang Chen said.
“Oh, really? Why don’t you defeat us before you talk? Otherwise, I fear you may not be able to fulfil this wish.” The Green Jade Profound Tortoise sneered.
The tortoise and clam joined hands together and became even more powerful. Jiang Chen faced the Green Jade Profound Tortoise while Tang Zhen faced the Heavenly River Female Clam.
“Your opponent is me. Now let’s see how powerful you are. You’re unworthy to fight me if it weren’t for that sword in your hands.” The Green Jade Profound Tortoise looked at Jiang Chen with disdain.
“Really? If so, I have to really work my worth. You have great defence. But today, let’s see whether my attacks are strong enough.” Jiang Chen’s gaze became cold.
How could Jiang Chen be happy when he was looked down by a damned tortoise?
“Old Tortoise. Today, I want to drink a Chinese softshell tortoise soup! Nutritious!” Jiang Chen licked his lips, making the beast angrier.
“D*mned human. You’ll die an honourable death. I love human meat. It’s a delicacy. I’ve not tasted it for a hundred years. Hehe.” The Green Jade Profound Tortoise shook its head and retaliated.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2306 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2307


I got too excited and forgot…
Jiang Chen only had his eyes on the Green Jade Profound Tortoise while clashing against one the beast, again and again. The beast dared not to take Jiang Chen’s blade head-on. At this moment, Jiang Chen was pinning down the beast, allowing Tang Zhen to act more freely. The two beasts were pretty strong, especially their defensive abilities. For someone like Tang Zhen who was also at the Late True God Realm, he could not do anything against them.
“Motherf*cker. I refused to believe that I cannot break this clam’s shell,” Tang Zhen said while clenching his teeth as he unleashed his full strength.
He launched a barrage of piercing spear strikes on the Heavenly River Female Clam. But the beast did not feel anything, it chose to be silent and passively defended the attack, which angered Tang Zhen. Because no matter what he did, he could not break its defence. Now, he was anticipating Jiang Chen to break the shell of this bastard. After that, both of them could threaten the clam together.
“Brother Jiang, can you break this bastard open?” Tang Zhen shouted.
“Rest assured. This beast is no match for me.” Jiang Chen replied confidently.
“Very well. You’ll handle this bastard.”
“Watch me shatter this bastard’s shell. Haha.” Jiang Chen laughed as he waved his sharp blade.
The Green Jade Profound Tortoise was angered.
“Dammit. Stop calling me a bastard!” The Green Jade Profound Tortoise roared.
He hated it the most when others called him a bastard. He’s a Profound Tortoise, a bloodline that was infinitely near a Divine Beast. To be called a bastard… Frustrating!
“Alright. Bastard.” Jiang Chen lightly smiled.
The Green Jade Profound Tortoise was thoroughly angered and continuously tackled Jiang Chen with its explosive strength. Its sturdy, rock hard shell was not something that could be easily broken by anyone else.
Jiang Chen used his Heavenly Dragon Sword to attack, and the blade vibrated from the backlash. His arm felt numb after he was sent reeling from it. Obviously, Jiang Chen was at a disadvantage, this Green Jade Profound Tortoise managed to pressure him.
“Brother Jiang, you alright?” Tang Zhen shouted.
“I’m fine, relax. This bastard cannot do anything to me.” Jiang Chen’s eyes squinted. Looks like he has to show some of his cards.
He had never used the Sword of Solitude after managing to learn it. This was his strongest sword technique. Let’s see whether this Green Jade Profound Tortoise could withstand the Sword of Solitude!
“You can’t break my defence. Stop dreaming. Unless it’s an attack from a Divine King expert. Not even a Peak Heavenly God could cut open my defence!” The Green Jade Profound Tortoise sneered.
“Let’s see whether your shell is tougher or my sword is sharper.” Jiang Chen sneered and the Heavenly Dragon Sword shot up towards the sky.
“Sword of Solitude, I am the sword intent!”
Jiang Chen suddenly entered into a profound state and the whole sky trembled, as if the heavens and earth were weeping.
The sword intent of solitude, cutting down on the mortal realm from the void.
“What a powerful sword intent!” Tang Zhen said solemnly.
At this moment, his eyes squinted. He had never thought that Jiang Chen could unleash such a powerful technique.
“Pretty powerful. But it’s useless in front of me!” The Green Jade Profound Tortoise shouted.
“Incomplete Heaven, shattered earth, Styx River Divine Armour!”
The shell of the Green Jade Profound Tortoise was suddenly engulfed by a terrifying energy barrier. That energy barrier completely covered up its whole shell and body. This technique was able to boost the Green Jade Profound Tortoise defensive abilities to the maximum.
Nevertheless, Jiang Chen’s sword intent was not to be trifled with. Plus, it was not the Heavenly Dragon Sword that cuts down from above, but the Sword of Solitude.
Jiang Chen suddenly opened his eyes and the sword intent came down. The sturdiest shield and sharpest blade had finally clashed. Who will come out victorious?
Jiang Chen was unfazed. Currently, the Green Jade Profound Tortoise was also looking straight at Jiang Chen.
Unfortunately for Jiang Chen, it seemed that his blade was not able to cut through the Green Jade Profound Tortoise’s Styx River Divine Armour. At this moment, Tang Zhen silently sighed in his heart.
Looks like Jiang Chen is still not strong enough. Or that fella’s defensive abilities are just too overpowered. Can it not be broken?
“In the end, we still lost?” Tang Zhen frowned.
Jiang Chen’s sword intent returned to the void. At this moment, Jiang Chen was knocked backwards, and suffered a minor injury. The counterforce of the Green Jade Profound Tortoise was not something easy for Jiang Chen to deal with.
*Puuuu…*
But at this moment, the situation suddenly changed. The Green Jade Profound Tortoise coughed out blood and dyed the large part of the lake red, it was terrifying.
Jiang Chen and Tang Zhen carefully looked at the Green Jade Profound Tortoise. It’s shell started to crack from within. Even though it did not look like it was severely injured, its shell was still shattered from the inside. It must have suffered a lethal injury.
“Such terrifying sword intent.” Tang Zhen nodded and looked at Jiang Chen.
That blade was exceptionally dominating. Only the Green Jade Profound Tortoise knew how powerful the sword was because the Sword of Solitude managed to crack its defence from within.
Jiang Chen silently breathed out a sigh of relief from his heart. The Sword of Solitude was indeed powerful. That sword intent helped him in breaking the Green Jade Profound Tortoise defence. At first, he was a bit doubtful. But the beast could not hide its injury. Jiang Chen finally felt confident from this result. This blade had thoroughly broken the beast’s confidence.
“Old Tortoise!” The Heavenly River Female Clam roared and instantly leapt towards the Green Jade Profound Tortoise, and pulled the tortoise down towards the lake.
The Heavenly River Female Clam knew that the Green Jade Profound Tortoise was gravely injured. Now, knowing that she could not face Jiang Chen and Tang Zhen alone, the only option left for her was to hide. As long as they hide under the lake these two humans will not be able to trouble them.
After the disappearance of the Heavenly River Female Clam and Green Jade Profound Tortoise, the lake became silent and no ripples could be seen anymore.
“Why didn’t you stop the Heavenly River Female Clam?” Jiang Chen coughed once and asked.
“I… I got too excited and forgot about it.” Tang Zhen replied awkwardly.
Because he did not expect that the Heavenly River Female Clam would rush towards the tortoise and run away together.
“So, what now? They have thoroughly submerged into the bottom of the lake. Are we going to dive into the lake? We may not be able to defeat the Heavenly River Female Clam underwater,” Jiang Chen said seriously.
It was a pity that Tang Zhen let that opportunity go.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2307 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2308


Pagoda Suppressing the River Demon
“Don’t forget that I’m a Clear Stream Sect disciple. My sect is famous for amphibious battle. Let’s see how powerful this Heavenly River Female Clam is!” Tang Zhen’s expression became extremely serious.
He was the main reason why the Heavenly River Female Clam got away. If he didn’t let go of that opportunity… but it doesn’t matter now.
“Alright. I shall wait for your good news.” Jiang Chen folded his arms on his chest and smiled.
Tang Zhen jumped into the lake with a solemn expression as he searched for the Heavenly River Female Clam. Luckily the lake was only ten li (5,000 meters) big. If the lake was as big as an ocean, then no matter how talented or powerful Tang Zhen was, it would be impossible for him to find where the Heavenly River Female Clam is.
“Tang Zhen, you better not disappoint me. The Green Jade Profound Tortoise was already disabled. If you can’t even deal with a Heavenly River Female Clam, you would truly disappoint me.” Jiang Chen stared at the quiet lake with a serious expression, anticipating Tang Zhen to give him a perfect answer.
Tang Zhen entered the lake and quickly found the location of the Heavenly River Female Clam. However, the beast was very powerful underwater. Even if Tang Zhen managed to get close to it, he still couldn’t do anything. The clam just opened and closed its mouth, and water waves spread from its body. Not even the amphibious Tang Zhen could do anything against it.
“Dammit! How could this Heavenly River Female Clam be so strong?!” Tang Zhen was feeling depressed.
At this moment, he unleashed everything he had but he was still unable to land a hit. The clam did not want to fight him, and only used its water abilities. The result, however, was satisfactory as Tang Zhen was unable to do a single thing to it.
Tang Zhen did not give up, however. Moreover, how could he face Jiang Chen if he were to go up now? As one of the grand guardians of the Clear Stream Sect, how could he fail in such a manner? He cannot even deal with a single clam. He would’ve wasted Jiang Chen’s effort in dealing a lethal blow to the Green Jade Profound Tortoise. It was Tang Zhen’s biggest mistake to allow the clam to run away.
“No can do. This one must catch you today. ” Tang Zhen clenched his teeth and dove further.
Yet, every time he closed in onto the Heavenly River Female Clam, he was pushed away by the latter every single time. Currently, Tang Zhen was like a fatty that could not utilise his strength, unable to get a single thing done.
In the end, Tang Zhen finally came out of the water. No matter how he provoked the Heavenly River Female Clam, he could not do anything to it. The beast could not be fooled to fight him head-on. In the end, Tang Zhen could only come up by himself.
“Motherf*cking hell. That pair of bastard shells. This is frustrating!” Tang Zhen clenched his teeth as he cursed.
Jiang Chen too sighed. As the result was clear, Tang Zhen could not do anything to it. The enemy refused to be fooled and they could not do a single thing underwater.
“I’m out of ideas. Brother Jiang. I owe you one in this matter.” Tang Zhen was out of options.
He could only lose his face as he told Jiang Chen.
“Nevermind. This is what I was worried about. I fear that those two will go back into the water and not come out. We can’t do anything against them if they were to do so.”
Jiang Chen and Tang Zhen knew this fact. Unfortunately, Tang Zhen was too excited earlier and forgot to stop the Heavenly River Female Clam which led to this result.
“No matter what, it was my fault to begin with. I made you lose the Green Jade Profound Tortoise. I am responsible for all of this.” Tang Zhen was not one to push responsibilities away.
Moreover, it was really his fault. Jiang Chen was surprised by his attitude. The grand guardian of the Clear Stream Sect should be a powerful and influential person. A prodigious disciple in the whole Linhe Boundary. He should be a prideful man. But now, it looked like this person was worthy of respect, his modesty had influenced Jiang Chen.
“No matter. I did not mean to blame you. Plus, it’s not like we’re out of options.” Jiang Chen squinted his eyes and looked at the quiet lake. He had a bold idea.
Tang Zhen suddenly became invigorated and his expression became happy as he looked at Jiang Chen and asked:
“You have other ideas?”
“I dare not guarantee it, but let’s just try it. It’s better than giving up. Since that Green Jade Profound Tortoise has been heavily injured by me.” Jiang Chen smiled.
“Are you great underwater? Can you fight underwater?” Tang Zhen asked.
“Nope. But we can turn the lake into land.” Jiang Chen smiled.
“Brother Jiang, are you…nuts? This is a lake, how could it suddenly become a land. Don’t joke with me.” Tang Zhen smiled bitterly. This fella is starting to spout some nonsense.
“Observe.” Jiang Chen smiled.
This Tang Zhen is not taking me seriously. Looks like I have to show him what ‘shocking’ means.
Jiang Chen took a step forward with the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda. A bright light shone and the water of the lake started pouring into the pagoda instantly. At this moment, Tang Zhen was thoroughly dumbfounded. He saw a golden pagoda sucking in the water of the lake, including the fishes that reside within it. In just mere seconds, the water level of the lake decreased by ten metres.
“This… this is terrifying! What kind of treasure is that? To be able to do such a feat.” Tang Zhen couldn’t help but swallow his saliva with a solemn expression.
The pagoda in Jiang Chen’s hand did not undergo any major changes, it was just laying quietly on his palm while sucking in all the water of the lake. This overthrew every logic Tang Zhen knew. It was truly unbelievable.
“Jiang Chen. The only people that I am thoroughly convinced are my big brother and second brother. But looks like you’re the third person now. I’ve truly gained new knowledge. This Pagoda suppressing the River Demon has truly opened up my eyes.” Tang Zhen murmured.
Two minutes later, the whole lake became almost dried up, leaving only a hundred meters deep water as the water level could not decrease anymore. At this moment, Jiang Chen and Tang Zhen flew up to the air and saw the Heavenly River Female Clam. Of course, that included the Green Jade Profound Tortoise, that was without any strength left to fight back.
“Hahaha. Never thought about it, right?! You will not get away from us!” Tang Zhen laughed loudly and rushed towards the Heavenly River Female Clam with his spear.
Jiang Chen’s ‘not so great looking pagoda’ managed to suck in the water of the lake until it almost dried up.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2308 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2309


What can the Heavens do about me?
Tang Zhen’s mental shock was shown all over his face.
*Ahhh!!!*  Heavenly River Female Clam yelled.
She became weaker as she had lost the support of the lake. Meanwhile, the Green Jade Profound Tortoise was also on its last legs.
“Currently, you are not my match.” Tang Zhen said disdainfully as he pierced with his spear.
The Heavenly River Female Clam was slowly losing her consciousness from the attacks.
Finally, Tang Zhen managed to show what he’s worth after Jiang Chen helped him, and they were able to take down the Heavenly River Female Clam and Green Jade Profound Tortoise.
“Even though a Divine Tortoise has a long lifespan, it still died in such a manner.” Jiang Chen sighed as he grasped the Green Jade Profound Tortoise.
This Green Jade Profound Tortoise could be forged into an exceptionally great defensive armour that not even a Heavenly God expert could do anything against, and not even a Divine King could shatter it.
“Such a domineering divine pagoda, it truly made me feel envious.” A loud shout could be heard.
Jiang Chen frowned and looked at the source of the voice. Two handsome youths slowly came towards their location.
“Big Brother, Second Brother. Haha. You guys are just in time. Allow me to introduce my friend, this is Jiang Chen. It is all thanks to Brother Jiang that I am able to get the Heavenly River Female Clam and the Water Repelling Spirit Pearl.” Tang Zhen said with a loud laugh.
“Who doesn’t know the person who even disregarded the people of the Divine Pill Sect? Haha, Jiang Chen. I am the second great guardian of the Clear Stream Sect, Wu Rufeng.” Wu Rufeng squinted his eyes and nodded.
“A prodigy. Fantastic.” Xuanyuan Canglan said with a smile. His identity was as clear as day.
Jiang Chen’s expression was calm and he only gave a faint smile. But without speaking any further, these two were clearly strong. One could see a faint hint of dominance in their eyes, obviously not as easy going as Tang Zhen.
“Both of you are over exaggerating. You guys are the true future leaders of the Linhe Boundary. I am but a small character that has nothing worth mentioning. Hehe.” Jiang Chen shook his head.
“How can you be a nobody, you even went against the people of the Divine Pill Sect? Hehe. Younger Brother Jiang’s pagoda is truly powerful. Can you let me borrow it and have a look? ” Xuanyuan Canglan smiled.
Tang Zhen’s expression changed.
“Big Brother. What is the meaning of this?”
“Just taking a quick glance, what’s the problem? I think Younger Brother Jiang will not mind. If he’s this stingy about it, then it just means that third brother has befriended a ‘not-so-great’ friend.” Wu Rufeng shrugged.
“In the end, you’re eyeing on my pagoda, huh?” Jiang Chen’s eyes became slightly cold as he said disdainfully.
“Eh? Let’s not simply jump into conclusion. It’s not like everybody is born to be bad. Could it be that you won’t allow us to have a look? Looks like Younger Brother Jiang does not regard us brothers as friends.” Wu Rufeng said.
“Such a dirty excuse, on the surface it looks justifiable. But in fact, it is dirty to the core. Brother Tang, looks like your brothers do not like me. I shall take my leave now.”
“Big Brother, Second Brother, what are you guys doing? Why are you guys being so forceful? What about me?” Tang Zhen shouted.
“Leaving so soon? Hehe. I feel like something is still missing. Leave the pagoda behind and you can leave in one piece.” Xuanyuan Canglan said.
“Big Brother!” Tang Zhen roared furiously.
“Third Brother, you’re still too young. Second Brother, look after him. I don’t want him to cause further trouble.” Xuanyuan Canglan frowned.
Wu Rufeng had already pinned Tang Zhen down, not allowing the latter to do anything funny.
“You guys are now robbing me in broad daylight? Hahaha. ” Jiang Chen laughed in a ridiculing manner.
These two fellas are different from Tang Zhen. Coveting my Ancestral Dragon Pagoda and in such a shameless manner too. 
“Since you’ve put it like this… Looks like you understand what’s happening. Let it go. You’re unqualified for that item. It’s still not too late to surrender. You’ve helped my third brother, so I will not kill you for this. ” Xuanyuan Canglan said as if he was benevolent.
“I feel ashamed for you guys. Haih. Although you two are disciples of Clear Stream Sect, you guys are that shameless. I will not give it to you. If you want it, come and get it through my dead body.” Jiang Chen sneered.
“You’re overconfident. You think your Half-Step True God cultivation realm could get away from me?” Xuanyuan Canglan laughed as he shook his head, finding Jiang Chen’s words were exceptionally funny.
“Without even trying… how would you know what the result would be?” Jiang Chen looked at Xuanyuan Canglan proudly.
At this moment, he will have to risk his life and fight.
“Big Brother, you cannot be treacherous. You must not! You’ve been my role model since long ago.” Tang Zhen looked at Xuanyuan Canglan as if his eyes were going to pop out.
Since he was young, Xuanyuan Canglan had been his role model, whether it was in terms of cultivation, or how to be a proper man, etc. But at this moment, his perfect invincible big brother was doing something preposterous. To think he wanted Jiang Chen to leave his pagoda behind. This was something he had never thought of no matter what.
“I have nothing to do with him. The one who is treacherous is not me.” Xuanyuan Canglan said with a pale smile.
Tang Zhen was slightly stunned as his expression became bitter and sad.
Yeah… Big Brother is right… he’s not the one who is treacherous but it is I. Tang Zhen felt conflicted. He finally knew the meaning of the saying: ‘A human’s heart is vicious’. His most respected Big Brother had forgotten about his dreams and vengeance. Absolutely treacherous.
“Third Brother why are you so stubborn? Big Brother is doing this for the sake of our sect. This lad is not strong but his combat strength is exceptional. Plus, he is exceptionally great in the art of alchemy. He’s very hard to deal with. That pagoda on his hands is mysterious too. We’re just asking it to have a look and you see how he’s reacting to it? Should we beg with our knees? Hehe.” Wu Rufeng said as he pushed the responsibilities to Jiang Chen.
“Third Brother, you’ll understand some things in the future. You’re too naive.” Xuanyuan Canglan shouted.
For Tang Zhen, those words were like thunder that resounded in his mind. At this moment, the image of that invincible and perfect brother was beginning to shatter piece by piece.
“I’m sorry, Brother Jiang! I’ve put you in danger.” Tang Zhen shouted, his eyes were filled with regret and hatred.
Jiang Chen was unfazed.
“Some people are fated to be born for the sake of the Heavens. Some are fated to never understand what emotion or affection means. For these people, they are more suited to be called living corpses. I will not compromise even towards the very end. Clear Stream Sect, so what? Linhe Boundary, so what? I refuse to acknowledge you all, what can the Heavens do about me? Hahaha.”
Jiang Chen looked at the sky proudly, without fear, and was filled with dominance, as he stood proudly.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2309 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2310


Chapter 2310
Heavenly God Realm Giant Python
“Surprisingly, though he’s weak, he has guts. Haha.” Wu Rufeng said with a giant laugh while looking at Jiang Chen with disdain.
From his point of view, this fella is courting death. Everything would’ve been great if he just handed over the item quietly. He’ll have to pay for his life for an inanimate item. Until the moment before his death, only then will he finally understand that it is not worth it.
“You people shall never understand the meaning of guts.”
Wu Rufen was disdainful towards Jiang Chen. Jiang Chen too never considered him as an equal. Jiang Chen knew that he had no chance of running away now, he could only fight with his life on the line. As long as the enemy was not at the Heavenly God Realm, then he will have a chance for sure.
“You’re hard-headed for sure. But being stubborn does not mean you’re going to leave with your life. From what I said before, I will not kill you because of what you’ve done for Tang Zhen. But it’s a pity that you’re stubborn, sometimes, you need to know when to give up, only by giving up you’ll gain something.” Xuanyuan Canglan said as if he was giving Jiang Chen a lecture in life.
“I feel disgusted hearing it from you. Why don’t you give out something from your side? As the Buddha says, losing something means something is gained, something gained means losing something.”
Xuanyuan Canglan sneered. At this moment, Xuanyuan Canglan does not want to talk any further.
“Then, we’ll have to use your last resort. Second Brother, kill him.” Xuanyuan Canglan said as if he had given Jiang Chen a death sentence.
Wu Rufeng slightly nodded. At this moment, Tang Zhen’s pupil constricted and his expression changed because he could not do anything as he was pinned by his Second Brother.
“Alright. There’s no need for Big Brother to act for such trash. Haha.” Wu Rufeng held his blade in his hand and slowly moved towards Jiang Chen.
“Let’s see whether you’re as the rumours say, having three heads and six arms.”
Wu Rufeng said and then rushed towards Jiang Chen with his superior speed. A Peak Late True God was three levels higher than Jiang Chen. At this moment, Jiang Chen’s expression became extremely serious. Without hesitation, he unleashed his Dragon Transformation and used his Heavenly Dragon Sword to defend against Wu Rufeng. Unfortunately, he could not completely defend against the barrage of attack as the gap between them was too big. The speed and strength behind both of them were completely different.
“Interesting. Looks like you’re truly capable, to be able to keep up with me as a Half-Step True God. Those disciples other than from the ten great sects are truly incapable if they’re compared with you. But it’s a pity, hmph hmph, people like you die every other day.”
Wu Rufeng waved his powerful sword techniques. Both of them clashed continuously with Jiang Chen at a disadvantage. He did not find an opportunity to counterattack.
“Motherf*cker!” Jiang Chen threw his arm and the 12 Fire God Guards instantly surrounded Wu Rufeng. Now, he could finally stand on-par against Wu Rufeng.
“This fella… looks like he’s not all talk. To think he could force Rufeng to use the Bright Moon Sword Technique. Exceptional, these twelve flame puppets are even stronger than him.” Xuanyuan Canglan murmured.
“Bright Moon Sword Technique!” Wu Rufeng’s swordplay reached the supreme heaven with vigour.
Jiang Chen would’ve been pushed back if it weren’t for his Heavenly Dragon Sword.
Jiang Chen was calm as he had the twelve flame puppets helping him. He entered a profound state as he kept on retreating as he battled on. Wu Rufeng could not catch him. With the help of the Great Divination Art, he managed to slightly see-through Wu Rufeng’s swordplay, making him more unflustered.
But he dared not to be careless. This Wu Rufeng was the strongest he had faced until now. Peak Late True God and his big brother must be in a similar realm who was surely much harder to deal with.
“Good lad, you’re finally worth being serious for. You should be proud even if you die.” Wu Rufeng became serious.
Jiang Chen’s cards made him pretty shocked. Twelve flame puppets with a unique technique, it looked like Jiang Chen was able to analyse his Bright Moon Sword Technique, which cut down the efficiency of his sword technique as he was unable to land a lethal strike on Jiang Chen.
“Bright moon on the sky, invincible sword under the heavens!”
Wu Rufeng’s giant blade swept across his enemy. The twelve puppets blocked his attack, but the puppets were not in a great state after taking on his attack as they staggered backwards.
Jiang Chen felt an invisible pressure from Wu Rufeng’s giant blade. Even after the Great Divination Art analysing the enemy’s sword technique, he still could not completely mitigate this attack.
“Solitude, sleeplessness to solve a thousand worries!” Jiang Chen once again unleashed the Sword of Solitude.
This time, Wu Rufeng’s expression changed drastically. Jiang Chen’s sword surpassed even time and space. Wu Rufeng could not do anything against the attack as it closed in. He was forced backwards after taking on the blow. If it weren’t for the difference in their cultivation realm, he would’ve lost the battle there and then.
Xuanyuan Canglan was slightly shocked. This fella’s sword intent is pretty terrifying. That sweeping solitude sword intent gave him a tinge sense of danger. But that was all, the difference between them was not something that could be overcome by a sword intent.
“Good lad, this is getting more and more surprising.” Wu Rufeng shouted.
The Bright Moon Sword Technique was his famous unique skill. Only one person was able to break his sword technique in the whole Clear Stream Sect, or even in the whole Linhe Boundary—that was his big brother standing behind him.
Wu Rufeng erupted a terrifying sword move and swept it towards Jiang Chen. At this moment, the twelve flame puppets felt powerless and were continuously pushed back by Wu Rufeng. Jiang Chen used the Azure Dragon’s Five Steps and unleashed the Five Elements Battle Dragon Seal and Slaughter Dragon Seal to stop Wu Rufeng’s track, yet to no avail.
The riverbed was cut apart and collapsed from Wu Rufeng’s technique.
“Ancestral Dragon Pagoda suppress my enemy!” Jiang Chen shouted.
The Ancestral Dragon Pagoda instantly shone with bright light and clashed against Wu Rufeng’s giant blade. The pagoda was unmoved and Wu Rufeng was gasping for air due to the sudden appearance of the pagoda.
“Such domineering pagoda. I want it.” Xuanyuan Canglan’s eyes became cold.
At this moment, Wu Rufeng was suppressed by the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda as he could not unleash his full strength. But Jiang Chen was spending a vast number of divine origin energy to control the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda. This was not an efficient solution.
In the meanwhile, Xuanyuan Canglan was preparing to act. At this moment, Jiang Chen’s eyes were filled with anger. These two shameless fellows!
Roar!
Roar!
Several ear-piercing roars erupted. Jiang Chen looked back as he saw three giant pythons come out from the bottom of the lake.
Jiang Chen sucked the lake dry and the three giant pythons had already shown one part of their tail. But could have guessed that it was three giant pythons. A hundred Zhang tall pythons. The moment Wu Rufeng cut apart the riverbed, the beast finally showed its whole body. The beast was originally hibernating but was unexpectedly disturbed by Wu Rufeng. As the beast roared and came out from its slumber.
At that moment, Wu Rufeng, Jiang Chen and Xuanyuan Canglan showed an expression full of shock
A roar coming from the beast made everyone’s expression change.
“This is a Heavenly God Realm Giant Python, run!” Xuanyuan Canglan roared.
At this moment, his overbearing attitude and arrogance were useless. Because if he acted any slower, he would’ve been devoured by the beast whole.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2310 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2311


Country Bumpkin
Jiang Chen’s expression changed as he quickly ran away. At this moment, he did not care about anything else. Plus, it was a once in a lifetime opportunity, he was originally worried about Xuanyuan Canglan and Wu Rufeng attacking him together but it looks like it was a needless worry.
Xuanyuan Canglan and the others were extremely fast and they started their retreat.
“Jiang Chen!” Tang Zhen’s eyes almost popped out as he was pulled away by Wu Rufeng.
The trio ran away from the place at maximum speed. The pythons’ voices were exceptionally loud, the soundwave could easily kill off any person.
Tang Zhen wanted to go save Jiang Chen but he could not do anything about it. Because the beast had locked off all exits and Jiang Chen was probably dead.
A hundred Li away from the site, Xuanyuan Canglan and Wu Rufeng finally breathed out a sigh of relief after successfully escaping an extremely dangerous situation. If they ever get locked on by that beast, they would surely be dead.
“Big Brother, Second Brother. You have truly disappointed me.” Tang Zhen murmured with a sad expression.
As the third grand guardian of the Clear Stream Sect to be this distressed. But what saddened him the most was his brothers… as they appeared to be completely different from his perfect image towards them.
“Third Brother, you have to grow up. This world is not as great as you think. You think you’re a good guy, but in actual fact, you’re a weakling. To differentiate between good or bad is how you think. There is no such thing as good guys and bad guys. Only experts and weaklings. ” Xuanyuan Canglan said.
“Then, you guys can just force others to do your bidding? Moreover, Jiang Chen helped me. How can I face him after this? How?!” Tang Zhen suddenly stopped. Face him? Can I even see him? Right now, god knows whether Jiang Chen is alive in this world. Those beasts can cause such devastation, could Jiang Chen get away from those beasts? 
“He should be dead. Those three phytons… Hehe. It’s scary just by thinking about it. Pity, god knows where we can find that pagoda now.” Wu Rufeng sighed.
“Let’s search for it some time later. If those beasts are still there, then we’ll have no chance to get it.” Xuanyuan Canglan said.
“Third Brother, you better buckle up. It is impossible for a human to be enslaved by feelings alone. Only true experts have the qualification to stand at the top.” Xuanyuan Canglan strongly tapped Tang Zhen’s shoulder and leaves.
Jiang Chen looked at the three Heavenly God Realm pythons with a calm expression. It was impossible for anyone to stop him if he wanted to leave now.
“What are you looking at? Three bumpkins trying to fight me?” Jiang Chen roared.
“Puny human. I declare that you’re dead.” The leading phyton said.
“F*ck you. Who do you think you are? You think I’m afraid of you? Keep dreaming. I’m leaving now.” Jiang Chen harrumphed and he then instantly vanished.
The three  pythons looked at each other with a blank expression. They completely lost track of the human’s trail.
“Where did he go?”
“I didn’t see it.”
“You’re asking me, who do I ask? Did he go through the void?”
“He’s just a Half-Step True God, how could it be?”
“That little bastard. He was cursing at us before he disappeared.”
“F*ck. Find him even if we have to dig the whole place out.”
The three pythons discussed with one another but they could not find where Jiang Chen was hiding. As for where did he go? They’ll never know.
Three minutes later, the three pythons started devastating the area. The whole ten li riverbed was turned upside down. Yet they still couldn’t find Jiang Chen and in the end, they let it be.
Jiang Chen was sitting in the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda calmly. The pagoda changed into a tiny dust particle that was floating in the void. At the moment, he was happily looking at the three giant angry beasts destroying and devastating the area.
“Where is this place? Why do I feel like I’m being locked up.”
The Fire Qilin suddenly appeared. He jumped down from Jiang Chen’s shoulder with a dumbfounded look as he surveyed his surroundings. Plus, they could see what’s happening in the outside world.
“This is inside my Ancestral Dragon Pagoda. Why? Shocked?” Jiang Chen said with disdain.
The Fire Qilin did not act and only came out until I’m safe. What do you call this? 
“Oh. Something’s not right… holy sh*t! The flow of time here is not right, it’s moving slower than outside, by a large margin to boot. It’s 30 times slower from the outside world. Holy crap. Is this a Time Divine Tool?” The Fire Qilin couldn’t control his excitement.
“Quiet down. What are you shouting at? Country bumpkin, that is bad-manners. Where the hell are you when I’m getting my ass kicked.”  Jiang Chen said with extreme dissatisfaction.
“Let me tell you, I have the strength to beat that guy. But if I have to fight every single time, what will you do? Wouldn’t you become a canary that’s getting protected? Then what is there for you to get from this trial? But worry not, I will not stand aside when your life is in a crisis that you cannot face.” Fire Qilin said in a serious manner.
“Ok. You’re right. You passed.” Jiang Chen said and waved his hand.
He understood that. But this fella’s attitude was what made him angry. He was truly in danger earlier although he’s still far away from being close to death.
“Tell me. Is this a Time Divine Tool?” The Fire Qilin became excited once again as he talked about the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda.
A Time Divine Tool signifies the peak of the whole Divine World. Even the best of the best of the Divine World wants their very own Time Divine Tool. It was extremely precious that even God Emperor would be tempted.
“To be precise, it’s not a Time Divine Tool.”
“What is that?” Fire Qilin anxiously asked.
“It’s a Space-Time Divine Tool.”
The Fire Qilin took a deep breath. Yeah… it’s a giant Space-Time Divine Tool. This is my first time hearing it. Isn’t this huge? A Space-Time Divine Tool… 
“The flow of time is slower by 30 times here. Meaning, you’ll have to train for 30 days outside and you’ll only need a day here? Isn’t this pure gain?” The Fire Qilin was extremely excited and he even danced a little.
He never thought Jiang Chen could possess such a divine item, it was truly shocking.
“Bah, ignorance is bliss. Look at your pitiful face. Can’t you act proper?” Jiang Chen scolded Fire Qilin.
The Fire Qilin wasn’t angered but said in a serious manner:
“Can I train here next time?”
“You sure you want to be here?” Jiang Chen asked.
The Fire Qilin’s head was like a little woodpecker as he continuously nodded.
“Alright, it’s settled then, from now on, you’ll train on the 33rd floor.” Jiang Chen said.
“Don’t call me without anything serious. Hehe.” Fire Qilin giggled as he fell into bliss thinking about the slower flow of time.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2311 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2312


Chapter 2312
Luo River’s Divine Tortoise—God Luo’s Scripture!
Jiang Chen shook his head while smiling as he entered the next level. He took out the Green Jade Profound Tortoise that was thoroughly dead. Nevertheless, its shell was as sturdy as ever.
Jiang Chen looked at the flesh and blood of the Green Jade Profound Tortoise and suddenly thought of a medicinal pill. Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pill! This pill requires the flesh and blood of the tortoise and some ‘not-so-rare’ ingredients to make it. The most important ingredient was the flesh and blood, an irreplaceable ingredient.
“Let’s try and see what grade will come out of this.”
Jiang Chen took out the Myriad Qi Cauldron, which was the most important factor when it comes to pill concoction. The Myriad Qi Cauldron was able to concoct pills and refine tools. It was truly a likeable tool. Plus, the pills concocted from the Myriad Qi Cauldron were better than others.
“Leonurus Japonicus, Lingzhi Mushroom, Blood Sunflower, Needle Flower Heart, and lastly, the flesh and blood of the Green Jade Profound Tortoise. Let’s see how many will come out of these.”
Jiang Chen’s lips curved up with hopeful eyes, because he did not know what grade will the finished product of the Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pill be.
He was controlling the flame of the Five Elemental True Fire and poured in the medicinal ingredients, and then continuously refined them as they merged with the flesh and blood of the Green Jade Profound Tortoise.
Seconds and minutes passed by, his heart was filled with extreme anticipation. And finally, a day and a night later, the Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pill was finally concocted.
The process took this long because of Jiang Chen’s attention to detail and quality. On the other hand, this particular pill needed to be mild and fresh, he cannot do it too fast. Lastly, this batch of medicinal pill was more than his usual by a large margin.
“Open!” Jiang Chen ‘s eyes lit up.
The batch of Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pills came out from the cauldron, the thick smell of medicinal fragrance burst out from within. A total of 97 pills, and each and every one of them were of Immortal Grade. Jiang Chen did not expect that he’ll succeed so quickly. Moreover to achieve such a grade, even though it was the lowest immortal grade it was still great, isn’t it?
Jiang Chen took a deep breath. But he knew it was all thanks to the Myriad Qi Cauldron that he was able to concoct immortal grade pills. At best, these pills would’ve been at the peak of supreme grade if he didn’t use the cauldron.
“Beautiful, truly beautiful.”
Jiang Chen put all the pills away with excitement. These pills could help those below the Hierarch Realm to extend their lives span for 50 years. Plus, the pill could also help Jiang Chen recover his strength in a short amount of time. However, it’ll be too luxurious to use it just to recover one’s strength.
Jiang Chen took out the shell of the tortoise. This time, he wanted to forge a supreme grade divine tool, a body armour that could defend against a Divine King expert’s attack, it was truly exciting.
“It’s all on you now, old bastard (referring to the tortoise). Haha.” Jiang Chen laughed as he used the Five Elemental True Fire to melt the shell of the Green Jade Profound Tortoise.
Jiang Chen was working on the shell for three days and three nights without rest just to melt the shell but to no avail. At this moment, he was somewhat pissed. How is this bastard’s shell so sturdy? Not even the Five Elemental True Fire could melt it? Truly, the bloodline of one of the four great divine beasts that possess the best defensive abilities.
He realized that it wasn’t because the Five Elemental True Fire was weak but the tortoise was much more powerful. Plus, he could feel the shell getting softer, the shell could be melted but god knows how long it’ll take and he doesn’t have the time to do so.
“I refuse to believe it.” Jiang Chen once again used the Five Elemental True Fire.
Three more days passed and a part of the Green Jade Profound Tortoise’s shell has finally melted, but it was just a tiny part. It was extremely hard to thoroughly melt it down.
“Right! Red Lotus! She could definitely melt this Green Jade Profound Tortoise’s shell.” Jiang Chen’s eyes lit up and murmured.
“Red Lotus, Red Lotus, Red Lotus!”
Jiang Chen kept on calling for Red Lotus, about a dozen times, and only then did Red Lotus come out from the Myriad Qi Cauldron, albeit lazily.
“Didn’t I tell you not to disturb me without anything important?”
Red Lotus looked at Jiang Chen with her fiery eyes.
“I do not have a choice. I have a problem, this Green Jade Profound Tortoise’s shell cannot be melted, hence, can you help me just this once? Red Lotus. ” Jiang Chen pleaded
“Remember. I am only helping you this one time. Do not bother me in the future, unless you’ve reached the Peak of Heavenly God Realm.” Red Lotus said.
Red Lotus unleashed the Karmic Fire of the Red Lotus as preparation to melt the Green Jade Profound Tortoise. But then she suddenly concentrated her gaze on the shell and her face was plastered with shock.
“Tell me, how did you get this Green Jade Profound Tortoise?”
“I got it in this Secret Hidden Realm. Why? Is anything different about this Green Jade Profound Tortoise?” Jiang Chen frowned.
“This is the Luo River Divine Tortoise. There’s ⅛ of the God Luo Scripture on its back. Quickly, copy it down.” Red Lotus said anxiously.
Even though Jiang Chen did not know what was happening, he still followed Red Lotus’s instruction.
“This Luo River Divine Tortoise, does it have any relationship with the God Luo Clan?” Jiang Chen asked.
“Yes. The God Luo Scripture is the greatest heavenly scripture of the God Luo Clan. It was said to be the first divine scripture since the ancient era of the three worlds. It could refine the heavenly astral, search the extreme earth, and calculate the changes of the three worlds and six Daos of reincarnation. You tell me, is the God Luo Scripture powerful?” Red Lotus said seriously.
She paused for a second and continued: “There’s a legend in the God Luo Clan: A dragon comes out from the Luo water, with the river Scripture on its back. That’s the God Luo Scripture. This scripture is said to be on an old tortoise’s back, which is the God Luo Clan’s old ancestor. But it was separated into eight parts, becoming the greatest and biggest mystery in this world. If one managed to collect all eight parts of the scripture, then one will be able to interfere with the heavenly astral and go straight towards the top of the world!”
“How do you know that this is the God Luo Scripture? ” Jiang Chen was mentally shocked.
To think that this God Luo Clan is such a powerful clan. This God Luo Scripture must be an extremely powerful scripture.
“Because father used to have a copy of the God Luo Scripture but was stolen by that bastard.” Red Lotus said while gritting her teeth, and her expression turned gloomy.
Jiang Chen’s expression became extremely solemn. That person… without Red Lotus saying the name, he too knew who he was. But his current strength was still far too weak. In the future, he will certainly seek for him. Because he knew how deep Red Lotus’s anger was. How could he not know how terrifying that scripture was, and it will certainly be useful to further develop his relationship with the God Luo Clan. At this moment, Jiang Chen murmured in his heart.
“This God Luo Scripture is extremely precious. You better keep it safe. It may prove useful in the future. ”
“Alright!”
Jiang Chen replied seriously as he copied down the part of the God Luo Scripture.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2312 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2313


Profound Heavenly Armour—Success
‘A dragon shall come out from Luo waters with the river scripture on its back!’ These words continuously resounded in Jiang Chen’s mind. This God Luo Scripture must be a very sought after treasure in the Divine World.
Even though Jiang Chen did not know what this treasure meant, at least it was a secret that the unparalleled Hierarch Realm Refining King Craftsman God guarded with his life. Moreover, Craftsman God was someone on the level of an unrivalled Divine Emperor and God Emperor. One could see the greatness and importance of the God Luo Scripture.
Unfortunately, Jiang Chen had no idea of what this God Luo’s Scripture might be.
Right now, his concern was to forge a divine tool, a body armour. But currently, he could not do it, he had to place his hope on Red Lotus because he could not melt the shell alone.
“That… Red Lotus, can you melt the Green Jade Profound Tortoise shell for me now?” Jiang Chen smiled.
Red Lotus looked at him and said, “Just this time and no more.”
Jiang Chen was happy that Red Lotus was willing to help. He could save a lot of time and energy now. Most importantly, the Karmic Fire of the Red Lotus could melt anything under the heavens, including this shell. The shell of the Green Jade Profound Tortoise was melted in less than an hour with Red Lotus’s help.
“Thanks, Red Lotus”
“Don’t be so intimate, you’re still a stranger to me,” said Red Lotus coldly, and disappeared into the void and entered the Myriad Qi Cauldron.
Jiang Chen shook his head and smiled bitterly. This fella is not easy to converse with. She wouldn’t have helped if I didn’t beg her and with the God Luo’s Scripture being there. 
Jiang Chen did not think further and started forging his divine tool with a hammer. He continued to forge his divine tool in the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda for a whole month, continuously. However, only a day has passed on the outside world.
Even though the Heavenly Dragon Battle Armour had great defensive abilities and it grew along with him, and was considered to be a peerless treasure, Jiang Chen did not want to keep using it as it may attract more trouble for him. The Divine World was a cruel and cold world, as he continued to dwell in this place, he would meet people who were stronger than him more and more.
One shouldn’t simply show one’s treasure. If it was simply shown, then one would possibly get targeted and possibly killed. It was not a joke.
The Heavenly Dragon Battle Armour had great defensive abilities but it could also attract Heavenly Gods and Divine King experts. Hence, he could not simply use it. That’s why he wanted to use the shell of the tortoise to forge a body armour and it’ll certainly become useful. Plus, with two armours protecting him and the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda in his hands, he would become almost invincible.
A month of hard work did not go to waste as Jiang Chen successfully forged a body armour, it had a shiny green colour and could be fused with one’s body. He then used his Heavenly Dragon Sword and slashed it using 100% of his strength. The attack only left a tiny microscopic mark on the armor that he then immediately smoothened.
The green body armour was exceptionally sturdy due to Jiang Chen’s hard work. Moreover, he felt that even though this armour was just a peak divine tool, it’s performance was better than any average heavenly divine tool. After all, the shell of the tortoise was extremely sturdy which he had experienced firsthand.
“Let’s call it the Profound Heavenly Armour!”
Jiang Chen’s lips curved up into a pale smile. He was confident in this armour!
In this one month of time, his strength had also gained a great boost. He felt that he’s about to reach the True God Realm. Even though he was a Half-Step True God, he could still fight against some powerful experts, however, he still found it difficult to completely defeat them. Plus, the people outside are not any average joe, they’re the top prodigies of the whole Linhe Boundary, they’re not some easy cherries to be picked.
Hence, Jiang Chen somewhat felt that his abilities were lacking because he didn’t want to rely on outside force but his very own strength to win against these opponents.
In this very month, he was extremely harsh towards himself. As the inheritor of Craftsman God, he doesn’t have the qualification to show this identity towards the world because he was still too weak. He would attract insanely powerful people to come for him if he revealed his identity to the world. Hence, he needed to keep pushing forward and increase his strength.
Jiang Chen took five Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pills due to extreme fatigue.  These medicines were great tonics for him. But if anyone knew that he was taking these immortal grade pills like snacks, they would’ve coughed out blood and died from anger.
“Just a single step further!”
Jiang Chen’s eyes lit up. At this moment, he was just a step away from the True God Realm.
Countless dangers were laying in ambush in this Hidden Secret Realm. Countless prodigies have fallen prey into these dangers. Three months have passed in this dangerous realm, half of the participants have already become nutrients for this dangerous land. The ones that were left are the true and powerful experts. Those self-proclaimed experts usually get massacred by the devilish law of the Hidden Secret Realm.
On the extreme west of the realm, a large mountain range that was covered with tall cypress trees could be found. It’s a place where one could hear intermittent ear-piercing cries of the crows, a place that was filled with a deadly air.
Corpses and skeletons could be seen littered all over the mountain range. At this moment, a thirty man platoon could be seen slowly walking into the valley. With a dozen of them being heavily injured and terrified.
They’re in such a state because, not too long ago, they had just fought an Infernal Evil Dragon which resulted in a massacre of more than forty of their comrades and this was what’s left of them. They were moving back and forth in this mountain valley, not knowing when they were going to leave this terrifying place.
“I don’t want to die. This one has had enough of this f*cking place.” A person said with anger and hatred in his eyes.
“You think I want to die? This is just like a f*cking prison, a cage, where we are the food for those devils.”
Some of them were terrified to the core, and their mentality was slowly collapsing because for every single minute that passed, more and more people were dying a terrible death. This was not a trial, it was a massacre. A place that embodied the saying ‘Survival of the fittest’ to the best. Nobody could change the situation here, because people were dying all over the place.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2313 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2314


Chapter 2314
Life is worth less than the ants out there
“I can’t take it anymore. I’m going crazy. I will surely die if I stay here any longer.” A person was scratching his head and shouting continuously.
Unfortunately, it was pointless. In this dark and gloomy mountain range that was filled with chilly cold air, it’s just hell that the devils dwell and these humans are to be eaten and sucked dry.
Currently, the people of the Profound Feng Sect that were also in this gloomy mountain range were the inner sect’s great brother Pan Hong, Yang Jian and Bai Yunfei. Wang Chongyang and Man Shuai were separated from the team, and it’s unknown whether they’re still alive. People were getting scared in this Hidden Secret Realm and most of them had lost their abilities to defend themselves. Some of them had even given up and were waiting for the God of Death to take them away.
Countless experts, a dozen or so True God prodigies were dying here and there which caused the people to fear for their lives.
“We’ll surely be doomed if this continues on. Are we going to die here?” Bai Yunfei said with a tinge of despair in his eyes.
No news about Jiang Chen, Man Shuai and Wang Chongyang. Only the three of us are left from our sect. The others are all dead.
“Our fighting power is getting weaker and weaker. Plus, we do not know what dangers we might face ahead. As for Jiang Chen and the others, I hope they could escape with their lives. At least I pray they’re not like us, getting heavily injured after each encounter. The only capable battle strength left in this group are around 20-ish people, the others are already on their last legs.”
Pan Hong said with an ugly expression and a bitter smile. His body was covered with scars and bloody injuries.
“Senior Pan is right. We can only hope that we’ll not encounter any more foes that our current battle strength could not handle. That Infernal Evil Dragon has already surpassed the Heavenly God Realm. We only managed to barely run away with a large number of casualties. Our chance of leaving is getting smaller… This Hidden Secret Realm, in reality, is a frightening battlefield of hell. Life is worth less than the ants out here. ” Yang Jian sighed.
The powerful have their own weaknesses. In this westernmost region, they did not find any treasures. And although they made a coalition of seven sects, they were still left with thirty people, it’s most likely that they’ll face a terrible fate down the road. Staying put will 100% lead them to death. This realm was an extremely cruel place.
“I finally know why so many prodigies could not walk out from this hellish battlefield with their lives. Because only those unparalleled monsters that are able to withstand the trials of this hell and continue to mow down all their obstacles and become a true devil god could be qualified as the final winners.” Bai Yunfei sighed.
He knew that his life may very well end in this place because he knew what his abilities and talent were. Even though he may have gained quite a lot in this period, he still couldn’t reach the True God Realm. He was pretty talented yet not as much as those unparalleled prodigies.
Bai Yunfei knew how much he’s worth. Because currently, Yang Jian has reached the Peak Mid True God Realm and was now on-par with Pan Hong. Standing beside Yang Jian and Pan Hong, he felt like he was baggage to them.
The Profound Feng Sect was not a strong sect, in fact, they are one of the weakest if they’re compared against those powerful and wealthy sects. Their final hope was placed on Yang Jian and Pan Hong.
“I think that Jiang Chen fella will not die so easily,” Yang Jian said.
Even though that was just his guess, there was nothing wrong in hoping. After all, they have witnessed Jiang Chen’s strength with their eyes. Although whether Jiang Chen could get away from the dangers and come out victorious was something he had to face, alone. At least they were luckier than Jiang Chen.
“I also think that fella is exceptional. Let’s hope for the best.” Pan Hong said quietly.
*Roar~ Roar~*
At this moment, a loud roar was heard, everyone’s expression drastically changed.
Ear-splitting, heaven-shaking!
“It’s that Infernal Evil Dragon again. That damned dragon caught up.”
“F*ck. Is that true?! Didn’t we ditch it? How could this be?!”
“It’s useless to talk about that. Prepare to fight. This mountain range is that beast’s territory. It’s impossible for us to run away.”
“You’re right. We’ll have to make our last stand.”
Everyone was roused. The people that favoured battle amounted to a dozen or so and those that were scared chose to be silent because they just wanted to continue running. But could running away solve anything?
The answer was no.
They’d just be regarded as prey that was constantly being hunted if they continued running. Only heartless slaughter awaited them if they continued running. They may possibly grab a hold of that lifeline if they stand up and fight.
“Are you guys mad? That Infernal Evil Dragon had already killed many of us, have you guys forgotten? Trying to be a hero now? You want to bring us all down?”
“Yeah. We’ll only die if we stop running. Even though that dragon is injured, it’s still a Heavenly God beast, how could we possibly face it?”
“I don’t care. I don’t want to be eaten by that beast alive. I’m not doing it!”
Seven or eight people ran away crazily at this moment. Unfortunately, while running away, they were swallowed by another giant beast, a beast that was a few hundred zhang tall. It then slowly stood up and covered up the sky with its giant figure. Everyone was getting scared for their lives as they witnessed that scene.
“What beast is that? Terrifying. The people of the Flying Tiger Sect and Gold Money Sect have been swallowed by that giant monster!”
Everyone held their breath. A hundred-ish zhang giant pangolin that was on-par with the Infernal Evil Dragon stood up on the other side. This had become their nightmare.
“It’s a Divine Pangolin! This is my first time seeing one. I’ve only seen them in the records. It’s an ancient beast and the weakest among them are at the Heavenly God Realm. Why is it here?! ” Someone said with a pale expression as he continued to stagger backwards.
Their hearts felt like it was hammered by a giant hammer. Enemies from both sides, the twenty-ish of them had nowhere to run now.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2314 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2315


The God of Death’s Advent
They were stuck without a place to run. The others that were preparing to run were already swallowed whole by the giant pangolin.
The remaining ones were terrified. They kept on moving backwards but there was nowhere to run, being cornered in between two powerful beasts. It was an unimaginable danger that they could not handle no matter what.
“I think our end is near.”
“Looks like we’re not making it through this day. That Divine Pangolin is likely even stronger than the Infernal Evil Dragon.”
“Yeah. What should we do? Are we just going to sit here to wait for our death?”
“Heavenly God Realm. None of us has reached the Heavenly God Realm. Only six of us are Late True Gods. The remaining ones are either Early or Mid True God. This battle will thoroughly end us.”
Each and every one of their eyes were filled with terror as they kept backing off and grouping up together. In the end, the twenty plus of them were grouped up in a tight spot.
*Roar!!!* *Roar!!!*
The Infernal Evil Dragon’s roars were getting closer. A dim light could be seen from the faraway sky, a giant black dragon was flying towards the group. It’s roar was as if it was the most terrifying voice they had heard, each of their souls became extremely weak and fragile at this instant.
Bai Yunfei, Yang Jian and Pan Hong included. Facing the giant black dragon, they could only look up and silently looked at it while they quietly hid in a quiet corner of the mountain range, hoping that the Infernal Evil Dragon will not spot them. But it was in fact impossible, the keen sense of the Infernal Evil Dragon has already spotted them long ago.
“This is my territory, Infernal Evil Dragon are you trying to pick a fight with me?”
The Divine Pangolin was like a mountain. The Infernal Evil Dragon felt small compared to the Divine Pangolin. The pangolin’s voice wasn’t loud but it still made Yang Jian and the others feel wobbly from its voice. Just a single step from the pangolin could make the whole earth tremble.
The Infernal Evil Dragon circled the sky, it’s majestic dragon eyes looked down proudly, and it then coldly said:
“I’m only here to catch some rats. Are you trying to stop me?”
“Trespassers are killed on sight! Don’t you understand? A few human rats? I’ve eaten some of them. Pity they couldn’t even fill the gap in my teeth. Come and challenge me if you think you’re capable,” the Divine Pangolin challenged with its powerful and explosive voice.
Nobody dared to look down on this Divine Pangolin as it was obviously stronger than the Infernal Evil Dragon.
“Do not think that I will not dare do so! Pangolin, I’ve lost my dragon eggs. Do you think I’m joking now? I’ll still fight you to death even if I’m heavily injured,” the Infernal Evil Dragon shouted.
At this moment, the Divine Pangolin became silent. The dragon clan regards their offspring extremely important. Hence, the pangolin knew that the Infernal Evil Dragon wasn’t joking.
“Looks like you’re getting trashier as time goes on. Your very own eggs are even stolen by these puny humans. Hehe, this is a joke. F*ck off immediately after killing these humans,” the Divine Pangolin said coldly with a taunting feel in its speech.
But it was obviously giving face to this Infernal Evil Dragon.
Even though the Infernal Evil Dragon was slightly angered, it knew that some things were best taken without a fuss. Otherwise, it would not benefit if they fought. It had less than 50% chance of winning against the pangolin in its prime, and it’ll be worse now since it was injured.
“But, I have a condition,” the Divine Pangolin said indifferently.
“Speak, if it’s anything that I can fulfil, I, Infernal Evil Dragon, shall not refuse.”
The dragon knew that the pangolin won’t be that kind.
“The spirit water of the Holy Mountain, as an exchange for your son. It should be worth it, right? ”
The Infernal Evil Dragon gritted its teeth and said, “What?! You want my share of spirit water?!”
“With your current condition now. Do you think you have what it takes to continue in the battle of the Holy Mountain?”
Obviously, the Divine Pangolin was no simple fool.
“Alright! I agree to your terms.” The Infernal Evil Dragon shouted.
It also knew that the pangolin was right. Two more months left until the barrier of the Holy Mountain disappears. The Infernal Evil Dragon won’t be able to reach its peak by that time, hence it could only quietly accept the condition now. At this moment, the Infernal Evil Dragon was left with no other choice. Because if this pangolin wanted to fight, the dragon wouldn’t know what to do next.
“That’s right. Hehe. I wish you luck. I’m going back to sleep. Yawn, I’m so sleepy.” The Divine Pangolin laid back and became one with the mountain. They could not see the difference between the beast and the mountain.
At this moment, Yang Jian and the others were thoroughly panicking. They could hear the conversation between the Infernal Evil Dragon and Divine Pangolin. Now that the Divine Pangolin has been lobbied then the Infernal Evil Dragon could do whatever it wanted on them, without restraint.
“Motherf*cker?! Why didn’t I know that someone stole its eggs? Who is it?”
“I thought, why did the Infernal Evil Dragon keep chasing us. It’s because one of use stole its egg. F*cking hell!”
“Who is it?! Come out! F*cker, you‘ve doomed me.”
People were cursing on and off. But none stood out.
“I’m sorry, everyone. I am the great disciple of the Impermanence Sect, Liang Kuanping. This dragon egg… Haih, I never thought I’ll cause such great trouble.”
Originally, Bai Yunfei took a step forward but then quickly retracted. But this little step was caught by Yang Jian.
“So, you too had stolen a dragon egg.” Yang Jian said quietly as he glared at Bai Yunfei, but it’s too late now to say anything.
“Even if I come out and admit my mistake, it won’t matter at all.” Bai Yunfei replied with a shrug.
He did not regret it. Even if they do not meet the Infernal Evil Dragon, they’ll meet other kinds of beasts, like the Divine Pangolin. God knows how many types of super beasts are in this Hidden Secret Realm. Each of which could easily kill them off.
“Brother Liang, you have really dug a deep hole for all of us.”
“Yeah. It’s too late now. Let’s fight to the end.”
“It’s all Liang Kuanping’s fault that we’re going to die a graveless death. Let’s hand him over to the Infernal Evil Dragon. The Infernal Evil Dragon may possibly even let us go.” Somebody suggested.
At this moment, the Infernal Evil Dragon had rushed towards while kicking up a bunch of dust and roaring thunderously.
“Lord Dragon. We’ll hand over the egg thief, will you please let us go?”
“You bastard! Do you think that evil dragon will let us go even if we hand over the culprit? Are you trying to provoke alienation at this crucial moment?”
“Yeah. Only death awaits us if we don’t stick together. Who’s able to face that evil dragon?! ”
At this moment, internal strife erupted, death was fated to befall them.
“Each and every one of you must die, all of you deserved to die.”
The Infernal Evil Dragon roared furiously.
The dragon swept its giant tail, wind pressure that was sharp as a blade flew towards them. Hundred-meter trees that were in the path were cut apart. Yang Jian and the others quickly retreated. At this moment, the God of Death was upon them.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2315 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2316


Death Proclamation
Everyone held their breath. It was useless to blame anyone at this point because the Infernal Evil Dragon’s attack was inching towards them. They would certainly die if no one was able to block it. Life and death hang by a single thread!
The powerful air pressure created by the swing of the dragon’s tail immediately swept eight of them. Yang Jian, holding his Three-edged Spear,* looked at Pan Hong and with another four of them, they rushed forward to intercept the beast. Even though they managed to block this wave of attack but they were still at a disadvantage.
“Fight with your full strength. Otherwise, death awaits you!” The Divine Spear Sect’s prodigy, Leng Lingyi, shouted.
He was the strongest within the group. A Late True God Realm prodigy and his sect was the top 20 superpower sect in the region, just slightly weaker than the Heavenly Star Sect. This time, he was in the front, because if he could not take on the attack of the Infernal Evil Dragon, the result would be disastrous.
“Brother Leng! We’re depending on you now.” Pan Hong looked at Leng Lingyi.
The remaining others attacked the Infernal Evil Dragon. Yang Jian’s Three-edged Spear kept on hitting the thick scale of the dragon, but the defensive capabilities of a Heavenly God beast were too powerful. Even though the dragon was barraged with attacks from different angles, not much injuries could be seen on its scales.
“Unleash your full strength. At least we won’t regret it even if we lost!” Leng Lingyi roared as he pierced with his long spear, creating ear-piercing shockwaves as countless spear shadows stabbed onto the dragon with extreme vigour!
“A bunch of ants trying to fight against your superior? You overestimate yourselves!” The Infernal Evil Dragon sneered and roared.
It then turned around, pushing three people away by its giant and powerful body. Even the powerful Leng Lingyi was thrown back for several thousand meters before he could steady his stance in a distressed manner on the sky.
“Continue fighting or else we won’t stand a chance.” Bai Yunfei sighed.
At this moment, only a dozen or so of them are left and they dare not to dawdle. Even though they may not contribute much to the battle, at least they did something. Every one of them fought hard to escape the Infernal Evil Dragon. It was their final chance, if they failed, they would have to say goodbye to their friends, families and fellow disciples.
The Infernal Evil Dragon was extremely powerful. It used its giant body to ram on those tall ancient trees. It was a shocking scene. Each and every one of them was pushing their very best to fight this powerful dragon.
Unfortunately, their strength as humans was limited, compared to those demonic beasts that were born and obtained energies from the heaven and earth. The humans were far too lacking. The Infernal Evil Dragon couldn’t be stopped as it continued to flatten the mountains. Five have fallen from the original 23 people group. They fought until the very end, they fought a glorious battle but in the end, they still couldn’t run away from the fate that was called death.
“We’re not its match. Even though the Infernal Evil Dragon was heavily injured from our previous clash, we also suffered major casualties. Our current fighting force could not withstand that big beast.” Pan Hong said while gritting his teeth as his injuries weren’t light.
The strongest among them, Leng Lingyi, was also out of ideas who was forced into a passive stance, too. At this moment, the Infernal Evil Dragon was already controlling their fate, whether they die or live.
“We still need to fight. Until the very last moment!” Leng Lingyi said as he stood in the sky.
At this moment, his fighting spirit was burning like a raging flame. Pan Hong and Yang Jian did not want to lose spirit either. Every one of them felt the scent of death was creeping towards them. The God of Death was already standing right in front of them, but what can they do about it?
There wasn’t a chance for them to silently run away, might as well fight towards the end, gloriously. At this moment, nobody blamed the thief anymore because this may have been their fate all along. In this Secret Hidden Realm, challenges and trials are found everywhere. One could only obtain honour and glory after getting through it without dying. If one were to die, that means that was their worth.
Bai Yunfei’s eyes glimpsed through a hint of despair. At this moment, he hoped that Jiang Chen could appear now and save him. But that was just a dream. After all, Jiang Chen almost died from the previous clash and obtained a lethal injury. With the talent and strength he had, he knew that it was impossible for him to live any longer.
“Yunfei!”
Yang Jian looked at Bai Yunfei. The latter’s eyes were now filled with calmness because he had accepted whatever may come. Since he did not have any control for what it may come, why bother vexing about it?
“This dragon egg… if you managed to live through this, pass it to Jiang Chen for me. I owe him one.” Bai Yunfei said with a smile as he took out the dragon egg from his storage ring and gave it to Yang Jian.
Initially, if Yang Jian chose not to challenge Yan Cheng, then he too did not have the qualification to participate in this journey because he was not Yan Cheng’s match.
But he still managed to come. This was Bai Yunfei’s persistence and dream. He did not want to let go of any chance that may push him towards the top. He had talent but it’s a pity that the timing was wrong and he was weak. It was not something that could be controlled by anybody.
If Jiang Chen chose to challenge him, then he may have stayed in the Profound Feng Sect, quietly and in the safety of the sect until he got old. But that was not something he wanted.
Yang Jian was feeling somewhat sad as he took the storage ring. Unfortunately, the reality was always cruel. Bai Yunfei does not have the strength to protect himself and the others do not have the ability to ensure the safety of others because they too were in a very deep sh*t. This Infernal Evil Dragon was absolutely terrifying.
Each and every time the Secret Hidden Realm opens, the participants were taught with blood and the threat of death. Countless prodigies entered the realm and they turned towards the comfort of death. The continous trials and experience they faced was cruel and cold, nobody could change it.
“Final battle, those who fight shall become heroes!” Yang Jian roared as he took up his Three-edged Spear and flew towards the Infernal Evil Dragon with heightened battle intent.
Leng Lingyi and the others too felt motivated and went for the last hurrah.
“Go to hell!”
The battlefield was a mess. The Infernal Evil Dragon’s giant maw spew out flames that spread across the field. The whole mountain range was now covered by raging hot flames.
“This time. I fear… it’s impossible for us to leave.” Bai Yunfei smiled bitterly whilst wearing a face of despair.
The surrounding raging flame was the Infernal Evil Dragon’s fire essence. Even though it was not as scary as the Five Elemental True Fire, it still made Bai Yunfei and the others scared.
As the raging flame wrecked havoc, the Infernal Evil Dragon laughed loudly. The beast’s laugh was like a final death proclamation toward Yang Jian and his group.
*Three-edged Spear
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2316 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2317


Chapter 2317
Seeing somebody in danger but doing nothing to help
“To think there are people here. This is a surprise,” Wu Rufeng said indifferently while looking at the thousand li fire that was created by the Infernal Evil Dragon.
Thick smokes were created as the raging fire rose up towards the sky. They were attracted to the commotion.
“Big Brother. So what now?” Wu Rufeng looked at Xuanyuan Canglan and asked quietly.
“Are we going to save them? Or not?”
“Save them? How do we save them? Not even six months have passed. What if we got heavily injured, our abilities exposed or forced into a hopeless situation while saving those ants. Do you think we still have a chance to become a true conqueror by then? ” Xuanyuan Canglan said indifferently.
“But, those are our human prodigy disciples. Are we just going to watch them get slaughtered by those beasts?” Tang Zhen felt somewhat conflicted and said while gritting his teeth.
Unfortunately, he could not do anything to help too. He could not save them alone because he couldn’t face that Infernal Evil Dragon alone.
“A bunch of ants, what is there to pity if they’re dead.” Xuanyuan Canglan said.
“It’s the Clear Stream Sect’s three Grand Guardians.” Yang Jian’s eyes lit up.
At this moment, they felt like they could see a shred of hope! The Clear Stream Sect’s three Grand Guardians. If without any accidents, they ought to be the strongest group in this whole Hidden Secret Realm. They have become their last straw of hope.
“It really is the Clear Stream Sect’s three Grand Guardians!” Leng Lingyi shouted with a hint of excitement in his eyes.
If the Clear Stream Sect’s three Grand Guardians were willing to help, then they may possibly get out of this alive. However, it might be impossible for the three of them to defeat this injured Heavenly God beast.
Even though they have not met each other before, Yang Jian and Leng Lingyi believed that they would certainly help them.
“Clear Stream Sect’s three Grand Guardians. I am Leng Lingyi of the Divine Spear Sect. I plead the three of you to help us! We shall not forget this gratitude and be forever grateful.” Leng Lingyi’s voice reached the whole mountain range. But Xuanyuan Canglan was unfazed.
Read more chapter on NovelFull
“Life and death, success and failure are decided by the heavens. Perhaps this is their fate. We do not have the time for this.” Wu Rufeng sneered.
His words felt like a lightning bolt crashing down on Yang Jian and the others. Their final straw of hope dares not to help them. They conceitedly thought the Clear Stream Sect’s three Grand Guardians would help them but in the end, they got heartlessly ridiculed. It was ironic. The final spark of flame within their heart was thoroughly extinguished.
“They are heartless!” Bai Yunfei roared angrily.
The flame had already engulfed them, leaving only eight of them alive and the numbers were still dwindling.
At this moment, the Infernal Evil Dragon stopped spewing out flames because it knew that if those three humans joined in the battle, then it’ll certainly threaten him. But if so… they’ll have to pay a price too. They better hope they know what they’re doing.
“Heartless? Hahaha. Is it worth a single penny? The moment we enter this realm, you all should know that your lives are not yours to be controlled anymore. A bunch of trash, ants, not even worthy of pity if you guys are dead.” Wu Rufeng said with cruel eyes.
But at this moment, Tang Zhen became hesitant. His brothers were completely different while they were in the sect, with great morality. They became extremely cruel and heartless now. He even had to betray Jiang Chen who had helped him and become a treacherous person. Could this be ‘humanity’ as what they said? Tang Zhen was not a fragile flower being brought up in a greenhouse. He too knew what was important. But they clearly could’ve helped these people. Yet his brothers chose to be a cold and heartless observer. That’s all.
The nature of men was now shown without a filter. Yang Jian, Pan Hong, Leng Lingyi, Bai Yunfei and the others fell into despair. The Clear Stream Sect’s three Grand Guardians had shattered their final shred of hope.
Especially Bai Yunfei as the raging flame was already inching towards his body. He did not have the strength to defend against the Infernal Evil Dragon’s flame essence.
“Big Brother, Second Brother!”
Tang Zhen shouted.
“Shut up. This is not the place for you to interrupt. You should know what our final mission is. This place is also dangerous for us. Are you able to bear the responsibility if we fail? Leave!” Xuanyuan Canglan harrumphed and turned towards his back and left.
Wu Rufeng gave Tang Zhen a good stare and followed Xuanyuan Canglan.
With the Clear Stream Sect’s three Grand Guardians leaving, this helped the Infernal Evil Dragon to finish the job and push Yang Jian, Leng Lingyi and the others into total despair.
Bai Yunfei was slowly being engulfed by the raging flame. His eyes were filled with unacceptance and rage. But death was his only option. He did not hate Jiang Chen even though the latter did not challenge him, which gave him the chance to come here which was his dream.
If he did not come to this place, he may have enjoyed his life without a worry in the Profound Feng Sect. But that will separate himself from the term ‘prodigy’ and become an average cultivator. He had no regrets in dying now. Because he died trying to reach a higher place. If he had to die in a secluded place like the Profound Feng Sect, then it shall become a great dagger that will stab in his heart for the rest of his life. Bai Yunfei looked at the dark sky and his lips curved into a pale smile, his expression was calm as he jumped into the sea of fire. The mortal body dies and Dao falls, everything goes back into nothingness!
“No……” Yang Jian murmured.
He was pretty close with Bai Yunfei. As brothers of the outer sect, they fought countless battles together. It was saddening for him to watch his friend and fellow brother die in that sea of flame. Yet he could do nothing to stop it. Because that sky-piercing flame was also creeping towards the rest of them.
“Let this flame be fierier, be more violent! Hahaha,” the Infernal Evil Dragon sneered as he moved his body and poured his energy into the flame.
In the end, Yang Jian and the others were feeling more stressed. It became much more impossible to run away now.
The Clear Stream Sect’s three Grand Guardians did not even look back and left heartlessly. At this moment, their final hope had shattered. But they could not blame anyone else. Pan Hong knew it too. Although, if the Clear Stream Sect’s three Grand Guardians were to help them, they may yet to lose. He could only blame his weakness. This Hidden Secret Realm shall become their final farewell.
Bai Yunfei’s death had become eternal. The only ones left in the Profound Feng Sect are Yang Jian and Pan Hong now. As Jiang Chen, Wang Chongyang and Man Shuai could not be contacted.
Battles are cruel and heartless. The Hidden Secret Realm was also a terrifying place. Some of them were engulfed by the flame with pride and un-acceptance. The ear-piercing death throes caused the heart of others to tremble.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2317 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2318


Chapter 2318
Unpredictable, with ulterior motives
“Kakaka…. looks like there are people trapped over there. Looks like a few great specimens for my puppets. ” A feminine voice said.
On the sky, five figures appeared, all of them were Peak True Gods. Behind those five was a 15-year old-ish looking black-robed youth who was at the Peak Late True God Realm.
The youth’s forehead had two horns. He’s a pretty handsome youth that had a pair of blood-red pupils, and he gave off a harmless feel to others, but he was in fact, the leader of those five.
“These four are not bad, keep them as ghost slaves.” The youth said indifferently.
He was one of the Ghost Eye Sect’s twin princes, Li Yan! A Half-Step Heavenly God.
“Alright!” The five of them nodded and instantly joined into the battle to fight against the Infernal Evil Dragon.
“Are we saved?” Pan Hong looked at the sudden appearance of the five people that helped them fight against the Infernal Evil Dragon.
“It’s the Ghost Eye Sect! Li Yan!” Leng Lingyi shouted.
He never thought the honourable, virtuous Clear Stream Sect’s three Grand Guardians would run away. Yet the cold-hearted, murderous Ghost Eye Sect would help them. The affairs of humans are truly unpredictable.
“To think there are still people trying to stop me. Hehe. Cocky fools, die!” The Infernal Evil Dragon spewed out its evil flame towards the five Ghost Eye Sect disciples and Yang Jian’s group.
In the meanwhile, Li Yan unleashed a black great seal that covered the sky and the flame.
“Such a terrifying seal!”
The Infernal Evil Dragon quickly retreated after the clash. The seal then attacked the beast after it extinguished the flame. Li Yan then launched three more seals towards the Infernal Evil Dragon, causing the dragon to falter and retreat.
The Infernal Evil Dragon, while suppressing its anger, said, “Puny humans, are you guys going to be a busybody?”
Read more chapter on NovelFull
As it was forced back thrice by this dark great seal, the beast knew that this battle would not be easy to win now.
“Those who stand against my path shall die!” Li Yan said with extreme arrogance.
He did not back off even though he was facing the Infernal Evil Dragon.
The Infernal Evil Dragon was furious. But at this moment, it was somewhat feeling fearful towards the youth’s black great seal.
“If I were at my peak… would you guys dare to come at me?!” The Infernal Evil Dragon shouted.
“That is ‘if’ you’re at your peak. If you want to fight, let’s fight. This seal is forged by 9,999 souls. It’s called the Heaven Upheaval Ghost Seal. I don’t mind fighting if you want to try it.” Li Yan smiled, it was a serious smile. The Infernal Evil Dragon was faltering against the red-eyed youth.
“Good, good, good! This old dragon shall remember this day! Wait and see! The day when you all die shall be the day when I recover my strength,” the Infernal Evil Dragon roared and unwillingly left.
The thousand li flame became smoke and slowly died out at this moment.
Yang Jian and the others breathed out a sigh of relief and said, “Many thanks to the Ghost Eye Sect’s Prince Li Yan. Truly grateful.”
Li Yan frowned and said, “Only four of you guys? The others died? Many have fallen.”
“Seventy plus of us died. Only four of us are left. I am Leng Lingyi of the Divine Spear Sect. These two are from the Profound Feng Sect, Yang Jian and Pan Hong. That is the Impermanence Sect’s great disciple, Liang Kuanping.” Leng Lingyi greeted them.
They were all injured and were saved by the people of the Ghost Eye Sect by luck. How could they not be grateful?
“You guys are pretty lucky. I bet that evil dragon must’ve been angered and it chased you guys down to this place. It’s not easy to make a dragon pursue you all for such a long time. Plus, that dragon looks like it was injured by you guys.” Li Yan lightly smiled and the four of them felt somewhat weird about it.
“It’s me. I stole it’s dragon egg and caused such things to happen. I am the cause of it. This dragon egg shall be a gift to you, brother Li Yan.” Liang Kuanping said with a tinge of unwillingness in his eyes.
But without the help of Li Yan, they would’ve died and this egg would’ve been useless. Plus, he feared that the dragon would come seeking for him again in the future, it’ll be a great risk for him to keep the egg. He had to give it out even though he was unwilling. In fact, this was to preserve his own life, he had no choice.
Li Yan’s eyes shone. He was drooling for the egg. But to think Liang Kuanping would be this obedient and hand it over to him without a fuss, this saved him quite a bit of trouble to obtain it.
“Alright. Then, I will not reject it.”
Li Yan took the dragon egg immediately. The energy that was contained in the egg could compensate up to several tens of thousands of High-Grade Divine Origin Stones and more. This would certainly go up to a high price if this were to be auctioned.
“Obviously. Hehe. A great item will find its use in the hands of a great person.” Liang Kuanping said with a smile. This ‘ass-kissing’ was on point.
“Do you know why I saved you guys?” Li Yan kept the dragon egg away and suddenly said as he looked at Yang Jian, Leng Lingyi and the others.
“Brother Li Yan’s great benevolence could never be repaid and will be forever remembered in our hearts.” Leng Lingyi said.
“Really? Hehe, I don’t think so. I saved you all. You guys have to do something in return, right?” Li Yan’s words made Leng Lingyi and the others slightly stunned.
“If there is any request, we will not reject it. Brother Li Yan, please tell us.” Pan Hong said solemnly.
Since he has saved their lives, they will certainly do anything whatever that may be.
“Alright. Since fellow brothers are such virtuous people. Then I will not hold back. My Puppet Formations still lacks four puppets. Hehe, what do you guys think? Are you willing to help me? ”
Yang Jian and the others’ expression drastically changed after hearing Li Yan’s words. They unconsciously took two steps back and Li Yan’s gaze became much colder.
“You came prepared.” Leng Lingyi’s gaze instantly became cold.
Li Yan’s words were extremely obvious. He wanted to make them his puppets.
“Keep dreaming. It is impossible!” Yang Jian shouted.
He would’ve rather been killed by the Infernal Evil Dragon if he was going to be made to become a puppet.
“We will fight towards the end even if it means our death.” Pan Hong said while clenching his teeth.
Li Yan’s eyes became cold and said, “Is this how you should act? Didn’t you guys say that you will do whatever you’re asked? Hehe, not credible guys aren’t ya? I will still make you guys my puppet after saving you guys. Then, you will all be obedient. Hehehe.”
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2318 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2319


Reincarnated Datura
Yang Jian’s expression was getting colder by the second. This was not an issue of fulfilling any request asked by Li Yan but the latter had ulterior motives. Li Yan wanted their lives, he had never thought of saving them from the very beginning, they’re just tools to be used for him.
They knew that they could not do anything towards this prodigy. But they refuse to give up without fighting and be controlled by others. Especially the Ghost Eye Sect. Those who manage to enter the Hidden Secret Realm are prodigies, people who are prideful and arrogant. How could they accept becoming a puppet, and willingly to boot?
“You’re dreaming!” Liang Kuanping said furiously as his eyes became cold.
Unfortunately, he had already given the dragon egg to Li Yan. At this moment, he had lost the right to talk further.
“Really? Hehe. I don’t think so. Well… I saved you guys and you promised to do whatever I requested. How could you disappoint me? Relax, it’ll be comfortable. Being my puppets, that is. You will become the strongest puppets in this world.” Li Yan smiled with his feminine gaze.
These words were extremely sharp to the four. This meant that they are being pushed down into despair.
“You’re seeking your own death! You will certainly be attacked by the other sects when this goes out.” Pan Hong shouted.
“Go out? I have my ways to hide it after I go out. Hahaha. But now, you guys are my slaves that will assist me in battle! Great Soul Absorption Technique!” Li Yan roared and his eyes lit up with a blood-red colour.
Pan Hong and the other’s expression instantly changed, immediately retreating. However, they were too weak and heavily injured. They did not have any means to retaliate as they were surrounded by Li Yan and five others.
“No. I do not want to become a puppet. No……..”  Liang Kuanping roared in anger. But the four of them were slowly drowning in Li Yan’s Great Soul Absorption Technique……
These days, Jiang Chen spent his time walking alone in the darkness, killing countless beasts, even Peak True God beasts. As a result, he was now on the verge of breaking through to the True God Realm. He was just suppressing the energy within his body because the lightning tribulation was another trump card of his. As long as the opponent was not a Heavenly God, they will surely perish in the lightning tribulation.
Jiang Chen dared not to be arrogant when meeting a Heavenly God beast, he would turn away and run or even hide inside the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda. Heavenly God Realm beasts are not beings that he could face right now.
In this one month’s time, Jiang Chen’s body was covered with bruises and scars. Fortunately, he had the Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pills and had no worries on consuming it. Nevertheless, he didn’t consume those pills without really being in great danger. He wasn’t THAT wasteful as to take immortal grade pills as regular tonics. Since he only had 90+ of those in his inventory.
Jiang Chen squinted his eyes as he felt a bad premonition. At this moment, in front of him, there was a group of people. Over twenty people were surrounding a white-robed girl.
“I do not want to kill another person. Moreover, I don’t feel like killing a girl. Otherwise, you would’ve died by now.” A cold voice came from the green-robed youth.
A bunch of people were behind this youth who posse. The girl suffered quite an injury and was frowning.
As she was caught in a dangerous situation, the white-robed girl’s eyes became cold.
“You won’t be that eager to act if it wasn’t for the Reincarnated Datura. right?” The white-robed girl sneered with disdain,
“Well… you’re out of options, do you think that you could still escape today? I’ll give you one last chance, hand over the Reincarnated Datura and answer one question of mine. My brother. Is Jiang Chen the one who killed him? Or is it someone else?” The green-robed youth said indifferently.
Deep within the youth’s eyes was an undetectable ripple. He was none other than the prodigy of the Taichi Sect, Helian Wuji.
Whereas the white-robed girl was Lotus Cloud Sect, Xue Qianying, as beautiful and pure as ever.
“So what? Your brother’s death was his own undoing. If you want this Reincarnated Datura, you will have to go through my dead body first.” Xue Qianying said coldly.
She suffered major injuries after going into the forbidden place. But she successfully managed to increase her strength, yet there were still lingering repercussions left in her body. This Reincarnated Datura was extremely useful for her in completely curing her body.
Therefore, Xue Qianying used all of her strength and managed to get the Reincarnated Datura and got out from the encirclement of countless people. For the past 15 days, she was pursued by Helian Wuji’s group. Now, she was dead tired and could not run anymore. She killed a dozen or so men from his group, but the latter had the number advantage. She was alone and she was also injured while getting the Reincarnated Datura.
Helian Wuji and his gang were taking advantage of  Xue Qianying’s situation, making her feel lthat these people were despicable. But she also knew that moral values and virtue are useless in this place. Others may stab you in the back even when you’re virtuous and upstanding. That is human nature.
“Looks like you’ll do this until the end. You should know your body well, you think you still have hope of getting away?” Helian Wuji said indifferently.
His green hair moved alongside the wind, giving off a mysterious feel. Xue Qianying had no plans to surrender even at this moment. She will die an honourable death.
“You’re willing to help a stranger. I am quite impressed. But you will die soon and my next target shall be Jiang Chen. He too, will not get away from my grasp.”
“So much nonsense for what? Come and fight if that is your wish. I, Xue Qianying, shall accompany you until the end.” Xue Qianying pointed her blade towards Helian Wuji.
This battle was unavoidable.
“Brother Wuji, why talk so much with this b*tch? She killed many of our brothers. She needs to be torn into pieces.”
“That’s right. Brother Wuji. I request to fight her. We must get this demoness and avenge our brothers.”
“Everyone, attack her together. Do not give her any chance. This b*tch is crafty and cunning.”
“No need to hold back.” Helian Wuji said indifferently.
Over twenty people immediately surrounded Xue Qianying after Wuji gave the order. Her face was still cold, however, not even a frown could be seen on her face even though she was facing over 20 opponents.
“A bunch of ants. It’s not that easy to kill me.”
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2319 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2320


Chapter 2320
The pressure of instant killing
Even though Xue Qianying was facing 20 foes on her own and had an injury, she did not fall into a disadvantage, as she was a Late-True God. She evaded the barrage of arsenals that were thrown towards her and continuously struck those experts that dared to come close to her with ease.
Nevertheless, she was greatly outnumbered. She was losing momentum and injuries began to appear, and in the end, she backed away as she coughed out blood and her beautiful face began to pale. Obviously, she was not in a shape to continue fighting.
“Why bother trying to stop a train on its track? Now you should know what happens when you go against me.” Helian Wuji smiled and slightly shook his head.
But Xue Qianying’s beautiful cold face did not falter.
“I will fight until the very last moment.” Xue Qianying said, refusing to give up.
“Girls should take a rest.” Jiang Chen appeared behind Xue Qianying out of nowhere and grabbed her shoulder with a smile.
Xue Qianying looked at Jiang Chen in shock and her face began to blush. Because this fellow was holding onto her shoulder, tightly.
“Jiang Chen! Looks like I finally do not need to search for you.” Helian Wuji’s eyes slightly squinted.
The moment he saw Jiang Chen, his eyes began to lose its warmth and killing intent burst out from his body, very much stronger than before.
Jiang Chen was his target!
“It’s you?” Xue Qianying murmured quietly, slightly stunned.
“Yeah. Isn’t it great? The feeling of being a hero rescuing a princess.” Jiang Chen lightly smiled.
Xue Qianying was unfazed and chose to be silent.
Helian Wuji looked at Jiang Chen with disdain and said coldly, “A hero rescuing a princess? Hahaha, aren’t you an amusing one, Jiang Chen. Do you think you can leave here alive? Even a hero needs to know what his odds are. Since you’ve presented yourself to me, there’s no need for me to look for you everywhere now.”
This fella is not even a True God, what gave him the confidence to face me?
“Looks like you’re 100% sure of killing me. How can I lose face in front of such beauty? Aren’t you all shameful for ganging up against a weak lady here with so many men? I feel ashamed for you all.” Jiang Chen sighed as he looked at Helian Wuji, feeling ashamed for him.
“Weak lady? A dozen of us have been killed by her, does she qualify as a weak lady?” Somebody was unhappy with Jiang Chen’s statement and refuted it.
“Then it means that you guys are trash. To lose against a woman. Aren’t you guys shameless?” Jiang Chen mocked.
“You…… This fella really knows no bounds. A mere Void God dares to flaunt in front of us?! Wow! Heh heh. I’ll finish you first before finishing that b*tch. ”
A Peak Early True God expert instantly attacked Jiang Chen.
Seeing this, Jiang Chen just smiled and unleashed a slash. A bright flash could be seen and the next instant, the attacker’s head and body were separated from one another. A pool of blood puddled the ground and not a trickle of blood could be seen on the Heavenly Dragon Sword.
*Clamor!*
Everybody clamored. Even Xue Qianying was slightly stunned, and her cold and pretty face moved a little. Jiang Chen’s blade was too fast. She couldn’t see the trail of the blade and when did he attack. That single slash instantly killed a Ture God expert. From the perspective of Helian Wuji, the fella was great in hiding his strength. A Void God that could instantly kill a True God. This was his first time seeing it.
At least Helian Wuji was not able to do it. This fella… is he that strong? Helian Wuji could not believe it. Because even if he’s masterful in quick drawing, he may not be impenetrable.
“This fella… is he a demon? Anyone of you saw him draw his blade?”
“I did not see it…”
“I… did not see it too. This guy is a true demon. The one that died was one of the top three disciples of the Flying Feather Sect. He’s only a step away from the Mid True God Realm. To think he’s instantly killed.”
“I think Brother Wuji should handle this bastard.”
Many of them were shocked by Jiang Chen’s blade as they unconsciously took two steps back. Jiang Chen’s aura was too scary. Helian Wuji himself may not even reenact that feat of instantly killing a True God.
It wouldn’t be strange if Jiang Chen was a Heavenly God, but he was only a Void God. To instantly defeat an opponent stronger than him… this had caused a great ripple amongst them. They did not even have the courage to face him anymore.
Helian Wuji slightly squinted his eyes as he was impressed by Jiang Chen’s mental warfare. In the end, Jiang Chen’s cultivation level was weaker than him. But that strike was truly impressive.
“Are you going to face me based on that? Aren’t you a naive one… A Peak Void God. Hehe. This is truly eye-opening. Let me see how you’re going to defeat me.” Helian Wuji said.
“I will kill you to comfort my brother’s soul in heaven.”
“He’s already dead. As his brother, you still have the face to continue living? Shouldn’t you go down and accompany him? If I were you I wouldn’t have lived alone.” Jiang Chen said confidently.
“Sharp mouth. Enough of this banter. I shall kill you today. I shall let you know that I, Helian Wuji, am not one to be offended.” Helian Wuji roared furiously as he unleashed a powerful shockwave with his weapon.
His henchman quickly retreated when he went straight towards Jiang Chen. The powerful shockwave cut through the air and cut off Jiang Chen’s path of escape.
“Be careful…” Xue Qianying said quietly.
“Relax. I will never lose. Since this hero is here to save the princess. I should win this battle perfectly. I’ve already killed the younger brother, let’s finish off the older one, shall we?” Jiang Chen smirked with gentle eyes as he looked at Xue Qianying, asking her to back off.
Xue Qianying was flustered. This brat is shameless. Even though he killed Helian Wushuang, Helian Wuji is different. He’s the most powerful disciple in the Taichi Sect for the last hundred years. He’s even a born leader, he’s not easy to be dealt with.
Jiang Chen will face a difficult battle.
“I hope you will not disappoint me, hero.”
Xue Qianying, who had an unchanging expression, said. But her lips finally curved a little.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2320 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2321


Chapter 2321
Taichi Chart, Shaking the Universe
3rd of the week!
Do support us in Patreon if you are able to!
Xue Qianying’s eyes were staring at Jiang Chen without blinking. Of course, she hoped to see a perfectly astonishing battle. However, the winner at the end must be Jiang Chen, only then would the battle be considered as perfect.
Jiang Chen clashed with Helian Wuji with his Heavenly Dragon Sword. Everyone was stunned by this scene, especially by the terrifying sword qi that was not any weaker than Helian Wuji’s. One should know that there was a three realm gap between them. Being a Late True God, Helian Wuji was comparatively more advantageous when confronting Jiang Chen who was only a half-step true God.
“You are still too weak. Let’s see how long you would be able to withstand me.”
Helian Wuji’s strikes were extremely ruthless; each of his attacks were filled with killing intent. Jiang Chen had no choice but put in all of his effort in this battle. At this moment, he immediately used his dragon transformation. After transforming, Jiang Chen’s strength increased to Mid True God and the pressure he felt from Helian Wuji lessened. It was not only his domineeringness that had become ten times stronger, but also his strength.
With Jiang Chen’s irresistible mightiness, Helian Wuji finally felt a bit pressured.
It was out of his expectation that Jiang Chen could bring so much pressure to him despite being only a half step true God.
“This guy is monstrous. Is this still a combat strength of a Void God?”
“He’s too formidable. I feel that I might not be a match for him.” A Mid True God expert murmured.
“Seems like Helian Wuji could not make any mistake now when dealing with Jiang Chen.”
Countless people were watching the battle and were looking forward to the result. They were well aware of Jiang Chen’s dreadfulness and they even called him a peerless monster. They had never heard of a Void God that was able to withstand a strike of a True God.
“If a monster like him is not killed, he will definitely bring disaster to us in the future!”
Helian Wuji was extremely shocked. After Jiang Chen transformed into a dragon, his combat strength increased which brought great pressure to him.
“Taichi Blade wields with the wind. I am going to shatter the heavens!”
Helian Wuji’s Taichi Blade shattered the void, and made a heavy blow against Jiang Chen. However, under the suppression, Jiang Chen was not afraid at all and used his sword to overcome the attack. He never expected that Jiang Chen could resist his attack. Both of them were repulsed by the huge shock from the collision of their attack. Other experts, including Xue Qianying, who stayed on the spot took several steps backwards to avoid being hurt by their attacks.
“This guy has become even stronger now.”
Xue Qianying said in a low tone. When Jiang Chen fought Helian Wushuang, he did not have this kind of strength, otherwise, he would have killed Helian Wushuang easily without expending much effort. It was not too long ago. Xue Qianying was not sure if she could overcome Jiang Chen now if they were going to have a battle.
Helian Wuji sneered and said, “You are indeed very strong, but I am going to see if you will be able to make it until the end.”
He then kept sending out attack after attack to Jiang Chen, but Jiang Chen remained calm while defending.
“Then let’s see. I believe that you won’t be disappointed.”
Jiang Chen and Helian Wuji were fighting very fiercely, terrifying ripples of attacks erupted and shattered the surrounding plants and mountains into ashes.
In Helian Wuji’s opinion, Jiang Chen’s dragon transformation would only wane over time. However, one could see that Jiang Chen did not show any signs of being defeated even after a long time of fighting. Instead, he had become more and more fierce and stronger. This had really astonished Helian Wuji.
“Is this all you’ve got? Haha. If this is true, then I’m afraid that you are going to be under my control later.”
Jiang Chen sneered and said while looking at Helian Wuji with disdain.
“Since you think like that, I am going to fulfill your wish. Taichi Chart, shaking the seas in all directions and shattering the universe!”
Helian Wuji drew the Eight Trigrams, creating the Taichi Divine Chart.
Boundless Divine Origin Qi flooded into the Taichi Chart in Helian Wuji’s hands. The Taichi Chart which was not bigger than nine inches was held in his hand tightly. More and more terrifying energy was absorbed into the chart, and even Jiang Chen was stunned for a second.
“It could absorb the energy between the heavens and earth and turn it into his own. Seems like you really want to turn the heavens and earth into your possession. However, I am afraid that you are not able to withstand that much energy with your current strength,” Jiang Chen thought, knowing that Helian Wuji could not withstand all of the energy between the heavens and earth.
Meanwhile, the Taichi Chart was being formed and Divine Origin Qi had been absorbed. Such a dreadful imposing momentum shook the earth, and even created great pressure to the heavens.
“Such a terrifying Taichi Chart.”
Xue Qianying’s countenance fell. She could sense the great danger coming out from the Taichi Chart. Once it hit Jiang Chen, he might not be able to resist its dreadfulness.
Although Xue Qianying and Jiang Chen were not very close, she still felt a sense of guilt because Jiang Chen was fighting to rescue her and she was saved by Jiang Chen once in the past.
“The Taichi Chart is not like any normal weapon.”
Jiang Chen said in a deep voice. As the Taichi Chart was becoming bigger and bigger with the strength of the heavens and earth as its foundation, its dreadfulness became unpredictable. Moreover, it kept absorbing energy for Helian Wuji to use in the battle. Jiang Chen was under the suppression of the Taichi Chart now, and he could not help but become more serious about this.
“Glad that you know but it’s too late to know this now.”
Helian Wuji snorted and pushed the Taichi Chart with his hand. The Taichi Chart suppressed Jiang Chen and covered Jiang Chen underneath. The surrounding experts could not help but start admiring Helian Wuji’s strength.
“At the end, our brother Wuji is still superior.”
“That’s right. I think Jiang Chen has no way out anymore. Hahaha.”
“Yea, the Taichi Chart is really a treasure and even comparable to a Heavenly Divine Tool.”
“Cultivation realm is still more important when it comes to a battle.”
Jiang Chen frowned, however, the Taichi Chart still could not overcome him despite its dreadfulness.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
[Please support us in DMWG Patreon (DMWG Patreon) if you are able to, so that we can maintain at this rate or even release at a faster rate!]
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2321 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2322


Chapter 2322
A Battle of Heavenly Kings
“It’s not that easy to defeat me.”
Jiang Chen gripped his wrist and casted his Five Elements Combat Dragon Seal. He struck a heavy blow against the Taichi Chart, but it did not cause any damage on the chart at all. After that, Jiang Chen struck another attack using his Slaughter Dragon Seal, but it only caused a few ripples on the Taichi Chart. No significant damage was done on the chart.
“Just give up, Jiang Chen. The Taichi Chart can absorb energy from the heavens and earth. Even if your attack is very formidable, it wouldn’t cause any damage on the chart. Hahaha. Just give up, you are not a match for me.”
Helian Wuji’s eyes looked ruthless. The Taichi Chart became bigger and bigger. It’s astonishing. Jiang Chen already felt great pressure at this moment, and he knew that he had to show his true colour to deal with the chart now.
“Ancestral Dragon Pagoda. Suppress it!”
Jiang Chen held the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda which was giving off a dazzling brilliance. As soon as the Pagoda was casted, he was enfolded inside. The mightiness of the Pagoda finally brought some effect on the Taichi Chart.
“Break it!”
Jiang Chen roared in rage. The enormous energy of Ancestral Dragon Pagoda broke through the Taichi Chart. Helian Taiji’s Taichi Chart was torn apart, turned into ashes, and disappeared in the void in an instant. Helian Wuji was repulsed backwards and a mouthful of blood spurted out from his mouth. He looked pale.
“What treasure is that? It was even able to destroy my Taichi Chart.”
Helian Wuji looked at Jiang Chen with great shock. At the same time, everyone reacted like Helian Wuji and stared at Jiang Chen’s Ancestral Dragon Pagoda without even blinking their eyes. Everyone took a deep breath, dumbstruck by the dreadfulness of the Ancient Dragon Pagoda. The mightiness of Ancient Dragon Pagoda was even more superior now, easily shattering the Taichi Chart effortlessly.
“I don’t believe it. Even if your treasure is supreme, your strength is still so weak,” said Helian Wuji while gritting his teeth.
“Eight Trigrams strikes in all directions!”
Following Helian Wuji’s ruthless voice, two Taichi Eight Trigrams had suddenly appeared in his hands. Each of which seemed to contain an incredibly dreadful and boundless energy of Wuji Dao. Undeniably, Helian Wuji started becoming more serious because his opponent was very really formidable. His Taichi Chart had evolved into another terrifying level. Jiang Chen felt slightly threatened by now.
“I am going to see how you are going to break through my Wuji Dao!”
Helian Wuji’s strength made a huge disturbance in all directions. Each of his strikes contained the strength of Wuji Dao, and its momentum was as powerful as the strike of a Heavenly Divine Tool.
“It’s too terrifying, brother Helian has finally shown his true colour. Seems like he has mastered the great cultivation art of Taichi Sect.”
“Undeniably, this battle is really astonishing!”
“Seeing this battle, I now know that those so-called geniuses are bullsh*t. In front of them, we are not qualified to be geniuses.”
Some people were startled and wished to be like Jiang Chen and Helian Wuji while some people were disappointed in themselves. Jiang Chen and Helian Wuji were incredibly dreadful and they could never surpass them.
This was indeed a battle of heavenly kings!
The Wuji Dao was even more ferocious than the Taichi Chart. At this moment, Jiang Chen was repulsed by Helian Wuji continuously. He did not dare to fight Helian Wuji head on despite being in his dragon transformation state because Helian Wuji’s Wuji Dao was indeed too oppressive.
Helian Wuji pressed against Jiang Chen many times, to which Jiang Chen wasn’t able to overcome even with the Heavenly Dragon Sword. After being attacked by Helian Wuji continuously, Jiang Chen spurted out some blood but his face remained incomparably cold. Helian Wuji unexpectedly did not manage to injure Jaing Chen badly.
“Luckily, I have the protection of the Profound Heavenly Armour.”
Jiang Chen spurted out some blood while looking incredibly gloomy. This time, he was really irritated.
“If I don’t show some power, you would think that I’m weak.”
Jiang Chen gritted his teeth while looking at Helian Wuji fiercely.
“I can’t believe that you would have such a strong defensive strength. However, no one will be able to survive under my Taichi Strength. Plus, my Wuji Dao is supreme!”
Helian Wuchi continued to send out heavy blows with his Wuji Dao, which had really injured Jiang Chen this time. Although Jiang Chen had the Profound Heavenly Armour with him, he was still injured by the Taichi Strength. This showed that the Taichi Strength was not something ordinary.
“The real battle has just started.”
The corner of Jiang Chen’s mouth was overflowing with a cunning smile. He raised up his head slowly and saw the thunderstorm started rolling in the sky.
“You… you can trigger the Eight Direction Lightning Tribulation?”
Helian Wuji gave a shocked glance to Jiang Chen but he still thought that it was impossible for Jiang Chen to defeat him. After all, Jiang Chen’s cultivation realm was only at the Void God Realm. If he was defeated by this punk, how could he walk out of the Hidden Secret Realm with dignity?
“So? It will be difficult to deal with you if I don’t increase my strength.”
Jiang Chen smiled, looking completely calm.
“Are you going to breakthrough here?”
Helian Wuji sneered.
“Are you crazy? Do you really think that you can fight me under this Lightning Tribulation? You have overestimated yourself. You will definitely die today.”
Helian Wuji took a step forward, shattering the void and sweeping across in all directions. His Taichi strength pressed against Jiang Chen as he had the intention to eliminate Jiang Chen today.
“You should die now!”
Helian Wuji roared in rage and struck Jiang Chen once again. However, Jiang Chen remained motionless while the thunderstorms gathered above the sky, and then lightning struck!
Dealing with Helian Wuji’s Taichi Strength and the Lightning Tribulation, Jiang Chen just remained relaxed. Although a crisis was upon him, he remained calm while resisting the Wuji Dao.
“I am going to see whether the Lightning Tribulation you caused would be terrifying.”
Helian Wuji remained motionless despite the thunderstorms. Under the thunderstorms and lightning, the bystanders were all shocked and withdrew themselves. More and more thunderous clouds gathered above the sky, making Jiang Chen more and more delighted.
“Let’s fight. Since you are here already, then don’t leave.”
Jiang Chen and Helian Wuji looked at each other. Under the Lightning Tribulation, another battle erupted!
“Sword of Solitude, Sword Qi sweeping across in all directions!”
Jiang Chen struck with his sword while the sword qi of the Sword of Solitude swept across in all directions, crashing into the Taichi Strength. At this moment, both of them were sent staggering back. It was a neck-and-neck battle.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2322 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2323


Chapter 2323
You are not as Righteous as me
“Such a terrifying sword qi! It could resist my attack. Not bad,” Helian Wuji said.
On the other hand, Jiang Chen was not that satisfied because Sword of Solitude was one of his strongest strikes because it failed to defeat Helian Wuji. This only showed how dreadful Helian Wuji was, especially his Taichi Strength, which was the essence of Taichi Sect. It was reasonable why Helian Wuji was called the peerless genius of Taichi Sect that only existed once every hundred years.
However, Jiang Chen did not acknowledge this. After all, if they were both in the same cultivation realm, then his strike of sword would definitely be able to defeat Helian Wuji.
Regardless of the gap of their cultivation realm, the Sword of Solitude still managed to suppress Helian Wuji. Helian Wuji felt an enormous hindrance, it felt like his battle strength and mentality were affected by Jiang Chen’s Sword of Solitude. The Sword of Solitude was that overbearing and even his strongest strike, Taichi Strength, was shattered completely. It was out of his expectation that Jiang Chen’s Sword of Solitude indeed impacted his performance.
At the moment, more and more thunderous strength was rolling in the sky under the Lightning Tribulation. Once the Nine Layer Lightning Tribulation falls, Jiang Chen would definitely be struck by it.
Helian Wuji was well aware that there would still be hope if there was only one person here to receive the Lightning Tribulation. However, if there was another person here, the Lightning Tribulation would be even more fierce and powerful. They would not be able to withstand that amount of lightning energy.
“Are you going to kill me here?”
Jiang Chen squinted his eyes and looked at Helian Wuji.
Helian Wuji looked at Jiang Chen coldly and said, “Seems like you are not that foolish. I am going to use my Taichi Chart to suppress the pressure, but I am going to see how you are going to deal with the Nine Layer Lightening Tribulation! Hahaha.”
How daring Jiang Chen was to transcend the tribulation here. Helian Wuji looked at Jiang Chen as if he was a fool. This guy was definitely a fool, otherwise, why would he choose to do something so stupid?
Who would transcend tribulation in such a reckless way. If he was injured by the Lightning Tribulation badly, someone might take the opportunity to kill him. Almost everyone would find a hidden place to transcend their tribulation in order to avoid any accident happening. Some people might even find transcending their tribulation very difficult. If they could not withstand the lightning strikes of the Lightning Tribulation, then they might be shattered into ashes directly. Helian Wuji was well aware that it would definitely not be easy for Jiang Chen to transcend the tribulation here.
“This guy is too stupid to choose this timing to transcend tribulation, isn’t he? Even if he can’t defeat Brother Helian, why would he choose to do such a reckless thing? Hahaha. It’s really amusing.”
“That’s right. Actually this young man can be considered as one of the geniuses in this generation. But it’s out of my expectation that he would do such a stupid thing. It’s sorrowful and regretful. Haha.”
“But as we can see, Brother Wuji is going to kill this guy at this moment. As a Late True God Expert, Brother Wuji must be very confident in withstanding the mightiness of the Lightning Tribulation. On the other hand, Jiang Chen is only a Late Void God. This is the first time I saw two people confronting a Lightning Tribulation together. Hope that he would be killed by the lightning later.”
“Even if he isn’t killed, I guess he will suffer severe injury. Hehe. Nothing to pity about if he dies.”
With so much doubt and harassment flying around, Xue Qianying was the only person who could still remain calm because she had seen before how Jiang Chen withstood a Lightning Tribulation. Moreover, Helian Wushuang was killed by Jiang Chen in the Lightning Tribulation.
“You… you.. You are so despicable. You wanna to kill me during the Lightning Tribulation!”
Jiang Chen took a few steps backwards with a terrified look on his face.
“You finally realised all these but it seems too late. If you want to breakthrough, you should know about the consequences of transcending the tribulation here. Humph.”
Helian Wuji looked at Jiang Chen with disdain. A fool like Jiang Chen did not deserve to be his match.
“I thought that it would be a fair battle. Unexpectedly, you still manage to pull me into your trick. It’s all destiny.”
Jiang Chen looked like crying but without any tears. At the moment, Xue Qianying curled up her mouth. This guy was quite good at pretending to be weak. His acting skill was quite admiring.
“This is a world that emphasises the law of the jungle. If you manage to survive, then you are truly an expert. Those who die have no right to talk about this. It does not matter how I killed you as you will still become ashes soon.”
Helian Wuji somehow could foresee how Jiang Chen would die under Lightning Tribulation and his eyes were filled with pride.
“I will not accept this! I hate it!”
Jiang Chen kept shaking his head. At the moment, the Nine Layer Lightning Tribulation came crashing down. In the surrounding thousand miles, everywhere was covered with the dreadful thunderous strength. The dreadful Lightning Tribulation befell unceasingly in a terrifying way. Obviously, the target was Jiang Chen and Helian Wuji.
When the first lightning struck on Helian Wuji, he spurted out a mouthful of blood immediately and his face became pale.
“This is……”
“Dawn Sky Golden Lightning. Normally, only Heavenly God experts enjoy such Lightning Tribulation. How do you feel? Comfortable, right? Do you feel surprised that I let you enjoy this?”
Jiang Chen said with a smile.
“Dawn Sky Golden Lightning?”
Helian Wuji’s counternance fell and his heart trembled slightly.
The people who were watching the battle found this scene unbelievable. Who knew that the Lightning Tribulation Jiang Chen transcended was not any normal Lightning Tribulation but the Dawn Sky Golden Lightning that only appeared when Heavenly God experts transcended. The strength of the lightning and thunderstorms were incomparably terrifying. It was absolutely not something True Gods could withstand.
“That’s right. That’s right. Seems like brother Helian is quite knowledgeable. How do you feel about the Dawn Sky Golden Lightning?”
Jiang Chen said with a smile.
“I……”
When Helian Wuji just opened his mouth, another Dawn Sky Golden Lightning struck on him immediately. It was irresistible, and the power was even stronger than the one before. Helian Wuji was not able to resist it at all.
Helian Wuji spurted another mouthful of blood. Even though he had tried to use his utmost effort to resist it, he was still injured by the Dawn Sky Golden Lightnings badly. His face became really pale this time.
“Why? Why don’t you feel anything?”
Helian Wuji was stunned while looking at Jiang Chen.
A number of lightning struck Jiang Chen but they made no injury on him at all. He was just walking around confidently and calmly under the Lightning Tribulation. Helian Wuji was completely dumbstruck by the scene.
Jiang Chen thought for a while and said patiently, “Perhaps it’s because of morality. Apparently, you are not as righteous as me in terms of morality.”
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2323 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2324


Chapter 2324
There’s always someone wanting to harm me
After that, another lightning fell on Helian Wuji and he had no way to escape at all. He was struck and completely ruined by the Dawn Sky Golden Lightning. The blood veins in his whole body were shattered and his flesh was badly injured and his face was drained of blood.
“Motherf*cker! You’ve pulled me into this trap. Jiang Chen!”
Helian Wuji roared tragically with all of his energy. His strength had been restrained by the Lightning Tribulation completely. Under the third Dawn Sky Golden Lightning, he had completely lost his strength to resist.
“You are the one who chose to stay here, but now you blame me for this? Have I tied you here? You could choose to run away, why didn’t you run earlier?”
Jiang Chen looked very serious.
“How am I going to run? I won’t accept this. I can’t accept this!”
At the moment, Helian Wuji was in great despair as he never expected that Jiang Chen would trick him like this and here would be his grave.
“Tut-tut, you still show me a face like this even though it has come to this moment. Your brother was killed in this way. No worries. The elder brother is as foolish as the younger brother. How about both of you change your name to Helian Foolish when you reach hell? Hahaha!” Jiang Chen said and laughed madly.
Before the fourth Dawn Sky Golden Lightning struck, Helian Wuji was already shaking with anger while looking at Jiang Chen with killing intent. He then saw the fourth Dawn Sky Golden Lightning striking, but he had no strength to withstand it anymore.
Bang…!
When a deafening thunderclap resounded between heaven and earth, Helian Wuji was shattered by the Dawn Sky Golden Lightning, completely turning into ashes and even bone dregs couldn’t be found.
Xuan Qianying was completely stunned and the other sect experts were dumbfounded by the scene. They never anticipated that Jiang Chen would be the final winner as they thought that Jiang Chen would definitely be defeated. After transcending the tribulation, Jiang Chen remained in good condition but Helian Wuji was killed in tragedy.
“This has told us that we should not have bad intentions as morality is very important.”
Jiang Chen looked at all the geniuses from different sects. It was not difficult for him to kill all of them, but he did not want to violate the rules in the Hidden Secret Realm.
Jiang Chen shrugged his shoulders and said, “If people don’t come to offend me, I won’t offend anyone. Get out of here. If you want to taste the Nine Layer Lightning Tribulation, I won’t stop you.”
The remaining twenty people ran away immediately and disappeared.
In an instant, all the lightning and thunderstorm dispersed. Jiang Chen looked solemn and his eyes were giving off a vigorous aura. Although he needed to spend half of his strength in the battle with Helian Wuji, he was still full of pride.
Jiang Chen’s eyes became extremely sharp now, sending out a blow that shook the surrounding mountains. He was filled with an overbearing aura.
Jiang Chen thought, “I guess I could eliminate any ordinary True God cultivators with my current physical strength.”
The strength of a True God was indeed extraordinary. Right now, if he fought Helian Wuji again, he would not need to ignite the Lightning Tribulation to kill him. His dragon transformation would be enough to help him become unbeatable.
“Congratulations,” said Xue Qianying faintly.
“Thank you,” Jiang Chen replied with a smile.
“I am the one who should say thank you. If you didn’t help me today, I’m afraid I would have been killed by Helian Wuji and the others.”
“That guy has done too many evil things. He and his brother deserve death. He wanted to kill me? He should’ve examined himself first to see if he had such capability. Seems like the Reincarnated Datura is very important to you. Otherwise, you wouldn’t have protected it at the cost of your life.”
“You’re right. This Reincarnated Datura can cure an injury of mine,” Xue Qianying replied.
Jiang Chen frowned.
“You’re injured, aren’t you?”
“I have injured myself so it has nothing to do with others.”
“Is it the side-effect of advancing your cultivation realm?” Jiang Chen asked with a smile.
“How did you know?” Xue Qianying gave Jiang Chen a surprised glance.
“Don’t forget that I am an alchemist. Do you know how to use the Reincarnated Datura?”
After Jiang Chen asked to which Xua Qianying took a deep breath as she really did not know how to use the Reincarnated Datura. She did not know whether it should be taken orally or applied externally.
“Do you know?”
“Of course, the Reincarnated Datura….”
“The Reincarnated Datura is for external application. You need to grind it up and mix it with the water of spiritual spring. Smear it little by little on your body evenly. Hehehe. If you need help, I might be of help to you.”
The person who was talking was Li Yanchao. At this moment, he was walking towards the two of them slowly while his eyes carried a profound sense. He was looking at Xua Qianying’s body lavisciously.
“I was wondering who it was, it turns out that it’s the little bastard of Divine Pill Sect. Hehehe. Are you going to shame yourself again?”
Jiang Chen said while smiling.
“I should be the one calling you little bastard. Are you really proud of what you’ve done back in the auction? We are now at the Hidden Secret Realm. No one is going to help you this time.”
Li Yanchao said with pride and arrogance. In his eyes, Jiang Chen had already become his prisoner.
“Give me the woman and your Divine Tool, then I might spare your life. However, it’s still hard to say.”
Jiang Chen shrugged his shoulder and said, “There are defiant people always wanting to harm me. Do you think you can do it? Do you think that you have such capability? If Lang Ya is here, I might try to be more careful. However, it’s only you…Hehehe. I am sorry, I have never really put you in my eyes. I am afraid that you might not even have the capability to confront Helian Wuji.”
Li Yanchao was not angry and replied:
“Your strength is indeed very strong. To be honest, if I was the one battling with you just now, I might not have a good ending as well. However, Helian Wuji, that fool has already helped me by suffering under the Lightning Tribulation. Do you think that I will still be tricked by you? After you fought against Helian Wuji and transcended the Nine Layer Lightning Tribulation, you were weakened. Do you think that you still have the combat strength to fight me? Killing you will be a piece of cake for me. The reason why Helian Wuji was defeated was because he was conceited. All in all, you are only a little bastard who just advanced to the True God Realm. Do you think that you could kill me?”
His words were filled with disdain and ridicule. He had already made up his mind to challenge Jiang Chen. Moreover, there was a beauty and the Reincarnated Datura that were about to become his. He was thrilled deep in his heart.
Jiang Chen grinned and said, “Seems like you have decided to kill me. Hehe. Interesting. Then you have to show me your true colour. I will not show you any mercy.”
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2324 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2325


Chapter 2325
Heaven Fate Deduction
“Foolish. If you insist on having a battle, then I will fulfill your wish. If you were burned into ashes later, don’t blame me. Hmph. Hmph.”
Li Yanchao’s eyes were ruthless and his bloody pupils had turned gloomy. A battle was inevitable. To him, Jiang Chen had already gone into a dead end—a lamb that would be slaughtered soon.
“Do you really still have strength to fight?”
Xue Qianying was very doubtful about that as well. If Jiang Chen was defeated, both of them would be slaughtered by Li Yanchao. If that’s the case, she would be very unresigned as Jiang Chen had just killed Helian Wuji and broke through to True God Realm. If Jiang Chen had enough rest, Xue Qianying would not worry that he would be defeated. But he just experienced an intense battle, does he still have the strength to fight Li Yanchao?
“Such a young brat, do you think that I could not defeat him? He is just a brat of the Divine Pill Sect. Should I care about him? If Lang Ya is here, I might be slightly afraid of him. There is a huge gap between you and Lang Ya.”
Jiang Chen’s ridicule had irritated Li Yanchao and his face became incomparably gloomy.
Forever the number-two, it was always his pain. How would he feel content being suppressed by Lang Ya always?”
“Bastard. I am going to kill you.”
“Tut-tut, see someone is angry because he is not as capable as the others.”
Jiang Chen continued to ridicule, making Li Yanchao shiver in rage.
“You see. It’s his sore point, isn’t it? In fact, he is just a fake tiger that is good at acting. Hahaha.”
Jiang Chen’s words touched a raw nerve of Li Yanchao. At the moment, even Xue Qianying curled up her mouth slightly. This guy was quite mean.
Undeniably, Jiang Chen was actually prodding Li Yanchao into action with his taunts. Lang Ya was like a phantom in Li Yanchao’s heart. Lang Ya was the number-one genius in Divine Pill Sect while Li Yanchao was only number-two. How would Li Yanchao be content?
However, he could not blame anyone if he was not as capable as La Yang. After Jiang Chen said that bluntly, his anger was provoked completely.
“You are finding a hole for yourself. Since you have said so, then I am going to let you see my true colour. You shouldn’t think that you are peerless under the heavens even though you have defeated Helian Wuji. Although you have made a breakthrough, you are still only an Early True God.”
Li Yanchao smiled coldly and crashed towards Jiang Chen.
“Be careful. Li Yanchao isn’t that powerful compared to Helian Wuji, but you are already injured now,” Xue Qianying worriedly said.
At the moment, Jiang Chen did not have the mightiness that he had during the Lightning Tribulation. Moreover, Li Yanchao was not Helian Wuji who would make foolish mistakes. Li Yanchao had premeditated this for a long time and apparently he had quite a good understanding of Jiang Chen. This battle would not be that easy anymore for Jiang Chen.
“Don’t worry. Who said that I won’t be a match for him even when I’m injured? Here, catch this.”
Jiang Chen threw a piece of Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pill to Xue Qianying, and then he also ate a piece of the pill. Suddenly, his strength was recovered, and he now wasn’t afraid and worried in dealing with Li Yanchao now.
“This is?”
Xue Qianying body shivered for a moment. Even Li Yanchao who was standing far away was dumbstruck by the intensity of the pill and his countenance fell.
“Immortal Grade Medicinal Pill!”
Li Yanchao took a deep breath. This guy, Jiang Chen, wasted a precious treasure as he had used an Immortal Grade Pill just to recover his strength.
“Is it really an Immortal Grade Medicinal Pill?”
Xue Qianying was shocked as she never expected that Jiang Chen would give her such a precious medicinal pill.
“Eat it. Once your strength is recovered then we can deal with this guy today. Is it okay?”
Jiang Chen said and simply smiled, not caring about the Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pill at all.
“Alright.”
Xue Qianying took a deep breath and swallowed the pill. Immediately, she felt the pill spread out in her body. The terrifying recovery power filled her body and she recovered from all kinds of injury she had suffered.
“It’s indeed an Immortal Grade Pill.”
Xue Qianying thought but she did not talk too much. She did not express her gratitude to Jiang Chen anymore even though Jiang Chen had saved her for a few times. No matter what she said, words could not express her gratitude. What was the point of saying that much then?
“The two of you are really detestable. Those are Immortal Grade Medicinal Pills but you have eaten them as if they were nothing! Argh!”
Li Yanchao went nuts. If one took those two pieces of pills to auction, he might get more than ten thousand High Grade Divine Origin Stones. It’s a priceless thing and even Heavenly Gods would chase after it. The value of this Immortal Grade Pill was immeasurable.
“Why do you feel bad about it? Is that yours?”
Jiang Chen sneered and glanced at Xue Qianying. She nodded then both of them crashed into Li Chaoyan and pressed against him immediately.
“Stupid. Even if you two join hands, I won’t be afraid.”
Li Yanchao snorted and went to confront them without any fear.
After Xue Qianying recovered her strength, she was extraordinarily formidable. As a Late True God, her strength was not weaker than Li Yanchao. Moreover, Jiang Chen’s strength advanced to a higher realm and he joined hands with Xue Qianying, Li Yanchao actually did not dare to confront them face-to-face。
Li Yanchao was holding the Phoenix Feather Golden Ranseur and his mightiness was oppressive. Although he was fighting two people, he was not at a disadvantage. But he had to always be aware of Jiang Chen in the battle. Even though Jiang Chen was only an Early True God, one should not forget that he had killed Helian Wuji. Li Yanchao seems not to worry but he was not reckless like Helian Wuji as this was a matter related with life.
Moreover, Xue Qianying’s strength exceeded Li Yanchao’s expectation. He never expected that Xue Qianying would be this terrifying after she recovered from her injury. She was holding the White Jade Divine Sword, filled with an extraordinary aura.
“Freeze the thousand miles!”
Xue Qianying shouted with her beautiful voice. Her strikes swept across the area within a thousand miles. Li Yanchao, with his Phoenix Feather Golden Ranseur, fought Xue Qianying fiercely. Jiang Chen assisted from the side with his overbearing Heavenly Dragon Sword.
Numerous mountains were shattered while everything between heaven and earth was shaken. This battle could be considered as a highly intense fight, compared to Jiang Chen’s battle against Helian Wuji.
“Heaven Fate Deduction, Great Divination Art!”
Jiang Chen’s eyes were ruthless and his killing intent spread across everywhere. His Great Divination Art had helped him to anticipate Li Yanchaos’ attack and movement, which helped him to fight better with his Heavenly Dragon Sword.
Not to be outdone, Xue Qianying also enhanced her attack strength and pressed against Li Yanchao with Jiang Chen. Althgouth Li Yanchao was very confident in himself to fight the two of them, it was a bit hard for him to handle their attack now because their battle strength was too strong. Jiang Chen was only an Early True God, but he was not any weaker than Xue Qianying.
Jiang Chen had no weakness at all and he had made Li Yanchao fall into an inferior position where he could only defend without any chance of attacking. He looked extremely embarrassed.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2325 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2326


Chapter 2326
I thought you’re going to devote your life to me
“Sky Opening Eight Extreme Collapse!”
The power of the divine weapon Li Yanchao possessed was boundless. It was a pretty powerful weapon. But Xue Qianying and Jiang Chen were not scared of it.
As a reply, Jiang Chen casted the Dragon Transformation and unleashed his might upon the enemy, causing the void to collapse. Li Yanchao was forced to back away from just a single sword strike. Even Xue Qianying’s expression slightly moved. Jiang Chen’s Dragon Transformation was very strong after he reached the True God Realm.
“Such dominating strength!” Li Yanchao’s hand was heavily injured after taking on the attack.
That slash had completely locked down his attack and his dominance has been suppressed by it too.
Jiang Chen’s sword strike had reached an unprecedented level. Li Yanchao backed away for ten li and he was in a completely passive state.
“Prepare to die! Little bastard of the Divine Pill Sect,” Jiang Chen roared and attacked together with Xue Qianying.
Their attack forced Li Yanchao to back away and was forced back three hundred li. But Jiang Chen wasn’t planning on letting Li Yanchao go and kept on pressuring. Li Yanchao did not have a chance to breathe and was finally injured by the Heavenly Dragon Sword qi.
Xue Qianying didn’t want to lose out and did whatever she could. Li Yanchao was pushed in the total edge of darkness after seven consecutive sword strikes shattered his defences. A deep sword wound could now be seen on his body.
Li Yanchao stared at Jiang Chen. He did not expect to lose against these two and in such a horrible state too. Jiang Chen was like a different person after breaking through.
Xue Qianying too was shocked by Jiang Chen’s performance that totally shadowed her performance. She was pretty impressed by Jiang Chen as she could not possibly defeat Helian Wuji by herself.
“It’s not going to be easy to kill me!” Li Yanchao did not back down because he could not afford to lose as death awaits him.
This was not the outside world, but the Hidden Secret Realm. Jiang Chen would definitely not let him go.
“Let’s see what you can do about this!” Li Yanchao instantly took three pills.
Those were his self-made supreme grade pills, their effect was instantly boosting one’s battle power. It did not push him towards the Half-Step Heavenly God Realm but he managed to at least reach the Peak True God Realm. He then clashed with Jiang Chen again who was now not on-par with him.
“Interesting.” Jiang Chen sneered.
Jiang Chen would not lose against him. He used his sword moves and blocked off Li Yanchao’s attack completely.
“Why do I feel that he’s seen through all my attacks. All of my moves became useless and the pill energy is quickly decreasing.” Li Yanchao thought.
He was supported by pills while Jiang Chen had the Dragon Transformation. When the energy of the pills was gone, he would become vulnerable temporarily, then he would surely lose.
“A single sword strike shines upon fourteen regions!”
Jiang Chen was unstoppable as he unleashed a powerful sword qi.
“Sacrificing the heavenly flame, gold-plated phoenix feather, holds the universe!”
A heavenly flame rises from Li Yanchao’s weapon. That was his flame essence, it was forged from a small Heaven-swallowing beast. This was his final attack, his ace-in-the-hole!
Flame covered the sky and the whole place was lit up in brilliance.
“Get back and wait for an opportunity.” Jiang Chen shouted towards Xue Qianying.
Xue Qianying knew that Li Yanchao’s attack was not something to be trifled with. She was suppressed from the heavenly flame as ice and fire cannot coexist. But, could he win against Jiang Chen?
“You overestimate your own ability. Go to hell! Trying to play fire with me? Aren’t you ballsy?!” Jiang Chen drew his blade and the fiery raging flame was cut in half.
“The Fusion of Dragon and Sword!”
Jiang Chen split the raging flame in half and flew straight towards his opponent.
Li Yanchao swiftly backed off with disbelief in his eyes. His ace-in-the-hole could not even win against Jiang Chen! Yet Jiang Chen managed to break through it and split open Jiang Chen’s defence!
“No….” Li Yanchao shouted with all his might.
In the next moment, Jiang Chen appeared behind his back and then pierced through his body.
“Five Elements Battle Dragon Seal!”
The dying Li Yanchao was then thoroughly vanquished. He never expected himself to die in the hands of Jiang Chen, even at his very last moments. He was the number two in the Divine Pill Sect, yet he lost against a nameless cultivator like Jiang Chen……
As the fire died out, Li Yanchao’s body fell down and the whole place became silent.
“Trash. To think he got done in.” Lang Ya murmured as he frowned.
He was holding a jade talisman that could communicate with one another. When Li Yanchao fell, the jade talisman in his hand shattered into dust.
“There are less than ten people in this Secret Hidden Realm that are able to kill Li Yanchao. Who is the one that killed him? You pray that I don’t find you.” Lang Ya said as he took flight.
He should not be killed by a beast, at least he should be able to survive even though he may not defeat those beasts.
……….
Xue Qianying finally calmed down a little. This guy is preposterously strong. Killing off his opponent in a single strike, and mercilessly to boot. Li Yanchao is the prodigy of the Divine Pill Sect…
Now that he’s an Early True God, he’s so much different when he was still just a Void God. This guy will surely rock the world in the future.
Of course, he had to walk out from this Hidden Secret Realm.
“Many thanks.” Xue Qianying said with a serious face.
Although her beauty knows no bounds and she was like an ice sculpture, there wasn’t much emotion shown towards Jiang Chen, her benefactor.
“I’ve heard it more than once. Is there nothing else except for thanks? I thought you’re going to devote your life to me.” Jiang Chen said with a smile.
“You think too much,” said Xue Qianying coldly.
“You are also thinking too much. I’m just playing with you. Haha.”
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2326 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2327


Chapter 2327
Ancient Divine Tool, Great Yu Soul Forming Light
Jiang Chen’s words made Xue Qianying somewhat angry and she harrumphed.
“This Reincarnated Datura, does it really need to be grounded into dust and applied on the skin?” Xue Qianying asked quietly.
“Yes. Even though Li Yanchao is a nasty guy, he’s right. Moreover, you need spiritual water, the higher the grade the better. Then, it’ll be better for the effect to be absorbed.” Jiang Chen did not joke further and said seriously.
“You’re not telling me to help you apply it for you right? I’m not that shameless.”
“You……”
“If you really want me to apply it for you, then I shall reluctantly accept the task. But we’re still lacking spiritual water. I advise that you keep it safe for now.”
“Shameless!” Xue Qianying said coldly as she turned away and left.
“Is this how you treat your benefactor?”
Xue Qianying stopped moving, she then asked without turning back, “Then, what do you want?”
“Nevermind. Women and despicable men are hard to deal with. This Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pill should help you alleviate most of your internal injuries. You don’t need to look for spiritual water urgently now.”
Jiang Chen said as he rolled his eyes. It’s pretty hurtful when a person is doing something out of goodwill and the other party rejects it.
“Go forward for 20,000 li towards the North-Western side. The people of the four sects are all there. But they are in a pretty bad spot.”
Xue Qianying disappeared within the dark after that.
Jiang Chen’s expression changed. The Heavenly, Earthly, Profound and Yellow sect disciples must be in a tough spot. Looks like I have to go and check it out. Yang Jian and the others may possibly be there too.
On a majestic mountain range that stretches over all four directions, mountains as tall as the clouds, and stones as dark as chinese ink could be seen. It was a mysterious place.
Within the mountain, the irritating smell of blood was hovering over the place, countless men had passed through this place and many had died, yet still many people chose to continue forward.
“This is Qi Ling Mountain. I’ve heard from my Senior Uncle who had entered this place a hundred years ago and said that this place is filled with countless dead souls. This place is unpredictable. Countless experts died here. Their motives for coming here? An unprecedented divine tool is located here, the Great Yu Soul Forming Light.” Li Quanchao said in a serious tone.
The thirty over people behind were the disciples of the four brotherly sect. He was the leader, and Zhang Lei and the others were behind him.
Man Shuai was pretty lucky. He reached the Peak Early True God Realm and he could go toe-to-toe against a Mid True God.
“I heard a senior from our sect mentioned about it. If we could find the legendary Mount Qi Ling then we must go and check it out. However, it’ll depend on our luck as to what we’ll get in the end. Because they kept reminding us to enter with caution!” Zhang Lei said. Everyone knew what he was trying to convey.
If even the prodigy of the Earthly Hades Sect was this careful, who dares to act out of line?
“The Great Yu Soul Forming Light? What kind of divine tool is that?” Jiang Hao asked in a serious manner.
“It’s an ancient divine tool. It is said to have surpassed the grade of Heavenly Divine Tool Grade,” Liu Quanchao said quietly.
Everyone gasped. At this moment, these people, who had gone through a few days of battle, were dead tired. Plus, a third of them had died. But, their fighting spirit? It’s still at the top. They were dead set on getting out from this place alive, out of the Hidden Secret Realm. Then they will surely shock the world and become one of the best in the Linhe Boundary.
“An ancient divine tool that gathers millions of souls and forms into the Soul Forming Light. It’s a little demonic but it’s still a peerless divine tool nonetheless. This Qi Ling Mountain is filled with resentment. Almost all the souls gathered in this place for millions of years were nurturing the Great Yu Soul Forming Light. The Great Yu Soul Forming Light was sighted here 1,300 years ago. But nobody knows whether it’s still here after so many years has passed.” Zhang Lei said.
“It’s probably still here. There’s no news about the Great Yu Soul Forming Light in the outside world. Otherwise, no matter how secretive that person was, there’s bound to be some whispers. I think it is still in Mount Qi Ling. ” Liu Quanchao said with confidence.
“Actually this Mount Qi Ling is quite scary. There’s this gloomy and chilly air surrounding it. We also suffered an attack from a pack of flying praying mantis. We must not let down our guard.” Jiang Hao said.
“You’re right. Those flying praying mantis killed a dozen of us. Their numbers are too much. We’ll certainly be devoured one by one if we were to face them.” Liu Quanchao was helpless.
They had to retreat for the sake of the group and they kept on retreating. But that group of flying praying mantis disappeared after they entered Mount Qi Ling. Those pests did not pursue them further. They were obviously scared of something here.
“Then we gotta be extra careful. This Mount Qi Ling is not a safe place. If the Great Yu Soul Forming Light is here. Then there’s bound to be demons and beasts here.” Zhang Lei said.
He could not guarantee everyone’s safety and he did not give any promises. Nobody will be able to support the others in this place. Every one was for themselves. Nobody would care about you when sh*t hits the fan. Everyone knew it, too. Hence after Zhang Lei finished talking they became extremely serious.
After the battle they had with the flying praying mantis, they do not feel like they’re lucky anymore. Any encounter will surely be a battle of life-and-death. In this Hidden Secret Realm there’s never a safe haven here.
“I wonder how Jiang Chen is now. This place is really scary. A man’s life is worthless here.” Man Shuai murmured as complicated feelings intertwined his heart.
Everybody underwent a great change after entering this place. Especially their mentality. They became much more matured because they’d certainly be killed if you’re naive. Your only belief is to continue living. Brother love, morality are like shit. They will betray you in front of Lady Death and possibly your very own blood brother will stab you in the back too.
“Look! There’s a purple ray on the summit of that mountain.”
“Yeah. Scary. My eyes are going to be blinded by it.”
“Yes. I think there’s something special going on over there.”
Their hearts were tightly clutched.
“There must be something weird happening. Everyone, be wary of your surroundings.”
Liu Quanchao led the group as the vanguard towards the said mountain.
The sun was setting but the light on top of that mountain was glittering, sometimes shining, sometimes fading. It was truly dazzling.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2327 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2328


Chapter 2328
Magma Mountain
“Zhang Lei, what do you think?” Liu Quanchao asked quietly as he looked at Zhang Lei while waking towards the front of the group.
“We’ll have to see how great our luck is. If it’s really the Great Yu Soul Forming Light, I bet it won’t be easy to get it. It’s impossible for a peerless divine tool to not have something guarding it. Plus, it’s something that even surpasses a heavenly divine tool, it might have a spirit inside it. However, if it’s not the treasure that we’re looking for, then it must be a powerful beast over there. We’ll certainly face an immeasurable danger.” Zhang Lei answered.
Nevertheless, as they were all filled with curiosity, nobody chose to back off. Zhang Lei, Liu Quanchao and the others. If they do not have the courage to move on, what meaning do they have to continue living?
Experts and prodigies are people who need constant motivation to keep moving upward. Though they may die in the process, some will still continue regardless of the dangers.
The mountain was tall and steep. The air up there was extremely cold. Zhang Lei and Liu Quanchao looked at each other, they all then leapt up towards the top and saw that there was a flat grassland on the top of the mountain. On the centre of the grassland was an empty piece of land with a giant hole in the middle, inside the whole was a pool of red hot magma.
Purple-ish light rose up from there which caused Zhang Lei and Liu Quanchao to fall into confusion. The hole connects down to the underground with magma covering it and the purplish light comes from the magma.
“That… magma looks threatening. You and I may not even withstand it.” Zhang Lei said.
“We have to understand what that light is before exploring further, let’s check it out.” Liu Quanchao whispered.
“We do not know what’s inside. If it’s filled with danger from all sides. We’ll… die. ” Zhang Lei somewhat hesitated.
“Do you want to back off?” Liu Quanchao looked at Zhang Lei.
“We have two choices now. Continue forward or retreat from this Mount Qi Ling and we’ll possibly face many more beasts, especially those Flying Praying Mantis that are as smart as humans. From the fact that no beasts dares to come in this place itis obvious that something abnormal must be here.”
“Decide, Brother Liu. We’ll follow you guys. Going out from the mountain may not be right, but we’re willing to risk it.”
“Yes. We’re willing to try. Or else we’re sitting ducks here. It’s unbearable.”
“We’ll just die anyway if we don’t have the balls to continue forward, we’re not qualified to be called as the disciples of the four sects! We’ll go check it out even if we have to dive into a ten thousand zhang abyss.”
Everybody made a bold statement, fervent. But Liu Quanchao could not make a perfect decision, this was something that he and Zhang Lei were having a headache about. They may have to watch their innocent brothers die if anything were to happen. Mount Qi Ling, as the name implies, was a place that takes one’s soul. Was it worth taking such a risk in such a dangerous place, they were not sure.
“Very well then, since everyone has made their point. There’s no reason for us to stop. Let’s go. We’ll have to move forward, no matter if we live or die, we shall not stop. Even though there’s danger in front of us, at least we know we have hope in it.” Zhang Lei smiled.
The usual cold and serious Zhang Lei became much more relaxed. Both of them were the hope of the four brotherly sects. Who knows what might happen next? These two may not even live to see another day.
He’s not selfish, but only those who are heartless may live longer in this environment.
Liu Quanchao and Zhang Lei rushed forward and kept their eyes open to the minimum, avoiding the shining purple light as they approached the centre of the mountain.
The place was covered with red hot magma, both of them were already sweating madly even from a thousand metres away. That terrible heart was not something that could be generated from your average magma.
Liu Quanchao was extra vigilant towards his surroundings, not letting go of any changes that might occur. On the centre of the mountain, a dozen-li radius opening in the magma could be found. Flame pillars that were at least a few hundred metres high spew out from the opening, it was a magnificent sight to behold.
In that fiery place, the temperature was at least 60-70 degrees, at a thousand-metre radius from the opening, the temperature was a few hundred degrees. The magma itself could melt a person to be bone.
“This is way too hot. I’m getting barbecued.”
“Yes. I’m out of breath too.”
“Nothing special over here. Just a place filled with magma. Let’s get out of here fast. I can’t take it anymore.”
Everyone was sweating like mad, even after getting out from the thousand-metre radius they could still the raging heat.
Liu Quanchao and Zhang Lei’s expression was solemn because the purple light vanished after they entered the place.
“Something’s not right.” Liu Quanchao murmured.
Zhang Lei also noticed it. Where did that purple light go?
“Guys, look! That’s a pretty large flower.” Somebody shouted.
A purplish-blue flower grew on the wall of the mountain where the light of the magma could not reach. It was a giant flower, six metres tall, two metres large. Its petals emit blue light and the centre emits purple light. The flower had mysterious energy that caused people to watch it.
“I see it. I see it.”
“I see it too. That is…… ”
“That flower is very very big.”
A dozen or so of them murmured.
In the next moment, they started walking towards the flower, one step at a time, like a mindless puppet.
Zhang Lei instantly closed his eyes. Just a second ago he felt his soul being sucked away. The source of it? It was obviously that flower.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2328 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2329


Chapter 2329
Dead Flower of Paradise
“Everyone! Stop looking at it. Something’s wrong with that flower!” Zhang Lei shouted.
Liu Quanchao and Zhang Lei realised that something was wrong at the same time. However, a dozen or so of them had already started walking towards that blueish-purple flower. Plus, no matter how hard Liu Quanchao shouted, they still continued walking as if they could not hear them.
“Zhang Heng. Come back here!”
“Mo Qiancheng, you bastard! Can’t you hear me? Come back!” Liu Quanchao shouted furiously.
They were like puppets, their eyes were in a daze as they slowly walked towards the flower. The moment they got near the flower, they were instantly sucked inside it, without a bone to be seen. The colour of the flower became much more vibrant and a tinge of red could be seen on it.
Liu Quanchao and the others quickly backed off and opened their eyes wide. The terrifying attraction energy towards their soul did not stop, however.
The others were shocked. A terrifying scene indeed. That man-eating flower was vicious and its soul-attraction ability was hard to resist.
“Terrifying. Is that the legendary Dead Flower of Paradise?” Zhang Lei took a deep breath, he dared to not relax.
“Dead Flower of Paradise?”
Everyone looked at Zhang Lei.
“Yes. The Dead Flower of Paradise. An evil but charming man-eating flower. I’ve read about it in an ancient text in the Earthly Hades Sect’s library a long time ago. It could see a person’s past and current life. Once your soul is controlled by it, you’ll become food for the flower. This flower is born from thousands of souls and its source of nutrients are the souls of humans. Luckily we’re quite far away from it, otherwise, we’ll all be dead.”
Even then, the group retreated a dozen li back and observed whilst wearing a depressed expression, they were now left with less than 20 comrades…
Hearing Zhang Lei’s explanation, every one of them felt tense, none of them dared to step forward anymore. However, they still felt that something was pulling them, enticing them deep within their soul to move forward. That charming Dead Flower of Paradise was flowing with purplish light, its spores spreading across the field.
“Sh*t. The smell coming from it could charm a person’s mind, close your mouth and nose, and don’t breath in those flower spores.” Zhang Lei said as he continued his retreat.
Read more chapter on NovelFull
They were in a dangerous situation. They even had to be extra wary for just a single Dead Flower of Paradise as it could easily devour them all.
“I refuse to believe! Watch me cut off that flower. Let’s see how it’ll react to this.” An Earthly Hades Sect disciple said and stepped forward with his eyes closed.
He used his other sense to move towards the threat.
“Wang Zexu, Stop!”
It was too late when Zhang Lei shouted, however, because Wang Zexu had already rushed into the territory of the flower.
The Dead Flower of Paradise suddenly grew to a hundred-metres. Its leaves and flower petals suddenly grew out of nowhere and instantly devoured Wang Zexu. Although he managed to struggle a little. But the moment he opened his eyes… everything was too late.
*Sigh*
Zhang Lei’s eyes became cold as he sighed. That fella is too reckless. Always acting like a hero. Now, he was undoubtedly devoured by the flower.
Zhang Lei then said furiously, “Those who dare to defy orders! Consider your life forfeit!”
Everyone’s heart shivered and nobody dared to act recklessly anymore.
“It’s a flower that could charm a person’s heart. The Dead Flower of Paradise could see through one’s past and past life.” Liu Quanchao said.
“We can only retreat for now.”
“Yeah. Otherwise, we’re all going to be killed by that flower. I don’t want to die in the hands of a plant.”
“Hear, hear. Looks like we’re fated to get the legendary Great Yu Soul Forming Light.”
“We will have a chance in the future. I rather fight a beast than die by getting devoured by a flower.”
Obviously, they were afraid of the flower. Only a deadman could really be still unfazed from encountering anything in this world.
“We… should back off and consider our next plan.” Man Shuai whispered.
Now, he was the only disciple of Profound Feng Sect in the group. Although, the other sect’s members weren’t a lot too. However, they’ll certainly be annihilated if this continued.
“You’re right. The Dead Flower of Paradise is hard to deal with. We may all possibly die here.” Jiang Hao said as the representative of the Profound Feng and Yellow Flame sect. Even though these two sects were weaker compared to the other two.
His suggestion was in-line with the majority, nobody cared about whose sect was stronger now, what mattered most was staying alive.
“Alright. Let’s go down from this mountain and decide what our next move shall be.” Liu Quanchao said even though he was unwilling.
That Dead Flower of Paradise was not something they could handle. Even Zhang Lei who knew about the flower had no solution for it.
“We can only back off for now. Perhaps, the Great Yu Soul Forming Light is not ours to take.” Zhang Lei looked at Liu Quanchao, clearly slightly disappointed.
However, it was a matter of life-and-death. He cannot play with the lives of his comrades. Even if he and Liu Quanchao have the strength to protect themselves, the others don’t.
He must make a decision, whether to retreat or move forward.
Zhang Lei actually wanted the Great Yu Soul Forming Light even though countless seniors were buried in this place. Mount Qi Ling was really a place of death. But he would still try to obtain the Great Yu Soul Forming Light. After all, everyone has their own dreams and this was his.
“Kakaka!”
“Kakaka!”
A sharp voice resounded in everyone’s ears. Most of them were shocked by the voice and scanned their surroundings. The sky suddenly became dark, the pillar of magma that was spewing out from the hole became higher and higher.
“What is that sound?!” Liu Quanchao said quietly.
It’s certainly not something good. No point staying here any longer, bad things may happen.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2329 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2330


Chapter 2330
Seal
“Let’s go. Let’s leave this place quickly.” Liu Quanchao and Zhang Lei looked at each other.
Both of them felt this was not ordinary. That sharp, weird voice felt like it could pierce the hearts of men. Their group was obviously scared, from the voice and of their dead comrades.
They would rather fight some beasts to death than to die in a god-knows-where-is-this mountain. Gloominess engulfed their hearts, even though the place was extremely hot, the chill in their hearts and spine was something else.
……….
Jiang Chen was flying towards Mount Qi Ling with his sword. But the moment he arrived, he saw that everything was quiet and calm around the mountain. He frowned as he looked at the scene. No trails could be found. He followed the trails and direction that was pointed out by Xue Qianying. But the trail stopped, there weren’t any other signs. Did they just vanish out of thin air?
“Weird…” Jiang Chen murmured.
He continued to search through the mountain in the air, but he could not see anything out of the ordinary. There wasn’t even a trace of a beast that was running rampant in other places. Did I come to the wrong place? He started to have some doubts. The group was definitely in front of him. He hypothesized that he had to continue further to meet up with them.
“Bah. I better check what’s in front.” Jiang Chen shook his head.
What was really happening was that on the Qi Ling mountain range, the entrance of the mountain was blocked by another large and sharp mountain. Hence, Jiang Chen missed the opportunity to meet up with the group and could not see the entrance.
……….
When the group reached the entrance, they found out that it was blocked off by a giant mountain.
“How is this possible? Why is the entrance of this cave sealed? Did we enter a sealed demonic place?” Somebody shouted in despair. Nobody could help them now, they have to rely on themselves to get out of this dangerous situation.
“It’s only a mountain. Break it open. I refuse to believe there are people that could stop me,” said Zhang Lei.
He then harrumphed and pierced the blockade with his powerful Red Tassel Purple-golden Spear*.
Read more chapter on NovelFull
Zhang Lei could easily shatter mountains and stones. But nothing happened to the mountain and he was pushed backwards by the countershock.
“This is a seal?!” Zhang Lei shouted.
The mountain was obviously a seal, an unbreakable seal. A seal was stronger than a formation. It was something that was put down by a powerful expert. Only someone stronger than the person who deployed the seal could break it, with brute force, to be exact. Obviously, Zhang Lei’s mighty strike wasn’t enough to break it.
“What?! A seal?!” Liu Quanchao’s expression drastically changed. There was a high possibility that they were trapped by someone.
“Sealed? Are we trapped?” Jiang Hao said as he clenched his teeth.
Nobody wanted to be trapped but that was the fact. There wasn’t a seal here before when they came in. How could anyone stay calm after finding out that they were trapped?
“What do we do now? We may have to try breaking through with all we’ve gpot.” Zhang Lei said. There was no other choice to be made.
*Kakaka!*
*Kakaka!*
The mysterious voice sounded once again. As if it was mocking them. That sound almost even broke their final mental defences, they were on the verge of breaking down.
“Do not let it affect you. Attack at full strength! This is our only chance.”
Liu Quanchao and Zhang Lei were the vanguards as they unleashed their most powerful strike towards the mountain. The dozen or so others also followed suit. But in the next moment, they were thrown backwards towards the belly of the mountain by the force of the seal.
Not even their mightiest strikes could break the seal!
“The air is getting thinner by the second. The magma has burnt away most of the breathable air. Now that we’re trapped here, we’ll surely die as time passes by if we can’t find a way out.” Jiang Hao said.
Even though he was unwilling to admit it, they didn’t have a choice. They were already trapped inside. The magma was burning off the oxygen at a tremendous speed, and they could hardly breathe. The chances of them surviving were getting lower by the second.
“I think we have been targeted by someone or… something.” Liu Quanchao murmured towards Zhang Lei.
He did not say it out loud because he feared that it may cause a panic. Moreover, their morale was at the lowest, they knew how dangerous their situation was.
“I pray that your guess is wrong,” Zhang Lei replied unwillingly.
He was worried about it too. That sound was an uncertain factor…
“Look. That Dead Flower of Paradise is starting to grow, it looks like it’s coming for us.” Man Shuai kept on retreating.
Just like what he said, the Dead Flower of Paradise was growing out long branches and vines that were quickly encircling them.
“Whether we live or die, we’ll have to slay this Dead Flower of Paradise first.”
Liu Quanchao cut down the branches that were growing from the flower. They were all prepared to fight until the very end.
Sturdy vines and branches grew out and were attempting to encircle the team. But Liu Quanchao and the rest wouldn’t just wait to be trapped and kept on cutting down the growing vines and branches. Those vines and branches that were cut bled, it was red in colour, just like human blood.
The Dead Flower of Paradise kept enclosing onto them. But Liu Quanchao and Zhang Lei managed to lead the group out of the enclosing vines. Other than the flower spores and the soul charming techniques it had, the flower did not really deal a lethal strike on the team.
Nevertheless, they all dared not to relax. As the Dead Flower of Paradise may not have that much power, something or someone powerful must be behind that Dead Flower of Paradise.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2330 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2331


Blade of Soul
Fear was suppressing everyone at the moment seeing that the Dead Flower of Paradise was growing at an insanely rapid speed. It was difficult for Liu Quanchao and Zhang Lei to resist the flower. They were only able to stay alive until now because of their strength. The people behind them were all tangled by the Dead Flower of Paradise and were unable to run away.
“Hahaha. It’s out of my expectation that you, humans would dare to come here. Seems like you guys don’t remember the lesson of the past.”
A humpbacked old macaque walked out slowly from the Dead Flower of Paradise. It was covered with long black fur while its eyes were swollen and had a protruding mouth. The beast released a strong sense of ruthlessness and his eyes were filled with killing intent.
“Who are you?”
Liu Quanchao looked at the black-furred macaque and asked with a deep voice.
“Who am I? Hehe I am afraid that I almost forget about that. Since you have come into this Mount Qi Ling, I have always been here. I guess soon I am going to break through.”
The Old Macaque answered with a smile but his voice sounded bone-chilling. It was rough, deep and filled with slaughtering intent.
“There is no monster and beast in this mountain, isn’t it? Or is it that you’ve oust all of them?” Zhang Lei said.
Old Macaque stretched itself and said relaxingly, “It can be said like that. You guys are so lucky to be here. After killing you, I am going to round it off. Hehe. Great Yu Soul Forming Light will be complete and I will be released finally. After all these years, age has not eroded my bones.”
Zhang Lei looked at the Old Macaque with excitement and said, “Great Yu Soul Forming Light? Do you have it?”
“That’s right. I might have passed away without the Great Yu Soul Forming Light. You are going to my last wicks. Haha.”
“You… Are you the Heavenly Divine Macaque who was under the Hidden Secret Divine Emperor in the past?”
Li Quanchao took a step backward, he was dumbfounded. He had once heard that the master of the Hidden Secret Realm was Hidden Secret Divine Emperor. There was a macaque under him. The macaque was his most beloved macaque who used to cultivate at the Great Yu Soul Forming Light.As its strength was formidable, it was called the Heavenly Divine Macaque.
“Hehe. I never expected that people would still remember me after a hundred thousand years. It’s not easy.”
Old Macaque smiled and shook his head lightly.
The beast was recalling his old memory and murmured, “Nothing will leave this place. I am indeed the Old Macaque who sat under Hidden Secret Divine Emperor. The Great Yu Soul Forming Light once has saved my life and made me stay here forever. Unfortunately, it was broken when Hidden Secret Divine Emperor fell. I could only be reborn if I could rekindle the wick with souls. The wick had been nurtured by 99.99 million human souls. Over the hundred thousand years, I have gathered all of the human souls to refine the wick. Then I would be reborn to the world. Master, although you have passed away, I, Old Macaque, will not let your life be wasted.”
“This Heavenly Divine Macaque is exactly the Heavenly Divine Macaque who was under the Hidden Secret Divine Emperor in the old days. We don’t have any chance of survival.”
Liu Chaoquan spoke to himself in a low voice. The Old Macaque gave him a strange feeling as if it was mystical. Even if he joined hands with Zhang Lei, they would not be a match for him. Moreover, the Dead Flower of Paradise was there suppressing them. Their chances of living were cut off.
“You have sacrificed so many lives in order to exchange your own life. You’re so cruel.”
Zhang Lei was gritting  his teeth while saying that. The Great Yu Soul Forming Light was almost done refining but his opportunity was messed up by the Old Macaque.
“Life is worthless and life and death are only a blink of an eye. It’s your fortune to be used to refine the wick. Hehe.”
Old Macaque said. He did not treat Zhang Lei and others as humans because he only cared about his being reborn.
“You are only a spiritual entity right now. Even if you were formidable in the past, it doesn’t mean anything right now.”
Zhang Lei said in an unreconciled manner, now wanting to give up easily in this battle.
“Because I have the Great Yu Soul Forming Light.”
Old Macaque smiled faintly. In an instant, an ancient bronze lamp appeared on his hand that was filled with an oppressive aura. Everyone was stunned for a while and their face became incomparably solemn. They all felt the great pressure and suppression released from the lamp.
“The Great Yu Soul Forming Light is really terrifying! It’s only the afterglow of the light but we have already felt restrained,” said Zhang Lei in a low voice.
Now he realised that his initial thought was like a  fool talking about his unrealistic dreams. It was impossible for him to obtain the formidable Great Yu Soul Forming Light. The Old Macaque was definitely a cruel killer as it had killed millions of people and drew out their soul to refine its wick. It did all these for his own rebirth and this really provoked public indignation.
“You don’t have any way out now. Accept your judgement. You are the honoured one because the wick of Great Yu Soul Forming Light will be rekindled again because of you.”
Old Macaque smiled, his eyes were blazing. It has been a hundred thousand years living for the Great Yu Soul Forming Light. In order to gain rebirth and be a hero, he had killed millions of people. Of course, he was very excited for the moment when the refining process of the wick was complete.
At the moment, the magma was boiling intensely and it spurted a magmatic column that was around a thousand metres high. It poured down on the ground and the temperature rose up drastically. Everyone was shocked and withdrew themselves backwards. The Great Yu Soul Forming Light in Old Macaque’s hand seemed suppressing their soul hardly even though he had not taken any direct action yet. This had revealed the dreadfulness of the Great Yu Soul Forming Light.
“I don’t want to die. Even if I become a ghost, I will not let you this old bastard. Argh…”
Read latest Chapters at WuxiaWorld.Site Only
“I hate you, you-this old macaque. You should die.”
Everyone hated Old Macaque. The Great Yu Soul Forming Light remained suppressing everyone’s soul and they could not counterattack at all. Only Zhang Lei, Liu Quanchao and Jiang Hao managed to withstand the suppression but they looked struggling.
“It’s our final fight. Even though we might die, we must try.”
Zhang Lei gave Jiang Hao and Liu Chaoquan a glance. Despite the suppression, they crashed towards Old Macaque fiercely. Old Macaque smiled and raised his hands. A blue light shone out from the Great Yu Soul Forming Light.
“Be careful, that’s the Blade of Soul!”
As soon as Zhang Lei finished his words, Jiang Hao and Liu Quanchao were immediately repulsed and injured by the Blade of Soul. They looked terrible. One of Jiang Hao’s arms was chopped off by the Blade of Soul and blood spurted out continuously. Jiang Hao looked pale. The Blade of Soul seemed to have pierced through his body. He kneeled down on the ground and did not even have the strength to stand up.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2331 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2332


The One Who Sealed the Mountain
“It’s dreadful!”
Liu Quanchao’s countenance fell because the both of them were their last hope. They could not fall at this critical moment.
“Let’s fight!”
Liu Quanchao rushed into the battle with his long sword.
“Heavenly Astral Sword Stained with Royal Blood!”
The sharpness of Liu Chaoquan’s sword fell down from the heaven which caused a deafening bang. Magma were rolling fiercely and fire towered to the sky. It’s full of overbearing momentum but Old Macaque remained calm and unaffected.
Old Macaque made another strike of Blade of Soul which instantly overcame Liu Quanchao’s Heavenly Astral Sword Stained with Royal Blood effortlessly. Not to be outdone, Zhang Lei took action against the attack but failed to wound Old Macaque. Both of them were repulsed and looked embarrassed. They were Late True God experts, but they were still not a match for Old Macaque.
“Even if he is just a spiritual entity, his strength has reached the peak of True God Realm. With the Great Yu Soul Forming Light in his hand, we definitely are not a match for him.”
Zhang Lei smiled bitterly and kept withdrawing himself. His face was filled with despair. At then end, they were utterly routed and lost all of their hope.
“Are we really going to be buried here? I never foresee this. Never.”
Liu Quanchao closed his eyes as if he was waiting for death. Old Macaque completely suppressed their souls and he could kill them anytime with his Blade of Soul.
“A bunch of punks. Accept your destiny of death.”
Old Macaque said faintly, but his eyes were burning with passion. He finally could truly live like how he was living a hundred thousand years ago. All of these years, he had been living in the Great Yu Soul Forming Light and each day was like a year for him. He would finally be free soon.
Bang!
The sound of mountains cracking came out from their head. Everyone looked at the void above and realised that the seal was shattered. As the mountain rumbled, the entire peak of the mountain sunk into the magma.
“Who is that?”
Old Macaque raised his head up suddenly and looked at the void. A thin physique stood on the void with his overbearing aura.
“It’s him! Jiang Chen!”
“Has Jiang Chen come to save us? Are we going to be saved?”
“It’s him! It’s him!”
Jiang Hao looked at Jiang Chen. He felt that Jiang Chen was extraordinary at this particular moment. Jiang Chen’s arrival had also proved that he had a good judgment on people’s character. They had made an effort to break the seal but failed to do so but Jiang Chen managed to break it.
Zhang Lei and Liu Chaoquan exchanged a glance and saw that each other’s eyes were filled with surprise. Some of them even almost shed their tears of joy. The suppression of the soul had almost defeated all of them. Although they had not even fought yet, their heart actually had collapsed. But when Jiang Chen arrived, he was like an unparalleled war god who gave them hope.
“You have ignored the seal?”
Old Macaque stared at Jiang Chen while gritting his teeth.
“Is it very strong? The mountain was shattered after I made a blow.”
Jiang Chen clapped his hand while he looked solemn.
“He’s only an Early True God, how could he possibly be …..unless…. He is the person who sealed the mountain!”
Old Macaque’s eyes carried a sense of surprise but he was not sure about that. Even a Heavenly God might not be able to break the sealed mountain. But Jiang Chen, who is a True God, managed to do that. This had shown that he was the person who sealed the mountain! However, it was not possible. How would it be possible that the person who sealed the mountain was still alive in the world?
Actually when Jiang Chen first left Mount Qi Ling, he had already found this mountain was unusual as there was no trace of any monster or beast. That was why he returned and casted the Great Divination Art with enormous effort. He managed to figure out what had happened in the past in this place and obtained some blurring impression. That was why he was sure that there were people trapped here. The Great Divination Art had helped Jiang Chen to make the decision and saved their lives now!
“You’re just an Early True God. How daring of you to meddle in my business. All of you are going to stay here and help me refine the wick of Great Yu Soul Forming Light.”
Old Macaque’s eyes released intense killing intent. In order to be reborn and make great achievements, he wouldn’t let go of anyone here even if the person was a Heavenly King.
Although he was a bit concerned about Jiang Chen’s arrival, he would not spare anyone who wanted to stop him right now. Jiang Chen was only an Early True God, even if he was able to shatter the seal on the mountain. Old Macaque did really find Jiang Chen impressive and felt suspicious about his identity. From the facts, the person who sealed this mountain should be already dead. Furthermore, who would want to seal a young guy that was only at the True God Realm?
In Man Shuai’s heart, he was incomparably excited after finally seeing hope. Jiang Chen was always able to create miracles. His arrival was confronting everyone. Regardless of win or loss, at least they were not going through the battle by themselves. He felt that Jiang Chen was his true comrade as he was the only remaining one from the Profound Feng Sect. Jiang Chen’s arrival had strengthened his spirit.
“Although Jiang Chen managed to break through the seal, will he be able to save us from this misery?”  Zhang Lei questioned.
Jiang Chen had demonstrated great strength in their past encounter, but he was still only an Early True God. Did he really have the battle strength to deal with Old Macaque whom they, as Late True God, failed to resist?
“Hope so. What you have thought is unnecessary,” Liu Quanchao said with a low voice.
When they first entered the Hidden Secret Realm, their Sect Lords had reminded them to always help Jiang Chen. However, it was out of their expectation that the situation was turned around. Right now, they needed Jiang Chen to save them. Undeniably, it was a ridicule to Zhang Lei, Liu Chaoquan and others. Unfortunately, it was a fact that they were not a match to Old Macaque.
After some time to calm themselves down, they started to see Jiang Chen’s arrival in a rational way. Were they really going to entrust their hope of living to a True God disciple? Moreover, he had just advanced.
Read latest Chapters at WuxiaWorld.Site Only
“Jiang Chen, are you confident?”
Liu Quanchao asked.
“Nope.”
Jiang Chen said faintly but he looked relaxed which created a prominent contrast. Compared to others, he looked indifferent.
“Then…”
Zhang Lei frowned slightly and he could not help feeling worried deep in his heart.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2332 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2333


Chapter 2333
Why did I shed a tear?
Great Yu Soul Forming Light!
When Jiang Chen saw the Great Yu Soul Forming Light in Old Macaque’s hand, he was stunned for a while as it was not an ordinary Heavenly Divine Tool. It has already surpassed the existence of Heavenly Divine Tool and it was truly a piece of Origin Divine Tool! But currently, the Great Yu Soul Forming Light was completely broken. Jiang Chen did not have confidence to repair it as he could not even refine Heavenly Divine Tools. However, it was not completely impossible for him to repair the Great Yu Soul Forming Light as repairing was different from refining.
“I am going to take over the divine lamp.”
Jiang Chen curled up his mouth slightly with a face overflowing with a smile. This made Old Macaque become even more careful. Others might not find anything strange, but Old Macaque felt that Jiang Chen’s arrival and how he shattered the mountain were very unusual.
“If you’re the person who sealed the mountain, then I am going to obliterate any obstacle and attack you with everything I’ve got. Even if you’re the person who sealed it, you can’t stop me.”
Old Macaque murmured. He then took out a step forward and his Blade of Soul shone out from his Great Yu Soul Forming Light, pressing against Jiang Chen.
“Be careful, Jiang Chen! It’s the Blade of Soul. Don’t get hit, otherwise your soul will be injured.”
Liu Quanchao warned Jiang Chen as he was worried.
“Really? Then I am going to see how strong this Blade of Soul is.”
Jiang Chen was not afraid at all and fought with the Old Macaque immediately. Old Macaque continued casting the dreadful Blade of Soul but Jiang Chenc was like a fish swimming in the sea. The Blade of Soul could not do anything against him.
“Great Soul Derivation Technique!”
Jiang Chen squinted his eyes slightly as the Great Yu Soul Forming Light was indeed terrifying. If he did not use his Great Soul Derivation Technique, he would not be able to dodge the strike. The Great Soul Derivation Technique could resist the strike of the Blade of Soul coincidentally and that was why Jiang Chen was not afraid.
At this moment, everyone was dumbstruck. Including Old Macaque, who found it hard to believe that Jiang Chen was able to press against him step by step. Although Jiang Chen was only an Early True God, he was not injured by the Blade of Soul. This made Old Macaque can’t help but get more surprised, gaining more understanding about Jiang Chen.
“It’s impossible. This is only possible if your spiritual strength has surpassed the Heavenly God Realm, otherwise, it is impossible for you to withstand the Blade of Soul,” Old Macaque said ruthlessly.
Read more chapter on NovelFull
“This guy is indeed quite monstrous. We were unable to withstand the Blade of Soul and dare not to fight it at the cost of our life. But for him, he is like entering another realm where no one can hurt him. The Blade of Soul can’t hurt him at all, can it?”
Zhang Lei murmured as he could not believe what was happening in front of his eyes. At the same time, he felt discouraged because Jiang Chen was only an Early True God while he was a Late True God. There was a huge gap between their cultivation realm yet he was inferior compared to Jiang Chen. Of course, Zhang Lei could not suppress the feeling in his heart.
Jiang Hao was the one who could testify the dreadfulness of the Blade of Soul as he had completely lost his combat strength after being struck by it earlier. Jiang Chen’s arrival and performance brought him hope. There were only two people on the spot who had high confidence in Jiang Chen: Jiang Hao and Man Shuai.
“The Blade of Soul is only like this?”
Even though Old Macaque had continuously casted the terrifying Blade of Soul from the Great Yu Soul Forming Light, it seemed to have not affected Jiang Chen at all. Finally Old Macaque had become solemn, thinking that this Early True God wasn’t easy to deal with.
“Since the Great Yu Soul Forming Light can’t injure you, then I am going to try using the strength of the Dead Flower of Paradise and see whether you can resist it or not.”
Old Macaque snorted coldly and took a step backward while the Dead Flower of Paradise grew quickly, locking the whole place so that Jiang Chen could not retreat. Jiang Chen, filled with ruthlessness, started striking with his Heavenly Dragon Sword. Each of his strikes was filled with formidable strength. The Heavenly Dragon Sword cut off the branches of the Dead Flower of Paradise. The branches started shrinking and stopped growing after being cut off by the sword. It was hard for the Dead Flower of Paradise that lost its vitality to create any pressure against Jiang Chen.
“Do you think it’s over? Then you’re too naive. Hahaha.”
“Be careful. The dreadfulness of the Dead Flower of Paradise isn’t its branches but it’s power of charm.”
Liu Quanchao exclaimed but it seemed too late now.
Old Macaque shouted in a weird voice then the pollen of the Dead Flower of Paradise spurted out immediately. Purple light swept across Jiang Chen, making him fall into confusion at this moment.
What Jiang Chen could see right now was that the glamorous places and flowing lights around were turning into ruins. Ferocious beasts roared loudly but then they died in an instant while ancient formidable gods were all turned into corpses.
The earth was roaring in rage, the ocean was rolling and the sky was crying in misery. Everything was broken and shattered as if it was the last day of the world. Jiang Chen was like an outsider, watching all of these in silence but he felt pain growing in his heart.
Jiang Chen pressed his chest tightly and kneeled down on the ground unexpectedly.
“It’s dreadful. Why did I shed a tear?”
Jiang Chen murmured as tears rolled down from his eyes unconsciously.
“You should die!”
Old Macaque roared in rage and his voice was like the sound of bells surrounding Jiang Chen’s ears. Jiang Chen’s chest was hit by Old Macaque hardly and he was sent flying. Jiang Chen fell near to the magma and blood spurted out from his mouth. Jiang Chen still could not forget the scene he had seen with his eyes just a moment ago.
If it was not Jiang Chen but other ordinary True Gods, they might have been killed by Old Macaque’s attack.
However, Jiang Chen only patted off the dust on his clothes and stood up again.
Liu Chaoquan and others who were nervous just now had become even more solemn now as they thought that Jiang Chen would’ve died. But now, they saw him standing up again and he did not seem to be injured badly.
The Profound Heavenly Armour saved him at this critical moment. The Profound Heavenly Armour was not like the Heavenly Dragon Battle Armour that he needed to control. The armour could simply be put on and it’ll be able to defend Jiang Chen from a Heavenly God Realm experts’ attack. Although Old Macaque’s strike was formidable, it only managed to cause him a light shock and it was not even a minor injury.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2333 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2334


Chapter 2334
Overcome Old Macaque with great strength
“How is this possible? My Hammer of Storm is a Heavenly Divine Tool. No one can withstand its strike. You are only a True God bastard, why didn’t you die?”
Old Macaque was provoked and infuriated. This guy was like a Texas cockroach that no one can eliminate. Both the Blade of Soul and Dead Flower of Paradise were not able to defeat him, and even his overbearing Hammer of Storm could not kill him. He could only use the word “abnormal” to describe Jiang Chen’s defence.
“He really didn’t disappoint us.”
Jiang Hao who had lost one of his arms said faintly.
Jiang Chen managed to turn the battle situation around and this had proved that his existence surpassed everyone here. Even Zhang Lei and Liu Quanchao were not comparable with Jiang Chen as they were incapable of saving them. At this moment, Jiang Chen had really driven Old Macaque crazy.
“If the Dead Flower of Paradise could reflect people’s past life, then what would my past life be?”
Jiang Chen murmured, but he wasn’t able to see clearly what kind of place that was and how that place existed. He was like an outsider watching the battle and he was unsure if what he saw was related to him or not.
“Dead Flower of Paradise, a thought that brings death!”
Old Macaque struck another heavy blow. The Dead Flower of Paradise bloomed, engulfing Jiang Chen at this moment. Its dreadful strength swept across in all directions and everyone withdrew themselves immediately. Inadvertently, Jiang Chen had already been engulfed by the Dead Flower of Paradise.
The Dead Flower of Paradise was gigantic, however, Jiang Chen suddenly woke up in the heart of the flower. He held the Heavenly Dragon Sword and made a tremendous blow against the flower. Actually, the Flower could not create any impact on Jiang Chen with its illusion because the Great Soul Derivation Technique helped Jiang Chen to gain absolute dominance in the battle of souls. It was hard for both the Blade of Soul and Dead Flower of Paradise to cause any injury to Jiang Chen.
At this moment, the Dead Flower of Paradise was almost smashed by Jiang Chen’s sword and it withered suddenly. All of a sudden, there was something falling down under the Dead Flower of Paradise. Jiang Chen was startled as it was a piece of gemstone that could be used for refining Divine Tools. It was huge and enough to refine a Heavenly Divine Tool.
“No wonder. The Dead Flower of Paradise already had its spiritual mentality even though it is under Old Macaque’s control. Seems like this piece of gemstone has played a crucial role in this.”
Jiang Chen thought. Old Macaque sent another two attacks but Jiang Chen only stood still with his irresistible momentum. Everyone in the spot, including Liu Chaoquan, were impressed by Jiang Chen and saluted him. Was he really only an Early True God? How could an Early True God be so formidable? Of course, one should not measure Jiang Chen’s strength with the usual standard.
Jiang Chen undeniably had become the war god of faith in their heart. Liu Chaoquan who was being told to protect Jiang Chen originally also felt the same as the others. Experts were destined to receive respect. It was undeniable that only experts would survive in this environment.
Read more chapter on NovelFull
“What kind of tricks do you still have? Use them now otherwise you might not have the chance anymore.” Jiang Chen said faintly.
“You’re so naive. Do you think that you have nothing to worry about after resisting my attack of the soul? Hahaha. Naive! Let me show you what’s truly an expert. Your cultivation realm is still too low.”
Old Macaque snorted. Holding his Hammer of Storm, he made a blow against Jiang Chen. Thunderstorms struck with terrifying lightning and the atmosphere suddenly became chaotic. The magma around was boiling up under the dreadful atmosphere and became extremely hot that it could melt everything.
“Deal with this thunderstorm!”
Old Macaque wielded his Hammer of Storm with an oppressive momentum. His soul hadn’t fully recovered yet, but his strength was already comparable to a Late True God. With the help of the Hammer of Storm, it was terrifying. If he managed to be reborn again with the Great Yu Soul Forming Light, he would be irresistible!
Countless wind blades broke through the sky and mountains were shattered into gravel. Jiang Chen sunk into the dusts as the Hammer of Storm struck dreadful lightning that seemed like falling down from a heavenly god. The dreadful strikes pressed against Jiang Chen. As a reply, Jiang Chen shook his body and roared madly. While holding the Heavenly Dragon Sword, he casted the Heavenly Dragon Battle Armour to resist Old Macaque’s strike.
Old Macaque was dumbstruck by Jiang Chen’s defence as even a half-step Heavenly God Realm expert might not dare to resist this strike of the Hammer of Storm. However, Jiang Chen was able to do it and he was not even injured.
A golden armour appeared on Jiang Chen’s body. The shadow of the dragon spread across everything while the dragon’s roar was echoing in the sky. As soon as the shadow of the dragon emerged, the Heavenly Dragon Battle Armour’s momentum became irresistible. Old Macaque could not help but take a few steps backwards while looking terrified. Holding his Hammer of Storm, he remained silent.
Jiang Chen was indeed very powerful, and Old Macaque wasn’t even able to break through his defence. At first, Old Macaque thought that the Hammer of Storm could put Jiang Chen into great danger, but it failed to do so.
Jiang Chen had used his strength to gain Old Macaque’s respect. As a result, Old Macaque could not help finding Jiang Chen worthy of his respect.
“How come this guy is this monstrous. It’s unbelievable.”
“Yes. Seems like hope is with us. Haha.”
“Don’t be too happy. Before the enemy is defeated, we should not be careless. Otherwise, our happiness might turn into misery.”
Everyone was very confident as Jiang Chen was their faith now. As long as he was not defeated, they would all be saved.
“In fact, you can’t defeat me,” Jiang Chen claimed.
At this moment, he was actually unbeatable. With the Profound Heavenly Armour and Heavenly Dragon Battle Armour, no one including Heavenly God Realm experts could defeat him.
Right now, apparently Old Macaque has fallen into a predicament. It was out of its expectation that an Early Void God could defeat him. It was the first time ever that something like this has happened. Old Macaque had dealt with half-step Heavenly God Realm experts before, but it never suffered from a result like this.
“This guy is incredibly formidable.”
Liu Quanchao said in a low voice while squinting his eyes. Jiang Chen’s strength had sparked his curiosity. He was slightly convinced by Jiang Chen’s strength right now, as Jiang Chen brought hope to everyone here. Jiang Chen’s a guy who deserved his respect.
On the other hand, Zhang Lei craved for the Great Yu Soul Forming Light as it was the thing that he really wanted.
The dreadful power of the Great Yu Soul Forming Light could not be displayed when dealing with Jiang Chen and it seemed useless. However, Zhang Lei deeply believed that its formidableness could not be denied. Even though it was broken, ordinary people like them could not withstand its fearsomeness.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2334 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2335


Chapter 2335
Giant Magma Beast
“You looked too happy. But I don’t believe that I can’t eliminate you today.”
Old Macaque was enraged. Using the enormous hammer in his hand, he created deafening sounds that tore the sky apart. Jiang Chen shuttled between the void with his Phantom Wolf Clone Technique and managed to dodge the magmatic columns, and it also made Old Macaque unable to catch his trace. Moreover, his Heavenly Dragon Sword was still threatening Old Macaque all the time. Although he was only at the Early True God Realm, he was not any inferior than a Late True God. The Heavenly Dragon Sword had made a huge contribution for him in this battle.
This guy is absolutely not an ordinary person!
Old Macaque’s gaze looked dreadful. He must eliminate Jiang Chen, otherwise, his heart would never feel relieved because he did not know the background of this guy. Jiang Chen being able to enter a no man’s land and managing to destroy the sealed mountain had proved that he was not afraid of the seal. And the only justification why he was not afraid was because he was the one who made the seal.
Jiang Chen ruined what Old Macaque was ready to do. If Jiang Chen arrived slightly later, Old Macaque would be able to kill all of the people here and refined the Great Yu Soul Forming Light. If that happened, he would not be afraid of Jiang Chen at all. Unfortunately, things didn’t turn out as he wished. He did not make it to the last moment and achieved his transformation. The Great Yu Soul Forming Light was his only hope now.
One more important thing for him was that even though his master Hidden Realm Divine Emperor had already been absorbed into Divine Tomb, the only thing he had been relying on to survive until now was the Great Yu Soul Forming Light. The Great Yu Soul Forming Light was an Ancient Divine Tool which was extremely terrifying. If he lost it, it would be the end of his life as well.
It had been hundreds and thousands of years. Old Macaque would not allow anyone to ruin his plan. Over the years, he had been dreaming of this very day. He almost finished but who knew that Jiang Chen would suddenly appear and stop him. His rage towards Jiang Chen was imaginable and he wished to shatter him into thousand pieces.
“Game will be over soon. I don’t want to continue to play with you anymore.”
Jiang Chen sneered and turned himself into a sword. The Fusion of Dragon and Sword was suddenly formed up and swept across the universe. Golden brilliance shone out everywhere; it was terrifying. Zhang Lei, Liu Quanchao and the others, who all looked pale now, could not help withdrawing themselves.
“Such an overbearing Fusion of Dragon and Sword! Even if we join hands together, we might not dare to confront this strike.”
Liu Quanchao said. He found Jiang Chen even more admiring now as Jiang Chen was indeed a genius young man and he could be considered as the peerless one!
“Hammer of Strom, break out! Smash the universe!”
Old Macaque held the Hammer of Storm and fought Jiang Chen with his utmost effort. Their clash’s terrifying aura broke the magmatic column into pieces. The scene was terrifying. With the Fusion of Dragon and Sword, Jiang Chen’s Heavenly Dragon Sword suppressed Old Macaque hardly and even his Hammer of Storm was blown out. His face looked serious as he was injured severely.
“You’re still defeated by me,” Jiang Chen said faintly.
“Am I? Not yet. Right now you have really provoked my anger. You are indeed powerful, but unfortunately, you are going to be defeated here. You are a genius whom I would find a bit terrifying. If your cultivation realm advances in the future, I can’t imagine what you would do. So, I am going to kill you for everyone’s sake! Hahaha.”
Old Macaque smiled cunningly and took a few steps backwards. He waved his hands and triggered the cultivation art in his hand.
“What’s the old monkey doing? It has been defeated, or perhaps it still has other trump cards?”
“It’s hard to say since it was the Heavenly Old Macaque who was once under the Hidden Secret Divine Emperor. He already has the Great Yu Soul Forming Light in its hand. It’s hard to say what’s going to happen.”
“Hurry up, Jiang Chen. Just eliminate it.”
“I hope so. But Old Macaque doesn’t seem like bragging.”
“Look! The magma is going to spray outwardly. We must resist it with our utmost effort, otherwise, we might be turned into ashes.”
Indeed, as soon as Jiang Hao finished his words, the magma sprayed outwardly towards them and formed up an enormous flaming swirl.
“It doesn’t look easy.”
Jiang Chen smiled and snorted in irritation.
“What’s under the magma? Just show yourself.”
Roar…!
A deafening roar sounded from the swirl. It couldn’t be seen yet but it seemed very terrifying.
“It became more exciting now,” Jiang Chen murmured.
At that moment, a magmatic giant climbed up slowly from the swirl. The temperature around rose up drastically. The flaming giant was formed up by the magma. Its fiery eyes could pierce through people’s eyes and put people’s hearts on fire. Its dreadfulness caused great pressure against everyone there and they started feeling despair.
When the giant appeared, everyone could feel the dreadful heat as the temperature around increased suddenly. Even Jiang Chen could feel slightly powerless in front of the magmatic beast’s strength as its cultivation realm reached Heavenly God Realm!
“Such a gigantic beast!”
Jiang Chen’s eyesight looked cold but he could not withstand the dreadful heat released by the magmatic beast. He could not help but take a few steps backward.
“You guys can sacrifice your souls now. Starting from this moment, I announce that your souls will be my slaves forever. Especially you, I will not let you go and you will suffer forever.”
Old Macaque shouted and pointed at Jiang Chen. The giant magma beast kept patting its chest, as if it would erupt and cause more dreadful damage anytime.
“Oh my god! Is heaven thinking of killing me? This is… Heavenly God Realm, a Heavenly God Realm magma beast.”
“Yea. It’s not a half-step Heavenly God but truly a Heavenly God Realm!”
Everyone took a deep breath as they felt that they were falling into hell from heaven. Perhaps Jiang Chen couldn’t be defeated by Old Macque who was a Late True God, but it was difficult for him to confront a Heavenly God Realm magmatic beast. The existence of the beast was like God!
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2335 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2336


Chapter 2336
It’s Qilin’s time to shine!
The ten zhang tall magma beast with fiery eyes couldn’t be stopped. It leapt out of the magma pool, a heatwave spread across the field, everybody stepped back with a pale expression as their backs were drenched by sweat.
The giant magma beast made everyone shiver in fear. As it stepped onto one of the boulders, black smoke came from its feet and the boulder collapsed. The beast was continuously gasping, each breath it took burst a large amount of magma and dropped onto the floor. It was terrifying, the might of a Heavenly God Realm cannot be stopped!
“Let’s see how you’re going to fight me this time!” Old Macaque stared at Jiang Chen. He will not let this fella get away today.
“That thing is unbeatable!” Jiang Hao too was feeling somewhat despaired.
Old Macaque was full of deadly schemes and tricks, plus he was extremely powerful. He was stronger than Jiang Chen… they were put in a terrible situation.
“Everyone! Retreat from this place!” Jiang Chen shouted.
Liu Quanchao and Zhang Lei looked at each other with doubt. But they realised that Jiang Chen wanted to fight Old Macaque towards the end. The others had to leave, otherwise, the damage their battle would cause will be inflicted upon the others. As the energy that comes from a Heavenly God was not something they could withstand.
“But… what happens to you if we retreat?” Man Shuai’s expression was filled with unwillingness. He did not want to leave even if it would cost his life.
Because if Jiang Chen died while fighting for them, then he will live the remainder of his life with regret. Plus, his second life was also granted by Jiang Chen, that benevolence was not something he could forget.
“Stop it, leave quickly, otherwise, we’ll all die here. You’ll only be my baggage if all of you stay here,” Jiang Chen said without holding back.
At this moment, every one of them became firm. They had to leave while Jiang Chen fought with his life on the line. They would waste Jiang Chen’s benevolence if they were stubborn and cause more troubles for him.
“Everyone, leave! Except for me and Liu Quanchao. Leave! Otherwise, to be killed on the spot!” Zhang Lei said coldly.
At this moment, Man Shuai was pulled away by others and Jiang Chen watched him getting pulled away. Man Shuai knew that Jiang Chen’s unwavering decision does not allow him to dispute. Even though he was unwilling to admit it but he was a piece of baggage for Jiang Chen and he must not hinder him.
“Trying to leave? Kakaka, it’s not as easy as you think. Giant Magma Beast, attack! Tear them into pieces, I want their souls to receive the torture of being burned, I want them to wish that they’re dead. Kakaka!” Old Macaque roared hysterically.
Following the order, the magma beast leapt up with its giant body, shocking everyone in the process. Jiang Chen attacked the beast with his blade but it immediately grabbed the blade, making it extremely hot and it became bright red in the process. However, the magma beast was unsuccessful in melting the sword and the wielder, Jiang Chen was only pushed back for several hundred metres away.
“To think your blade did not shatter from the attack. Looks like my eyes are not as great as before. That sword is probably even better than the Storm Hammer.” Old Macaque giggled as he slightly coveted the Heavenly Dragon Sword.
“Scram! Quickly!” Jiang Chen roared as he instantly pushed Man Shuai and the others down.
Leaving on Liu Quanchao and Zhang Lei, the three of them face the beast. They were forced back by the beast just from its appearance. The gap between them was large without a doubt.
The others felt like they were showered by a raging hot flame as they backed off in a terrible manner. Other than Jiang Chen, Zhang Lei and Liu Quanchao, the rest were forced back in just a single strike.
Jiang Chen’s expression became cold. He had to unleash his true abilities now.
“You can never defeat the magma beast. This Heavenly God Realm magma beast is as strong as a Divine Beast. How could you ever hope to beat it?” Old Macaque’s sneering voice reached Zhang Lei and Liu Quanchao’s ears.
Both of them bitterly laughed as they could not defend against the attacks of the magma beast at all.
“Fire Qilin, come out!” Jiang Chen took out the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda and shook it.
A Fire Qilin with flames covering its body instantly appeared and faced the magma beast. A shred of the terrifying hades flame could be seen on its horn, its body was just like the magma beast, covered with flames.
“This is……”
“Fire Qilin! It’s the Fire Qilin! To think he has a Fire Qilin as his ride.” Liu Quanchao’s jaw was opened wide in shock, in absolute shock.
This Fire Qilin was extremely strong, but from the looks of it, it was still slightly weaker than the magma beast.
“Kakaka. This is unexpected! You’re a mysterious guy, to think you could even subdue a Fire Qilin. In the past, my master tried to subdue a Water Qilin but failed. Although this Fire Qilin looks strong and may even scare a true dragon and other divine beasts, it is still weaker than the magma beast,” Old Macaque said confidently.
Even if Jiang Chen had a Fire Qilin as his trump card, it only made him become slightly serious. Yet Zhang Lei and Liu Quanchao became dumbfounded. This fella was like a treasure box, anything could come out from his body. Even a Fire Qilin was under his command, how many trump cards does he have?
“It’s just a giant magma beast, what does it have to fight me? I do not fear it even if it’s cultivation realm is higher than mine.”
Fire Qilin roared and spewed out a flame as he leapt towards the skies.
“I hope so.” Old Macaque was confident in the giant magma beast.
“Is there a problem? Fire Qilin.”Jiang Chen asked, slightly worried.
Since the Fire Qilin was just a Half-Step Heavenly God and the opponent was a real Heavenly God.
“I am more confident if you would help me.” Fire Qilin sincerely said while he glanced at Jiang Chen.
Jiang Chen also guessed it. He too had to join in to fight the beast to ensure complete victory. Because it’s a bit hard for Fire Qilin to face the beast alone. After all, the beast was at the level of a divine beast, it’s not an easy foe to deal with.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2336 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2337


Chapter 2337
Life, death and the greater good
The beast was born from the magma and lived in the magma. It was at the Heavenly God Realm and those below it stood no chance against.
“I fear Jiang Chen may face an unfortunate end. We managed to run away but they’re trapped with the beast.”
“Yes. That beast is too strong. I never want to see it again. We don’t have what it takes to face a Heavenly God.”
“Agreed. I think Jiang Chen, Brother Liu and Brother Zhang may not come back.”
“It’s impossible for us to face a Heavenly God. Same goes to that Peak Late True God old monkey! Even more so with our current condition. We need to get out of here as soon as possible. Otherwise, we’ll be meeting lady death the moment the magma beast comes for us.”
Everyone felt relieved after going through a dangerous situation and gasped for breath with a terrible expression. They finally got out from that terrible place. This Qi Lin Mountain was too scary.
“Can’t you all stop talking for once? Do you not know who are the ones that save all our asses? Talking some bullsh*t right now. I am ashamed of all of you.” Jiang Hao shouted with a gloomy expression.
He felt disgusted by these shameless fellas. Jiang Chen risked his life to protect them, yet they only thought about themselves. Other than some slight pity, they only thought about how they could live on, regardless of how others were faring. Jiang Hao didn’t want to be in league with such people.
“Bunch of shameless fools.” Man Shuai was standing on Jiang Hao’s side.
Because if it weren’t for Jiang Chen driving him away, he would’ve stood with Jiang Chen and fought towards the end but these fellas only thought of running away.
“Hehe. Easy for you to say. Big talk coming from you guys. We obviously want to stay back and help them. But what do you think we can do if we stayed back? We’re just fodders, fodders that will die without being able to contribute anything. Why not we get away from there and we’ll be able to at least protect some hope from our four great sects.” The people of the Heavenly Star Sect said as he looked at Jiang Hao and Man Shuai with disdain.
“Yes. The brother from the Heavenly Star Sect is right. This is normal. ‘Where there is life, there is hope’ is it not? We are the hopes of the Heavenly Star Sect and Earthly Hades Sect. What do you guys know? This is for the greater good.”
“We’re not some suicide squad that will seek our own death. Wouldn’t we disappoint Jiang Chen and the others if we don’t live on? Brother Zhang and Brother Liu are true heroes. We feel proud of their deaths. Brother Jiang Chen is also a prodigy in our generation. We shall remember them forever. But now we must leave here first. Otherwise, when that magma beast comes for us, death only awaits us.”
“Agreed. Let’s quickly run away now. We will not stop you two if the both of you want to die here. Hehe. Then this is where we shall part ways.”
The ten of them grouped up and left, swiftly leaving the mountain. Because they fear that the magma beast will pursue them and that will be a terrible fate.
Jiang Hao and Man Shuai looked at each other with eyes filled with bitterness. Their words weren’t unreasonable. But the situation of Jiang Chen and the other two was unknown. It would be heartless of them to just leave. Is that what a human should do?
“They are right. To continue living, for the sake of oneself, one would even resort to cannibalism. But some things are much more important than just living.”
Jiang Hao looked at Man Shuai with his lips curved.
“Even though we do not have that so-called greater good, we still cannot die a meaningless death. To live for countless decades, we must at least leave something behind. To live without a dream, it’s the same as being a walking-corpse.”
“If Jiang Chen really died, I fear we will not be able to proceed further in this Hidden Secret Realm.” Jiang Hao sighed. His current strength was only in the Early True God realm after he had lost an arm. He’ll certainly not live through if they were to face any danger now.
The magma beast took a step forward and shook the mountain, causing the magma to spew out from the mountain like it was raining. Jiang Chen just stood proudly while the magma hit his body. No burns could be seen on his body.
The Fire Qilin also wasn’t planning to lose out. He and the magma beast continued to clash against one another. Terrifying flames were being generated throughout the battlefield and the temperature kept on rising. Zhang Lei and Liu Quanchao could only do their best to protect themselves, it would be hard for them to assist in the battle.
The clash between the beast and the Fire Qilin was exceptionally intense. The Fire Qilin was extremely pressured as the weaker one, and could only passively defend against the attacks from the enemy. Even so, he did not appear to be losing. After all, he was an ancient beast, peerless, unmatched, one that was equal to the true dragons. Legends have it that Qilin was the king of the beasts, much more powerful than the Azure Dragon, White Tiger, Vermillion and Xuanwu (the turtle). But that was the golden Qilin. The four elements Qilin was on the same level as the divine beasts.
The magma beast unleashed some powerful attacks but the Fire Qilin was keeping his cool and backed off, retreating. At this moment, Jiang Chen could feel that the Fire Qilin was getting pressured. Since the magma beast was stronger than the Fire Qilin in terms of cultivation realm, even if the Qilin was a divine beast it could not best its opponent yet.
“Jiang Chen, why are you not attacking now? What are you waiting for?” Fire Qilin shouted.
Even though Jiang Chen was just an Early True God, the Fire Qilin knew how strong he was. As he may not even best him if Jiang Chen were to go all-out. At this moment, the Fire Qilin really hoped that Jiang Chen could unleash his explosive strength towards the enemy.
“Alright!” Jiang Chen said as he swiftly attacked with the Heavenly Dragon Sword in his hand.
He struck upon the beast and flame spew out from where the hit landed. The heatwave spread upon Jiang Chen but he was unfazed by it. Because he was protected by the Five Elemental True Fire.
“Good lad, not even the magma could do anything to you. Looks like I have looked down upon you. Your soul must be worth a hundred more times than the others. ” Old Macaque said with a pale smile.
*Roar!*
The magma beast roared at Jiang Chen, proclaiming its dominance towards its opponent.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2337 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2338


Immortal
“Let’s join them. The more people fighting the battle, the better. This old monkey doesn’t look like it’ll let this pass.” Liu Quanchao shouted.
“Let’s observe a little longer, we’re not that old monkey’s match even if we rush in now. We can act when the situation gets dire. If Jiang Chen couldn’t handle it then we too are both waiting to die.”
Liu Quanchao sighed as Zhang Lei was right and slightly nodded in agreement. He could neither retreat nor move forward now. The danger Jiang Chen was facing was extraordinary. No matter if it was the Old Macaque or the magma beast, both were devastating foes. Even though the Great Yu Soul Forming Light was useless against Jiang Chen, it could easily deal with Liu Quanchao and Zhang Lei.
Jiang Chen faced Old Macaque and the giant magma beast. However, Old Macaque didn’t want to lose out and ordered the magma beast to retaliate.
“Giant magma beast! Erupt! Devour them and you shall become much stronger!” Old Macaque said.
The beast leapt up and landed on its opponent, following Old Macaque’s command. Magma poured out from where it stepped its foot on. Jiang Chen was covered with magma but he was unfazed by it.
Old Macaque was slightly shocked. How can this fella be so powerful? What gives? He felt that this opponent was slightly abnormal.
The Fire Qilin roared and continuously clashed with the magma beast. Tremors occurred from their clash. Both of these parties were using flames as their arsenal. Hence none of them had managed to overpower one another in the meantime. Only the one with the higher cultivation realm has the advantage. Yet, Jiang Chen was no weak foe, he was the biggest threat for the magma beast.
“Slaughter Dragon Seal!”
The seal landed onto the beast but it only managed to slightly move its giant body.
“Such domineering defence!” Jiang Chen felt shocked.
“Do you think you’re the only one with a good defence? Kakaka. The magma beast’s unique trait is its flame attacks and defence. If your Qilin is a Water Qilin and not a Fire Qilin, maybe, you could fight toe-to-toe against the magma beast. But with both being of the same attribute, one’s cultivation realm comes into play, the Fire Qilin stood no chance against it. And you, trying to break a Heavenly God’s defence with your abilities alone is just a pipe dream.” Old Macaque sneered as if it was mocking Jiang Chen.
Jiang Chen really could not break the magma beast’s defences!
“Oh really? I refuse to believe it!” Jiang Chen said coldly as he watched the Fire Qilin being forced backwards.
The Qilin was slightly injured by the magma beast. Jiang Chen must unleash his true strength now. Otherwise, they’ll surely die here.
“Witness my divine might! Unbreakable!” Jiang Chen roared and unleashed his Dragon Transformation skill, allowing him to reach the strength of a Late True God.
Jiang Chen was at his strongest now, with the indestructible Heavenly Dragon Sword that was masked by a seal, one would have a hard time identifying the might of the blade. At this moment, he had to go all-out.
“Shatter!”
Jiang Chen attacked using his blade, a force that could even push away a Half-Step Heavenly God. Jiang Chen refused to believe that he could not break the magma beast’s defence.
The magma beast staggered two-step backwards with fiery angry eyes, it shot out laser like flames towards Jiang Chen with its eyes.
Jiang Chen quickly retreated and defended with his blade, pushing him several hundred metres backwards. Jiang Chen saw only a tiny crack on the magma beast where the blade had landed. That was his most powerful strike. If he had the strength of a Heavenly God, the magma beast would’ve already perished from that attack alone.
“Kakakaka. I’ve said it. You will never break its defence. It’ll be weird if you could break it.” Old Macaque laughed.
The magma beast was unstoppable as it hurled itself towards Jiang Chen and the Fire Qilin. Two flame-based beasts clashed again. Jiang Chen’s expression moved as he witnessed the clash. The Fire Qilin was pushed back by the opponent, and looked like it was getting weaker by the second and the opponent getting stronger as the battle prolonged. The Fire Qilin could still passively defend against the magma beast and looked like it was still at its peak form.
“You will never know who gets the last laugh in the end.” Jiang Chen said coldly while he squinted his eyes.
“Sword of Solitude! The Fusion of Dragon and Sword!”
Jiang Chen changed into a blade and its solitude sword intent pierced through the beast. At this moment, the beast was punctured by thousands of holes created by Jiang Chen.  The Fire Qilin was even dumbfounded by this scene. This fella is too scary. I couldn’t even withstand that technique. 
The magma beast crumbled and the magma within the flame became much more violent.
“You lost.” Jiang Chen said indifferently as he looked at the Old Macaque.
However, the Old Macaque was still wearing that smile. Jiang Chen frowned. Could this fella still have other cards to play? 
“Good job, Jiang Chen.” Liu Quanchao said as his eyes were filled with happiness that could not be quenched.
“It’s too early for you to be happy. The Giant Magma Beast is immortal.”
Suddenly, the shattered pebbles and stones gathered together.
At this moment, a bigger, stronger, supreme giant magma beast came out. This time it was fifteen zhang tall, the Fire Qilin felt somewhat scared of this opponent now.
Jiang Chen stared at the magma beast. This Old Macaque was hard to deal with. The magma beast was already heavily injured but it still managed to get up once again and was even stronger than before. This was out of Jiang Chen’s expectation. There are too many mysteries with regards to these two beasts.
“Immortal, undying. I refuse to believe that there’s a beast without weaknesses. I will make sure it will receive eternal death.”
Jiang Chen took up his blade again and rushed towards his opponents. But this time, it was not as easy as before, he felt that the beast was definitely stronger than before. Its defence was stronger and sturdier, the previous one already took him a great effort to break but this…
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2338 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2339


Chapter 2339
Heart of Magma
The same happened the second time. The magma beast formed once again. The extremely hot magma shot upwards for a thousand metres.
The third time was the same too. Jiang Chen defeated the beast for the third time but the result was the same and now he was extremely tired after unleashing his techniques.
“How is it? Now, do you believe that my magma beast is immortal? Kakaka.” Old Macaque sneered with disdain.
This was his trump card, it’s impossible for Jiang Chen to break it.
Jiang Chen gasped for air. He knew that he must’ve left out something. Could there really be an immortal being in this world?
“As long as there is still a magma stone around, this magma beast could regenerate forever. You cannot defeat me. Haha. Prepare to die! Puny fella. My patience has been completely shaved off.” Old Macaque said with unstoppable dominance.
Giant pits were created for each and every step the magma beast took, mountains and earth trembled due to its movement.
Fire Qilin fought with his life on the line to push the beast away but he was already heavily injured and was finally pushed to the ground.
“Many thanks.” Jiang Chen looked at Fire Qilin with a gentle gaze.
After all, Fire Qilin did not leave him and ran away in light of such a life-and-death event. Nobody could stop Qilin if he really wanted to run away.
“All of you shall die nonetheless. Nobody could change this fact. Prepare to be judged. Kakaka.” Old Macaque sneered.
The magma beast made unstoppable punches towards its targets, aiming to take Jiang Chen and Fire Qilin’s lives.
“Eat this.”
Jiang Chen gave Fire Qilin a pill, which stunned the latter slightly, and he then took it. He could feel his bones and muscle getting energized the next moment.
“This…. This is an Immortal Grade Pill?” Fire Qilin was extremely shocked.
A beast could ingest a pill much more efficiently and thoroughly than humans. Fire Qilin digested the effect of the Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pill almost instantly.
Jiang Chen too took a pill without explaining. He was not as reckless as before in the face of the magma beast. Otherwise, it would be a pointless effort and the beast will become stronger as it fought on.
“F*ck off!”
Jiang Chen struck out with his blade and barely defended against the magma beast’s strikes. But he too was forced back from the counterforce.
Old Macaque was shocked. He did not expect Jiang Chen to recover his strength in a short span of time. Is this fella as monstrous as the magma beast?
“This thing is not easy to deal with. Stop him. Let’s see what trick that monkey is hiding.” Jiang Chen looked at Fire Qilin and the latter understood his intention.
Fire Qilin then clashed with the beast while knowing fully well that he could not defeat the beast but he could still hold it off.
“Old Monkey. Let me see what tricks you are hiding beneath this magma.” Jiang Chen smiled.
Old Macaque was internally shocked and quickly ran towards Jiang Chen.
“Your opponent is me,” Old Macaque said coldly.
“Looks like there really is something in this magma. I was just probing but I never thought you’ll reveal it so fast.” Jiang Chen said.
“Hmph, even so, you shall not pass. Even if you managed to get through me. You wouldn’t dare to jump into this ten-thousand zhang magma.”
“Then, let’s see whether you have what it takes to hold me off. As for whether I would dare to jump into it? It’s not for you to decide. Hmph.”
Jiang Chen attacked Old Macaque with several lethal strikes forcing Old Macaque to retreat. As the Great Yu Soul Forming Light was useless against Jiang Chen, Old Macaque did not have any other cards to be used against Jiang Chen.
“Storm Hammer!”
“Your hammer is pretty good. I want it.” Jiang Chen sneered as he unleashed the Fusion of Dragon and Sword towards Old Macaque.
Unfortunately, the monkey was in ethereal form, it was only heavily injured. But the storm hammer was taken by Jiang Chen in the process.
Old Macaque murmured as he watched Jiang Chen leaping into the magma with the hammer:
“I hope you’re able to walk out of there alive. Hmph. Cocky fool. Nobody could withstand the heat of the magma. Not even my master who brought in this Mount Qi Ling to the Hidden Secret Realm was able to reach its deepest part.”
This Mount Qi Ling wasn’t originally within the Hidden Secret Realm but was brought in by the great Divine Emperor.
Jiang Chen vanished into the magma, making Liu Quanchao and Zhang Lei dumbfounded.
“This, could Jiang Chen come out?”
“I think Jiang Chen will die.” Zhang Lei smiled bitterly and shook his head.
“I think he will create a miracle.” Liu Quanchao was still hopeful towards Jiang Chen.
“You’re too naive. That is a magma pool and it is not your average magma. We know how scary it is without us trying it.” Zhang Lei said.
“Even so, we should still have some hope.” Liu Quanchao smiled.
Because he had seen through life-and-death from the moment he decided to stay here.
In the magma pool, Jiang Chen had already dived a thousand metres deep, but he could still not see the end of it, 2,000, 3,000, 4,000….
The temperature was getting higher and higher. Fortunately, he’s protected by the Five Elemental True Fire that not even the Karmic Fire of the Red Lotus could burn through, this measly magma was nothing for him. Even though it was not your average lava/magma.
13,000 metres!
Now, Jiang Chen was feeling anxious. But at this moment, a chaotic ancient battlefield appeared in his eyes. Flags, corpses, floras were all dark-greenish in colour. Jiang Chen was greatly shocked by this scenery. How could such a place be here in the depths of the magma pool?!
Countless arrows, broken divine tools, and bodies of divine kings, heads of hierarchs, souls of divine emperors could be seen on the field.
“No, this is a sealed place. Otherwise, this stuff would’ve been melted by the magma.”
A prohibited area! Jiang Chen immediately thought. At this moment, his gaze turned and found a fiery heart that was beating like a newborn baby.
“Heart of Magma!”
Jiang Chen squinted his eyes and looked at the Heart of Magma.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2339 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2340


Chapter 2340
Are you looking for this?
The Heart of Magma. The energy source of the magma beast. The whole underground magma came from this fiery heart. Jiang Chen took a deep breath with extreme seriousness. If it weren’t for this heart, the magma wouldn’t have shot out towards the ground. The beast wouldn’t have been able to keep on regenerating.
That magma beast was truly hard to deal with. Especially that old monkey, if it weren’t for the Great Soul Derivation Technique, even Heavenly God experts would’ve died under that old monkey’s tricks. The Great Yu Soul Forming Light was extraordinary. As long as Jiang Chen took the heart and cut off its connection, the beast will be defeated.
An ancient battlefield was under the magma, albeit sealed. Jiang Chen knew he could not simply take a risk to enter the place, it was way over his league.
“The Heart of Magma shall become mine. Let’s see what tricks you have, Old Monkey.” Jiang Chen clenched his fist and a mysterious light lit up in his eyes.
Jiang Chen used the Five Elemental True Fire and the Myriad Qi Cauldron to attempt to take control of the Heart of Magma, to fuse it with his own body. Jiang Chen knew that the heart had the ability to regenerate. His Five Elemental True Fire was definitely stronger, but the heart had unlimited energy. His Three Thousand Flames Dragon Seal will surely become stronger with the Heart of Magma in his possession.
Plus, this heart was a great supplement for the Fire Qilin.
“Rise!”
Jiang Chen used both of his arms to grab hold of the heart. The energy coming from it felt like it could shred his whole body apart, but it was instantly suppressed by the Five Elemental True Fire, so the whole process wasn’t too hard. The heart was slowly getting fused with his body, with the help of the Myriad Qi Cauldron.
“Jiang Chen is thoroughly buried under that magma.” Zhang Lei said.
Their final hope may have finally gone.
“Maybe, this is our fate.” Liu Quanchao bitterly smiled while shaking his head.
None of them doubted Jiang Chen’s death. Because he was gone for too long. In addition, Fire Qilin was already extremely fatigued. Qilin unleashed everything he had but could not do anything against the magma beast as it had a great defence.
Fire Qilin retreated in distress. But he believed that Jiang Chen would not die so easily.
“Now, all of you will die.” The Old Macaque sneered with disdain.
A Meteor Hammer was launched towards Fire Qilin. The hammer and the magma beast’s attack heavily injured Fire Qilin, who was then thrown from the force.
The magma beast took this opportunity to deal another blow towards the head of Fire Qilin but the latter managed to avoid it by hair’s breadth. Yet the attack still left a great scar on Fire Qilin’s body. Fire Qilin’s internal organ rumbled as he received the blow.
Old Macaque took this chance to attack, giving Fire Qilin a lethal blow. Fire Qilin was of shock as he looked at the devastating hammer getting closer to him.
At that moment, a red figure shot out from the magma.
“Have you asked my permission before going for my men?” Jiang Chen sneered as he parried off Old Macaque’s Meteor Hammer.
The Meteor Hammer and Storm Hammer were a pair of weapons. Both of them were at the Mid-Heavenly Divine Tool grade. It was a pretty powerful weapon.
Jiang Chen once again took the Meteor Hammer from the Old Macaque, making the latter furious.
“Jiang Chen, you’re alive?” Liu Quanchao was surprised.
Jiang Chen once again gave them another surprise. He had already given them countless surprises. He managed to walk out from the underground with ease. How can they not be shocked? Even Old Macaque was shocked when he saw Jiang Chen.
“You… you… you’re not dead?!” Old Macaque’s expression was extremely gloomy as his weapons were robbed off from him, twice.
Now, he could do nothing against Jiang Chen who was now extremely hard to deal with. Looks like he had to place his hopes on the magma beast to quickly deal with the Qilin. By then, he’ll surely become the last victor as the Fire Qilin was obviously losing.
“I will not die when you’re still alive. I will not die even if you’re dead.” Jiang Chen sneered.
He pierced towards the giant magma beast once again like a meteor, with the Sword of Solitude and the Fusion of Dragon and Sword.
The magma beast roared furiously as it grabbed the Heavenly Dragon Sword with both of its arms. However, the blade was indestructible. The beast only managed to grab hold of the blade for three seconds and cracks could be seen appearing on its arms. Then, a hole was created as the sword pierced through its body.
“My magma beast is immortal. You will never defeat him.” Old Macaque said confidently.
However, the magma stone lost its colour as the beast crumbled. The magma beast did not stand up this time. At that moment, Old Macaque’s heart felt like it was savagely hammered.
He quickly turned his head and looked at the magma pool.
Jiang Chen smiled and said:
“Are you looking for this?”
Jiang Chen held the Heart of Magma in his hands. That scorching heat energy shocked the Fire Qilin and couldn’t help but salivate.
“The Heart of Magma. Impossible! You took the Heart of Magma. No… ” Old Macaque staggered as the light slowly fades away from his eyes.
He never thought Jiang Chen could reach the bottom of the magma pit and took the heart out from there. It was preposterous. It was a sealed place. Could Jiang Chen really withstand the energy of the seal?
He, himself could only watch it from afar, as he did not know what dangers hold within that sealed place.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2340 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2341


Chapter 2341
What should I ask for?
In the past, even if the Old Macaque was under the protection of Great Yu Soul Forming Light, it could only dive to the surrounding area which was a thousand metres away from the Heart of Magma. It was impossible for him to approach the sealed land because it was out of its capability to withstand that place’s dreadfulness. It was estimated that even his master, Hidden Secret Divine Emperor, would not be able to do anything to the sealed land. Old Macaque guessed that the sealed land was the Chaotic Divine Battlefield during the ancient period. It was said to be the most terrifying place during the entire ancient period. No one was able to break through or even get near to it unless he’s the person who sealed the land!
There are too many secrets hiding behind this guy. Even though the Old Macaque was someone who seemed to know everything in the world, it really could not see through Jiang Chen.
Old Macaque was stunned as the effort he had put in throughout a hundred thousand years seemed to have become an illusion at this moment. The Heart of Magma had been taken by Jiang Chen, meaning that the Giant Magma Beast could not stand up again as the Heart of Magma was the one supporting the beast’s power.
“The sealed land and the person who sealed the land. Hahaha. Perhaps I should’ve followed my master hundred thousand years ago.”
The Old Macaque roared madly, a roar filled with desolation and melancholy. He could not tell who was right or wrong. If he was able to laugh and stand here until the end of today, he would be able to rewrite history. However, he was still defeated by Jiang Chen. The Old Macaque was unresigned to the result, but what could he do? This was his destiny.
“Three worlds and six realms of life with the Samsara. It has its reason.”
The Old Macaque gave Jiang Chen a profound glance, making Jiang Chen frown his forehead slightly. It seemed like Old Macaque had some understanding on the sealed land.
“Nothing is impossible. You, old thing deserve death.”
Zhang Lei pierced Old Macaque’s weak soul with his Hong Ying Purple Gold Spear.
“No!”
Jiang Chen still wanted to ask Old Macaque about the sealed land but his soul had already been shattered by Zhang Lei immediately.
At this moment, Old Macaque’s soul turned into a little star light and disappeared between the heavens and earth.
“What is the point of keeping a demonic soul like the Old Macaque? It’s better to kill him and reduce the danger for the people who are going to enter the Hidden Secret Realm in the future. This Qi Ling Mount is filled with hundreds and thousands of souls, I am afraid it’s hard to reinstall justice here.”
Zhang Lei said in a serious tone.
Jiang Chen frowned and heaved a sigh. He did not say much as Zhang Lei had taken action too quickly just now.
“Luckily we have you this time, Jiang Chen,” said Liu Quanchao sincerely.
Jiang Chen nodded his head slightly and took up the Great Yu Soul Forming Light. Zhang Lei who was standing beside was triggered but he knew that Jiang Chen would not give it to him.
Liu Quanchao looked at the Great Yu Soul Forming Light which was in Jiang Chen’s hand and said in a deep voice, “The Great Yu Soul Forming Light is filled with hundreds and thousands of human souls. It’s better for you to release them and let them go back to the heavens and earth, and reincarnate to the next life. Otherwise, it’s too cruel to them. These hundreds and thousands of souls have been trapped inside the light for more than a hundred thousand years. The Great Yu Soul Forming Light is so dreadful, I think it must be a piece of unparalleled demonic tool.”
“Alright. The Old Macaque has kept so many souls in order to rekindle the Great Yu Soul Forming Light and reborn himself. However, he has also killed so many innocent people as well.”
Jiang Chen knew how dreadful this Great Yu Soul Forming Light was.
“He was just a step away to rekindle the Great Yu Soul Forming Light . What a pity to release all of these human souls…”
“So what? How are we going to use these human souls to rekindle the Great Yu Soul Forming Light? Then we have no difference from the demons.”
“It’s not necessary to use the human souls to rekindle the Great Yu Soul Forming Light,” Jiang Chen said faintly.
The next second, he immediately opened the Great Yu Soul Forming Light and released the souls. At that moment, the entire Qi Ling Mount spun around with cries and howls. Heaven and earth were filled with sorrow as hundreds and thousands of souls soared into the sky.
All of these souls seemed like bidding goodbye to Jiang Chen while feeling grateful. If human souls which were under Heavenly God Realm did not enter the Divine Tomb and got caught, it would be extremely difficult for them to reincarnate anymore. Jiang Chen had given all of them a chance to be reborn.
Jiang Chen looked at the souls and said, “Life and death are all about destiny.”
The entire Qi Ling Mount was shaken by the strength of the souls and the scene was magnificent.
Zhang Lei gripped his fist tightly as he found this being wasteful. The Old Macaque’s effort had been wasted as all the souls were released. The Great Yu Soul Forming Light was different from a ruined Divine Tool.
Jiang Chen remained motionless and looked at the surrounding hundreds and thousands of souls flying to the void. He felt peaceful. He was not a saviour, but he was not a merciless killer as well. Using these hundreds and thousands of souls to rekindle the Great Yu Soul Forming Light, he could not do that.
If the Great Yu Soul Forming Light was rekindled, his combat strength definitely would advance greatly. However, Jiang Chen could not do that. He could not turn those hundreds and thousands of souls into his slaves and shatter the remaining souls. If that was the case, the Great Yu Soul Forming Light would not be a piece of Divine Tool but a piece of Demonic Tool.
Suddenly, Jiang Chen sensed a familiar breath.
“Bai Yunfei!”
Jiang Chen’s pupils shrunk and he used his hand to grip the flowing soul of Bai Yunfei. At this moment, his eyes became bloodily red and he was filled with towering anger.
“Who? Who did it?”
Jiang Chen was shaking.
Bai Yunfei smiled bitterly while his eyes were filled with unwillingness.
“I can only blame my incompetence.”
Bai Yunfei’s soul had been absorbed into the Great Yu Soul Forming Light.
“Tell me, who did that?!”
Jiang Chen’s voice was deep and full of killing intent.
“I was killed by a monster, however, I am unresigned. We had been suffering from severe injuries and encountered the Three Great Guardian of Clear Stream Sect. We sought help from them but they rejected us ruthlessly. They could actually give us a hand, but…but I was still killed. Perhaps, this is my destiny. But I am not regretful, Jiang Chen. If you challenged me that day, I might not be able to be here today. Coming into the Hidden Secret Realm has been the dream of mine. Living outside without much aspiration is not what I want. If I always stay at Profound Feng Sect, I won’t be able to become a Heavenly God Realm expert, forever. However, right now I have become a genius disciple and entered the Hidden Secret Realm. I have worked together with countless genius disciples here. Even though I died, I have no regrets. Since I left Profound Feng Sect, I have known that this was going to be a cruel contest among disciples, and I was going to risk my life,” Bai Yunfei said in a falling tone.
“The Three Great Guardians of Clear Stream Sect! I swear that I will take revenge for you!”
Jiang Chen’s eyes turned blood red in color and he pointed his sword to the sky. At this moment, Bai Yunfei was actually excited deep in his heart.
“What could I ask more when I have a brother like you. Hahaha. Although I have passed away, my life has not been bad. Because I know a brother who is called Jiang Chen.”
Bai Yunfei said in a deep voice while his eyes were filled with honour.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2341 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2342


Chapter 2342 Reforming the Light for You
Bai Yunfei could see that Jiang Chen was even stronger now as even the number-one disciples of the Heavenly Star Sect and Earthly Hades Sect stood behind him. Right now, Jiang Chen had the competence to gain their respect.
“Don’t worry, Brother Bai! I am going to avenge you. I am going to refine the Great Yu Soul Forming Light for you. Wait for me, when the Great Yu Soul Forming Light rekindles, you will be reborn.”
Jiang Chen took a deep breath. He could not hide the resentment he felt for Bai Yunfei. He was going to look for the Three Great Guardians of Clear Stream Sect to count the grudges. Otherwise, it would be a knot in his heart forever. Although he was not the one who caused Bai Yunfei’s death, Jiang Chen felt really guilty.
“Great Yu Soul Forming Light? Do you mean this divine light can help me be reborn?” Bai Yunfei said excitedly while his eyes were filled with tears.
“That’s right. However, this Great Yu Soul Forming Light is currently broken, so it can’t help reform the souls to be reborn. There were hundreds and thousands of souls that had been kept to rekindle it. You’re one of them. It was almost done but I have released all of the souls. Believe me, I am going to rekindle the Great Yu Soul Forming Light in order to reform your soul to be reborn.”
Jiang Chen said in a deep voice.
“Brother Jaing, I believe you!”
Bai Yunfei could not conceal the excitement he felt and wanted to hold Jiang Chen’s hands but failed to do so.
“From now on, this Great Yu Soul Forming Light is only for reforming your soul.”
Jiang Chen and Bai Yunfei exchanged a glance. This kind of friendship really moved Bai Yunfei deeply. At this moment, only Bai Yunfei’s soul stayed inside the entire Great Yu Soul Forming Light. Jiang Chen could not refine and rekindle the Great Yu Soul Forming Light right now, however, he would be able to do that one day. By that time, Bai Yunfei would surely be reborn!
Bai Yunfei’s soul was settled into the Great Yu Soul Forming Light by Jiang Chen again. He would definitely look for the Three Great Guardians of Clear Stream Sect and inquire about the things that had happened. A man who could not help his brother in his hour of need is not much of a man. Ignoring Bai Yunfei and letting him die was very detestable to Jiang Chen.
“Even if Tang Zhen was involved with this, I still think that I am not going to be merciful. We won’t be reconciled, the Three Great Guardians of Clear Stream Sect!” Jiang Chen said coldly.
Liu Quanchao and Zheng Lei’s heart shivered for a while as Jiang Chen’s killing intent was too intense. Regardless, Old Macaque and the giant magma beast died in Jiang Chen’s hand, this Early True God was not as simple on the surface.
Jiang Chen took up a piece of gemstone that had fallen out from the Dead Flower of Paradise, then heaved a sigh of relief. He would definitely be able to use this gemstone to refine tools in the future.
“Seniors, I am going to check out how this Great Yu Soul Forming Light works. Please look after me.” Jiang Chen said.
“Alright. No worries,” assured Qiu Chaoquan.
Jiang Chen nodded and entered the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda with his spirit. He saw that the Fire Qilin was still suffering from severe injury.
At the thirty-third floor, the Fire Qilin was in the healing process. Jiang Chen threw a piece of Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pill. The Fire Qilin did not eat the pill immediately but glanced at Jiang Chen.
“Thanks.”
Jiang Chen smiled.
“I am the one who’s supposed to say thank you. Without you, I might have suffered worse today.”
“I have told you that if you encounter any danger, I won’t stand aside and just watch. Moreover, I am now depending on you. Hahaha,” Fire Qilin said and laughed.
Although he was joking, Jiang Chen still heaved a sigh. How he saved Jiang Chen at the cost of his life at the most critical moment had made Jiang Chen feel touched. This monster indeed had a very weird temperament, yet he was very trustworthy and did not reserve himself when helping Jiang Chen. He had made a great contribution in this battle. If Jiang Chen had to deal with the magma beast alone, it would not be easy for him to defeat the beast.
After thinking twice, Jiang Chen decided not to take the Heart of Magma as the Fire Qilin might need it more than him. The Fire Qilin deserved to have it and Jiang Chen never wanted to mistreat the Fire Qilin. After all, the Fire Qilin saved him at the cost of his life, it only meant that he had seen him as a friend. The Fire Qilin has a good character and he’s not selfish.
“I give you this.”
Jiang Chen opened his hand and the Heart of Magma appeared on his palm. At that moment, the Fire Qilin’s pupils shrunk and his facial expression changed dramatically while his heart was beating hard.
“This is… the Heart of Magma!”
He swallowed his saliva. The Heart of Magma was undescribly significant to the Fire Qilin. However, it belonged to Jiang Chen, so he would not ask Jiang Chen for it.
Wait…did he say that is giving me the Heart of Magam?
The Fire Qilin was startled and it shivered for a moment.
“What do you mean? Do you mean to give this Heart of Magma to me?”
The Fire Qilin finally responded to Jiang Chen. He murmured and was in disbelief.
“Yea. This is for you. I don’t need it.”
Jiang Chen threw the Heart of Magma to the Fire Qilin. The Fire Qilin held his breath as this Heart of Magma was the source of energy of the magma beast. It contained enormous fire energy, and it was impossible for someone to say that they didn’t need it. The Fire Qilin was well aware of this.
Jiang Chen already has the Five Elemental True Fire. If he combined the Heart of Magma and the Five Elemental True Fire, he would have the perfect combination. However, he had chosen to give it to the Fire Qilin. This was completely out of the Fire Qilin’s expectation. The value of this Heart of Magma was immeasurable and priceless.
“Okay, I will keep it.”
The Fire Qilin gave Jiang Chen a profound look. The Heart of Magma was too significant to the Fire Qilin. If he had the Heart of Magma, he would have the chance to break through to the Heavenly God Realm. If he succeeds, he would have an even more terrifying fire strength. When his true fire combined with the dreadfulness of the Heart of Magma, it might even be comparable to Jiang Chen’s Five Elemental True Fires.
The Fire Qilin knew that Jiang Chen had shown him great trust. Jiang Chen really appreciated him. This guy’s strength was very terrifying. Even if the Fire Qilin fought Jiang Chen in his best condition, the Fire Qilin might not have much confidence to defeat Jiang Chen. One could see how dreadful Jiang Chen was, from the fact that he was able to dive into the depths of the magma and obtain the Heart of Magma. Jiang Chen was the one who took action and the Fire Qilin only gave Jiang Chen more time.
The Fire Qilin was someone who emphasized principles strongly. He had fully benefited from cultivating in the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda. He was very much willing to spend a thousand years inside the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda as that would equal to thirty thousand years for others. By the time he comes out of the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda, his strength would be able to shatter everything.
However, it was an opportunity Jiang Chen had given him. He had been doing this to pay back what Jiang Chen did for it. But now, it seemed like he would not be able to repay Jiang Chen back everything. The price of the Heart of Magma was priceless, and Jiang Chen just gave it to Fire Qilin without a second thought. The Fire Qilin would never forget this kindness but he would not say this out loud.
“I am badly injured now. The Heart of Magma can definitely help me a lot in recovering and cultivation. I am going to do my best to recover and shut myself here to cultivate. Take care,” the Fire Qilin said.
“Great.”
Jiang Chen nodded and left the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda.
The Fire Qilin started to cultivate using the Heart of Magma. Even if he might not be able to break through to the Heavenly God Realm immediately, his strength would definitely advance by leaps and bounds.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2342 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2343


Chapter 2343
Skeleton Army
Jiang Chen took out the Great Yu Soul Forming Light and started examining it. When it was in its best condition, the Great Yu Soul Forming Light was a piece of Origin Divine Tool. Moreover, it was not your usual Origin Divine Tool as there were not many Origin Divine Tools that could strike the soul. Just from this fact, he knew that this must be Hidden Secret Divine Emperor’s peerless treasure. However, it was broken now. Since all the souls had been released, he needed to know more about how to fix it the other way.
Jiang Chen put the Great Yu Soul Forming Light into the Myriad Qi Cauldron to refine and upgrade it, but nothing happened to it. It was really hard to repair.
Outside of the Qi Ling Mount, Jiang Hao and Man Shuai were incomparably anxious because there was no news about Jiang Chen and the others. They did not know whether they were still alive or not.
At this moment, Jiang Chen suddenly sensed that the Myriad Qi from the Myriad Qi Cauldron seemed to have some slight effect on the Great Yu Soul Forming Light. He could not help feeling surprised.
“Great! The Myriad Qi Cauldron is really awesome. Although the speed of repair is very slow, there is still hope. Hahaha!”
Jiang Chen was very thrilled. He was going to place the Great Yu Soul Forming Light here for now. He had no idea how long it would take to repair the Great Yu Soul Forming Light, but there was hope on it. His current refining skill hadn’t reached the realm of refining an Origin Divine Tool, not to mention an Origin Divine Tool that could attack souls.
However, he would surely succeed one day.
“Help! Help……”
Not far away, there were two people amongst the ten people who had left just now running back. They looked pale and their eyes were filled with fear. The two of them were perplexed and it was obvious that they just ran away from death. They had been terrified by the scene they had just witnessed and had not calmed down yet even until now.
“What happened? Where are the remaining people? Have they died?”
Man Shuai said in a deep voice while looking solemn. His heart skipped a beat.
“They have all died. They have all died. We encountered a troop of skeleton army and everywhere they passed by became desolate. Hundreds and thousands of skeletons are marching forward. We accidentally passed through their path and were immediately torn apart. The other eight people have all died.”
The disciple of Earthly Hades Sect murmured while his eyes looked blurry as he was really terrified.
“What? Skeleton Army? Where are they marching to?”
“They are marching towards the north. I am afraid that the leader of the Skeleton Army is at least at the Heavenly God Realm that’s wearing a black-robed. We weren’t able to see his face clearly before we were already flooded by them. It’s terrifying. I don’t want to see them anymore in my life.”
Another disciple of Heavenly Star Sect said in a low voice, looking terrified as well.
Jiang Hao snorted and said, “Humph. Who asked you to leave here? Why did you guys come back again? I have advised you but you didn’t listen. Now, everyone was killed and only the two of you are left. How daring of you to come back?”
The two of them lowered their heads with their pale face, and they dared not to say anything. It took a lot of courage for them to come back but it was still better than being killed by the Skeleton Army.
“Have Jiang Chen and the others died?” A disciple of Heavenly Star Sect asked.
Man Shuai rolled his eyes and said angrily, “Are you here to find trouble? Do you believe that I will not kill you before the Skeleton Army kills you?”
“No no no, I don’t mean that. I just wanted to ask how their battle is going.”
The disciple waved his hand and took a step backward.
“There are many people wanting me to die but none of them has ever succeeded so far.”
Jiang Chen’s voice suddenly echoed behind the disciple. Everyone took a deep breath after seeing Jiang Chen, Zhang Lei and Liu Chaoquan were all still safe. At this moment, the result had been revealed. The Old Macaque had been defeated and they could already guess that he had been defeated tragically.
“Just now, the souls of the entire Qi Ling Mount soared up to the sky. Were they released by you?” Man Shuai asked.
“Not bad. The Old Macaque had died. Oh ya, where are the remaining people? Where are they?” Liu Quanchao inquired.
“About ten of them were afraid that you guys had already died inside Mount Qi Ling. They felt not secured so they made their own decision to make an alliance and started looking for another way out. Who knew that they would encounter hundreds and thousands of skeletons. So only the two of them are left. Humph.”
Jiang Hao did not show any compassion to these people at all. It did not matter much if all of them died. These two people were only lucky to still be alive. These people had to bear the consequence themselves. Jiang Chen and the others came back victorious, but they had lost their life instead. He wondered how they were feeling right now. At least, these two disciples were regretting now.
“Everyone has his own destiny, they can’t blame anyone. However, we have to be careful of the Skeleton Army.”
Zhang Lei raised up his head silently. Things had already happened so there was no way to turn it around. They could only blame themselves for being so impatient, otherwise they wouldn’t have died.
“Three hundred thousand miles away from here is the Earthly Hades Holy Mountain. We can go there to have a look. If we could gain some water spiritual springs from the Earthly Hades Holy Mountain, our journey here would definitely not be in vain.” Liu Chaoquan said.
Jiang Chen sighed in his heart. Coming from the more prestigious sect, Liu Chaoquan definitely had the map of the Hidden Secret Realm. On the other hand, to the disciples of Profound Feng Sect, they could only discover everything by themself. This was the difference between the two sects.
Right now, Jiang Chen did not have any direction as well.
“This is the approximate map of the entire Hidden Secret Realm. There might be some mistakes on the map, however, it is still not difficult to find the location with it.”
Liu Chaoquan took out the map and gave it to Jiang Chen. Jiang Chen received it with gratitude. He looked at the map and found that they were now at Mount Qi Ling, the north-western side of the Hidden Secret Realm. It was more than thirty thousand miles from the Earthly Hades Holy Mountain. What kind of crisis were they going to face travelling to that mountain?
Jiang Chen did not dare to underestimate the beasts and monsters in the Hidden Secret Realm now, and danger was hidden everywhere. You never know when you’re going to fall into a crisis.
“It’s said that the spiritual spring water from the Earthly Hades Holy Mountain can help save people from death and heal all kinds of injuries. The spiritual spring water can also aid one’s cultivation and nourish the body. A droplet of the spiritual spring could help nourish a cultivator for a hundred years. It’s definitely a peerless saint water.” Liu Quanchao said.
“Old Ancestor Di Long said that it would already be extremely lucky to get a droplet of the spiritual spring water from the Earthly Hades Holy Mountain. If one could get a bottle of the water, that would be a great fortune.” Zhang Lei said solemnly.
At this moment, everyone’s eyes carried excitement and they were looking forward to it. The spiritual spring water from the Earthly Hades Holy Mountain must be very extremely rare.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2343 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2344


Chapter 2344
Appreciating Each Other
A terrifying blood-red centipede flew to the sky with its gigantic body. In a flash, it spurted out sticky mucus around the void, filling the surrounding air with poisonous gas.
The centipede screamed and struggled in pain. There were two vigorous figures thrusting at the centipede, however, the surrounding poisonous gas forced them to become extremely careful. They dared not to be reckless as they were afraid of inhaling the poisonous gas. Nevertheless, the two figures had become much slower in their action due to the spreading poisonous gas in the air.
“A stinky bug thinks of overturning the sea?”
A gentle voice shouted. The green-clothed lady who was holding the three feet Ice Front, broke through the sky and cut off more than ten feet of the centipede.
On the other side, not to be outdone, the other white-clothed lady attacked fiercely. Her killing intent was oppressive. Although she was hurt by the poisonous gas, her combat strength was still very dreadful. Her Nine-Segmented Whip swept across, hitting the body of the blood red centipede. An obvious deep mark of injury was left on the centipede.
“I am going to destroy you!”
The white-clothed lady snorted coldly, turning her Nine-Segmented Whip into a thousands-metre chain to tie up the centipede. The centipede was unable to move now. It was struggling at its utmost effort but it did not help at all. It kept spitting out poison and made the surrounding air full of poisonous gas.
The green-clothed lady took up her sword and stepped on the void, overriding on the centipede’s body. Once again, the sword thrusted into the centipede and it spurted out green-coloured blood. The centipede was growling in suffering, but the green-clothed lady’s long sword continued to pierce through the centipede’s body. In its last-ditch struggle, the centipede started losing its strength to fight back.
However, the two ladies looked pale as well because of the centipede’s poison. The centipede’s strength was at the half-step Heavenly God Realm, which was quite terrifying. Both of them were injured severely. Although they successfully killed the centipede, they were still in a dangerous situation because the Hidden Secret Realm was full of danger.
The green-clothed lady extracted the centipede’s monster spirit then glanced at the white-clothed lady. At this moment, both of them were not in a good condition. Although their cultivation realm was at the peak of Late True God Realm, they could not fight anyone at the moment.
The green-clothed lady was Xue Qianying.
The white-clothed lady looked at the poisoned Xue Qianying and shook her head, and said solemnly,
“Thank you very much. Supposedly, you could’ve just sat there and watched the show and extracted the monster spirit when the monster and I were badly injured.”
“Why would a woman embarrass another woman? Moreover, what would I get if I killed you? Does it help? There are too many people dying inside the Hidden Secret Realm. It’s already a blessing if one can walk out of here alive.”
“Lotus Cloud Sect, Xue Qianying.”
“Heavenly Star Sect, Ling Long.”
The two ladies glanced at each other without much verbal communication. Because they knew that nothing could compare to the battle they had just fought together. They appreciated each other.
“That’s right. We already had enough people dying. Those who are able to leave here alive are all the unparalleled and formidable people. In front of death, we are still too small. The Hidden Sacred Realm is like hell on earth. Life and death has been out of our control.”
Xue Qianying said faintly while her eyes carried some kind of sorrow. Not knowing why, Jiang Chen’s figure emerged in front of her eyes. He would pass away as well, wouldn’t he? After being separated with him for some time, she did not know how he was doing right now.
“If you can survive, then you are stronger than anyone else. Let’s go. If we continue to stay here, we might only attract more people or monsters here. At that time, we won’t be safe anymore,” Ling Long said.
“Someone is here?”
Xue Qianying frowned and stood up suddenly. There were four people walking towards them slowly.
“Are you Yang Jian?”
Xue Qianying asked in a low voice.
Yang Jian looked at Xue Qianying and said, “I never expected to meet you here. It’s fate.”
“This is our eldest senior of Profound Feng Sect, Pan Hong. This is Leng Lingyi from Divine Spear Sect. This is the number-one disciple of Impermanence Sect, Liang Kuanping.”
Leng Lingyi and others stood beside Yang Jian and they nodded their head to Xue Qianying and Ling Long.
Ling Long squinted her eyes and glanced at Xue Qianying. They found these few people a bit strange. Things looked somewhat unusual.
“It’s fate that we are able to meet each other here. However, we are leaving soon to the north-westeren part of the Hidden Secret Realm. Goodbye.”
Ling Long said faintly and glanced at Xue Qianying before leaving.
“Ling Long, do you remember me? I have been missing you a lot since I saw you the first time. Over the years, you have always appeared in my dreams. The Hidden Secret Realm is so dangerous, how about we go around together? At least, we can take care of each other,” Leng Lingying said with a smile.
“I love to be alone. Thanks for your kindness.”
Ling Long declined and said coldly.
“We are going to depart now. Bye.”
When Xue Qianying and Ling Long were about to leave, they were stopped by Leng Lingying.
“Why don’t you give me a chance? You’re injured now. If you insist on going alone, you will definitely face danger again,” Leng Lingying advised.
Xue Qianying was a bit shaken as they were indeed currently weakened with the dreadful poison invading their body. It would already be considered great if they could display the strength of a Mid True God now.
“How about we leave together with them first?”
Xue Qianying said in a low voice.
“I have a sense that these people are not that simple. If we fall into their trap, then it will be hard for us to escape.”
Ling Long said to Xue Qianying telepathically. Xue Qianying gave Ling Long a profound glance. At this moment, they understood each other’s mind.
“Nevermind, since Ling Long is unwilling to do so, we are going to leave first.”
Xue Qianying pulled Ling Long and was about to leave but they were once again stopped by Yang Jian.
“Qian Ying, from the very first time I saw you, I have fallen for you. I don’t care about her. I just want to know if you really have to leave. Stay here and I will help you recover.” Yang Jian advised.
Xue Qianying shook her head. This was the first time Xue Qianying knew Yang Jian. She found something wrong with Yang Jian who was standing in front of him right now.
“I just want to be with you. What’s wrong? No matter what, I am going to get you today.”
Leng Lingying’s mouth carried a smile while looking at Ling Long’s graceful physique. His lecherous face had really annoyed Ling Long.
“Hurry!”
Ling Long shouted. The two of them turned around and left immediately. As they were severely injured now, it was not wise for them to fight Leng Lingying and the others. So they could only run away.
“Want to leave? Hehe. It’s not that easy.”
Yang Jian sneered then chased up to them immediately. Leng Lingying and Yang Jian lunged towards Ling Long and Xue Qianying immediately.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2344 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2345


Chapter 2345
Affection
Yang Jian, with his Three Point Two-Edged Sword, broke through the void. He made a heavy blow that almost shattered everything while Ling Long and Xue Qianying immediately kept themselves away from the strike. It was a critical moment. Yang Jian was extremely cruel to take action against two ladies. He was ruthless. Yang Jian was blocking the way in front of them while Leng Lingyi was behind them. With their encirclement, the two ladies were completely blocked. If the two ladies, however, were in their best condition, they would not be afraid of them despite being women. However, they were now suffering from injury, there was no chance for them to escape.
Leng Lingyi looked at Ling Long and lavicously said, “Run, why don’t you run anymore? Hehe. I gave you a better choice but you choose punishment from me. Ling Long, you’re mine now.”
“I would rather die than fulfilling your wish,” Ling Long said faintly.
“Life or death is all about destiny. Attack us now. I will not regret it even if I die,” Xue Qianying said in a deep voice.
The two ladies demonstrated impressive toughness and determination at this moment. However, Yang Jian and Leng Lingyin did not show any compassion at them.
“I am going to be a hypocrite gentleman now for once. Hahaha.”
Yang Jian burst into laughter but the coldness in his mouth was extraordinarily terrifying.
“You weren’t like this last time, Yang Jian. You’re polite and humble. Or are you now finally showing your true colours?” Xue Qianying said.
“A leopard cannot change its spots. I am done with being a hypocrite. I am going to be crazy for once. Hehe. In order to get you, I can break my principle.”
Yang Jiang sneered while approaching Xue Qianying.
“Let’s fight! Even if we die, we can’t submit to them.”
Ling Long looked at Xue Qianying and their eyes were filled with incomparably strong determination.
Xue Qianying and Long Ling both were truly outstanding female heroes as their strength was formidable. Although they were hurt, not wanting to be outdone, they were going to fight with their utmost effort.
Xue Qianying confronted Yang Jian. At first, Yang Jian did not get the upper hand as he was actually not a match for Xue Qianying. However, later on Yang Jian managed to display his vigorous strength with his Three Point Two-Edged Sword. His momentum was irresistible. Even though Xue Qianying had confronted the opponent with all of her strength, she was still struggling in the battle and her injury had become more and more serious.
On the other hand, Leng Lingyi was not weaker than Ling Long at all and both of their battle strengths were at the similar level. However, Ling Long’s Nine-Segmented Whip created not much threat to Leng Lingyi as his long spear was sweeping in all directions fiercely. Ling Long could only keep withdrawing herself and her weakness had been exposed in the battle.
In the battle, Leng Lingyi did not show any mercy at all. Although Ling Long struck madly like lightning, she still did not manage to dodge Leng Lingyi’s oppressive spear attacks.
Bang!
Leng Lingyi’s spear hit heavily on Ling Long’s shoulder. Ling Long was repulsed backward to a hundred metres away and a mouthful of blood spurted out from her mouth. She looked extremely pale. At the moment, she finally knew that these two men had no compassion towards women at all. All they wanted was to conquer her and Xue Qianying.
“If I die, then I will bring you together with me.”
Ling Long sneered coldly, and then kept attacking with her Nine-Segmented Whip. Although she was injured severely, she was still overbearing and she still released the mightiness of a True God. Her counterattacks were not weaker than Leng Lingyi’s spear attacks. They were neck-to-neck in the battle.
However, it was impossible for Ling Long to withstand her opponent’s attacks for too long in the battle due to the poison in her body. At the moment, she was strained and exhausted. She kept being repulsed by Leng Lingyi’s continuous attacks but she did not lose her elegance under such an embarrassing situation.
Xue Qianying was also the same. The two of them kept being repulsed and lost their battle strength completely at the end.
Leng Lingyi smiled and said, “How are you going to fight me?”
“Hand out all your treasures. Otherwise, we are going to act like beasts.”
Liang Kuanping grinned while his eyes gave off brilliance. Xue Qianying and Ling Long were extremely solemn as they never expected that two of them were defeated by despicable humans.
Ling Long smiled and said coldly, “If I am in my best condition right now, would you guys still dare to fight me?”
“There’s just a hypothesis. Right now, the two of you are in my hands.”
Yang Jian shouted.
“If you want to kill or steal anything, just do it.” Ling Long said.
“Kill you? You have thought too much. Hahaha.” Liang Kuanping said cunningly.
“A group of despicable guys. I don’t really care about life or death anymore.”
Xue Qianying said with disdain.
“Indeed, women are not inferior to men. Since you have the backbone, then I will not kill you. Instead, I am going to torture you. It will be very comfortable.”
Liang Kuanping sneered and walked closer to Ling Long. His eyes release a strong lascivious desire.
Yang Jian looked at Leng Lingyi and said, “Be careful! Someone is coming!”
At the moment, a strike from the Hammer of Strom fell in front of Liang Kuanping.
“If you dared to take a move, you can try.”
A cold voice resounded from a grand figure standing in the void .
“Jiang Chen, is that you? It’s great.”
Yang Jian said with surprise.
“Is it you? Senior Yang.”
Jiang Chen was stunned for a while and his face had expressed his surprise.
“These two are Leng Lingyi of Divine Spear Sect and Liang Kuanping of Impermanence Sect. Oh ya, where have you guys been? Are you alone?”
“We are here.”
Man Shuai, Jiang Hao, Liu Quanchao, Zhang Lei and others walked towards them. Jiang Hao’s broken arm was shocking to them.
“Senior Pan, senior Yang, I never expected to see you guys here.”
Man Shuai flashed his friendly smile. Except for him and Jiang Chen, there were fewer and fewer people of Profound Feng Sect in the Hidden Secret Realm. Hence, Man Shuai of course was thrilled to see people of Profound Feng Sect.
“Jiang Chen, I never expected that you and those guys are from the same sect.”
Ling Long said in a deep voice while Xue Qianying was staring at him without saying anything.
“Why did you tie them up?” Liu Chaoquan asked.
Ling Long was the goddess of Heavenly Star Sect, so Liu Chaoquan was unhappy to see this at the moment.
“What happened? Senior Yang?”
Jiang Chen looked at Yang Jian with his burning eyes.
Yang Jian shook his head and said, “Sigh. It’s hard to explain. The two of them were poisoned and they killed whoever they saw. More than ten of our brothers were all killed by them. We had no choice but to tie them up.”
Jiang Chen squinted his eyes and looked at Xue Qianying and Ling Long. Ling Long’s eyes were full of ruthlessness and resentment, but he saw a sense of affection from Xue Qianying’s eyes.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2345 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2346


Chapter 2346
F*ck off!
Jiang Chen’s expression slightly changed as he looked at Yang Jian and the others, then asked:
“What poison is this?”
“The poison of the blood centipede.” Pan Hong said.
From Jiang Chen’s point of view, Pan Hong was the calmest.
“The poison of the Blood Centipede? How is it this powerful?” Liu Quanchao frowned, not able to understand.
“It’s a downright dirty accusation. Bunch of wolves. This is not what you said earlier. Hmph hmph.” Ling Long sneered.
“We were forced to tie them up after they got poisoned by the Blood Centipede, but they’re still able to kill a dozen of our brothers. We are forced to this.” Leng Lingyi said as he looked at Jiang Chen and the others calmly.
Leng Lingyi pointed afar. A dozen or so corpses were bloodied and in pieces on the floor. They obviously just died not too long ago, their bodies were still warm.
Liang Kuanping’s expression was of extreme sadness.
“They killed four of my brothers. I would’ve killed them if it wasn’t for Yang Jian stopping me.”
Liu Quanchao and the others were ashamed by what Liang Kuanping had said. No matter what, the fact was they killed those men.
“You guys did it.” Zhang Lei frowned.
Not even women could be exempted from this. They killed so many people, even if they have gone berserk, could this be forgiven? Zhang Lei was a man of justice. At this moment, he also felt that these two women could not be forgiven.
“To think you guys had planned this all along. I did not kill those people.” Ling Long looked at Leng Lingyi, Jiang Chen and then to Liu Quanchao.
But their eyes were filled with extreme scorn and discrimination. Because those ten people were dead over there. There was even blood centipede poison on their wounds.
“How do you guys explain those people over there? You guys couldn’t control yourself after getting poisoned. Which is acceptable, but is it that hard for you to admit it?” Liu Quanchao said.
“I said, I never killed anyone!” Ling Long looked at Liu Quanchao.
Liu Quanchao was slightly stunned. However, the evidence was clear. here’s no doubt about it.
“Those people are already dead and they have your poison on them. Unable to explain it, right? Trying to get away? It is perfectly justified to pay blood for blood.” Jiang Chen smiled.
“Jiang Chen this……” Liu Quanchao said quietly.
“You guys tell me, should I kill them?” Jiang Chen looked at Pan Hong, Yang Jian and the others.
“What use is there to kill them? A great mistake has been made, another death will only become a loss for us. Haih” Leng Lingyi sighed.
“You’re right. The death penalty can be averted but a punishment must be met. They must be controlled by us, they can get back their freedom after the poison has been neutralised. Otherwise, our lives will be in danger.” Yang Jian added.
“You’re right. They have killed many people. We must take control of them, they are quite dangerous, we may not get out of this unscathed if there are any accidents.” Pan Hong nodded.
“Then, might as well kill them to be freed of those risks.” Jiang Chen said.
Ling Long and Xue Qianying looked at him with disbelief. How could this fella be this cruel?
“Let’s not prod any further. The dead cannot be revived, what use is there to kill them?” Liang Kuanping murmured.
At this moment, he did not have his demeanour from earlier and said so disgruntledly.
“What are you trying to do?” Ling Long looked at Jiang Chen who was wielding the Heavenly Dragon Sword with killing intent while slowly walking towards her.
“Jiang Chen, you’re insane! You will have to kill me if you want to kill Ling Long!” Liu Quanchao stepped forward and blocked Jiang Chen, protecting Ling Long.
At this moment, Jiang Chen and Liu Quanchao were gazing at each other’s eyes, the situation was getting heated.
“Move,” Jiang Chen said.
“I am not your match. But if you want to kill her, you have to go through my body.” Liu Quanchao knew he could not beat him but he still chose to stand in front of Ling Long, blocking Jiang Chen’s path.
Liu Quanchao who was a disciple of Heavenly Star Sect had liked Ling Long for a decade. But she never thought of him the same way he did. Yet, he was still willing to die for her. A man can die but it must be an honourable death.
“Don’t you force me.”
Jiang Chen stabbed Liu Quanchao. However, the latter did not move even though the blade had pierced through his chest, and blood was dripping out from his body. At this moment, everyone’s expression changed.
“Jiang Chen, why not… we let this be.” Man Shuai said quietly.
“It is justice where blood must be paid with blood. They killed so many people, shouldn’t they be dead? Do not help them anymore.” Jiang Chen shouted as he pushed everyone away.
“If you want to frame me, there is no need for such hassle. If you want to kill me, come, do you think I’m afraid of you? ” Ling Long stared at Jiang Chen with a fiery gaze, without fear.
“Jiang Chen……” Xue Qianying looked at Jiang Chen.
Is he still the same person I know? He would help his closest people rather than the facts. But Xue Qianying also saw affection deep within his eyes. At that moment, she shivered and did not speak anymore.
“Consider me wrong about you, Jiang Chen. It was a waste for the elders of the four great sects to have us vow to protect you with our lives. Now? It looks like a damn joke. You saved my life, I will not fight back. It is hard to live a righteous life but to live without worry is easy.” Liu Quanchao said with righteousness.
It forced Jiang Chen to the edge. At this moment, no matter if it was Jiang Hao or Man Shuai, all of them were disappointed towards Jiang Chen. Because he was resolute in killing others which was extremely cold.
“Hahaha, now you’re the righteous one and I became the despicable one. You think I am wrong to kill them?” Jiang Chen laughed madly.
“I rather die than to let you harm Ling Ling.” Liu Quanchao was still standing firm.
“Alright! Alright! Alright! Scram!” Jiang Chen took out his blade and kicked Liu Quanchao away, which heavily injured the latter.
“Jiang Chen……” Jiang Chen covered Man Shuai’s mouth who wanted to say something.
“Shut up, scram. Didn’t you think that what I did was wrong too?”
Liu Quanchao and the others took Ling Long and Xue Qianying and slowly walked away.
“Younger brother Jiang, we cannot totally blame him for this. Haih. Both of them are just poisoned.” Yang Jian said quietly.
At this moment, Liu Quanchao and the others had already left Jiang Chen. But they kept looking back with every step they took, they looked back thrice towards Jiang Chen but the latter had already left with Yang Jian and the others.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2346 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2347


Chapter 2347
Internal strife
“To think Jiang Chen is such a despicable person. I would’ve given him a good beating if I wasn’t weaker than him.” A Heavenly Star Sect disciple said, showing some enthusiasm.
“It’s too late now. To think Jiang Chen does not know what is right or wrong. I think there’s something wrong about this. His temperament is so cruel. Disregarding those girls’ well-being. This doesn’t look like his style at all.” Zhang Lei said after a deep thought.
“Everyone has their own path. We can only walk our own path. This blade was worth it. Otherwise, Ling Long and Lady Xue may be in danger.” Liu Quanchao said.
Even though he took a blade from Jiang Chen, he did not hate him. Because this life of his was saved by him, he would’ve no qualms about it even if Jiang Chen chose to end his life there.
“Arrogant fella. I’ll kill him the next time I see him!” Ling Long declared.
At this moment, Liu Quanchao knew that she’s really angry.
“That blood centipede poison. What happened?” Liu Quanchao asked.
“We were poisoned by the blood centipede but we did not kill any innocent people. We do not know where those people came from. Do you really believe what they have just said?” Ling Long said with eyes filled with anger and hatred towards Jiang Chen.
To think this fella is so stubborn and would join hands with those people, they must be the same kind of men.
“He probably has his own reasons.” Xue Qianying looked afar and murmured.
“Reasons? Hahaha, this is unexpected. He tried to kill you just now, you do realise that right? Now there’s a reason for his action?” An Earthly Hades Sect disciple sneered disdainfully towards Jiang Chen.
He even forgot the fact that he was saved by Jiang Chen and started to diss Jiang Chen.
“Jiang Chen is not someone that requires you to teach him how to do things.” Xue Qianying’s eyes were filled with killing intent as he looked at that Earthly Hades Sect disciple, scaring the latter to quickly turn his back.
“If you think that Jiang Chen wouldn’t dare to kill you, don’t assume I am the same.” Zhang Lei took a step forward.
He would not stand by as Xue Qianying threatens to kill his sect’s brother.
“You can come and try. We shall see who will be the one smiling at the end.” Xue Qianying sneered.
“Are you challenging me?” Zhang Lei squinted his eyes.
“So what? You won’t get what you want if you want to kill me. Plus, I may not lose against you.” Xue Qianying said coldly.
At this moment, Zhang Lei dared not to be reckless.
“Enough. Why are you two quarrelling? Is there any meaning to this? To meet with such hostility. We have just averted death,” Liu Quanchao said.
“You guys DO realise you have just avoided death. Hehe, then it’s all good. What Jiang Chen did was right, but it was just saddening. A motley crowd does not have what it takes for Jiang Chen to risk his life to save.” Xue Qianying turned back as soon as she finished talking.
“Speak clearly before you go!” Zhang Lei said coldly.
“A bunch of ignorant cowardly fools, Jiang Chen saved all of you rather than killing you. It’s up to you whether to believe it or not. But I advise you to not go back. Otherwise, you’ll be meeting lady death and that will waste Jiang Chen’s good effort.” Xue Qianying left.
Ling Long frowned deeply as she left. Jiang Chen did it to save us? How can that be? Jiang Chen almost killed Liu Quanchao, could that be his way of saving someone?
“I must go back and check,” Ling Long said.
“No. It doesn;t matter if it was Jiang Chen saving us or not. We’ll be walking to our deaths if we go back now.” Liu Quanchao stopped Ling Long and everyone else fell into silence.
Yang Jian and Pan Hong were walking beside Jiang Chen as they chatted passionately. At this moment, Jiang Chen’s lips curved, sensing that Leng Lingyi and Liang Kuanping were already attacking him from behind with their divine weapons.
Jiang Chen wanted to retaliate but was instantly suppressed by Pan Hong and Yang Jian.
Leng Lingyi’s unstoppable spear pierced Jiang Chen. The latter could not avoid it and did not block it. But when the divine spear landed on Jiang Chen’s back, it was bounced back and Jiang Chen suffered no harm.
Jiang Chen instantly turned his body and stabbed Liang Kuanping with his Heavenly Dragon Sword. The latter looked at him with disbelief as he slowly laid down. Yang Jian and Pan Hong swiftly attacked, to which Jiang Chen retaliated with two slaps with his blade and went straight towards Leng Lingyi.
“Spear like a dragon!” Leng Lingyi was very strong. His spear strikes became like the stars in the sky, raining towards his opponent.
Sparks were flying all over the place as the divine spear clashed with the Heavenly Dragon Sword. Jiang Chen forced Leng Lingyi back with dominance and vigour. After that, Yang Jian and Pan Hong joined up with Leng Lingyi and rushed towards Jiang Chen, cutting off his escape route.
Jiang Chen wasn’t planning to lose as he had already anticipated this. Otherwise, he would not do such a risky move.
He already knew Xue Qianying was innocent from just a single gaze. Then Ling Long was certainly no murderer. Although their situation was extremely dangerous, Xue Qianying was able to look at him with such affection. At that time, he knew that she had her reasons, plus, he could feel Yang Jian and Pan Hong being somewhat distant towards him; something was odd.
Jiang Chen then deemed that there was something wrong about this!
Jiang Chen silently unleashed the Great Divination Art on Yang Jian and the others. He saw something was amiss with the technique. They were being controlled and the one behind them was extremely strong. Jiang Chen forced Xue Qianying and the others away because he feared that he might not win against this adversary.
Yang Jian, Pan Hong, and an expert of the Divine Spear Sect—Leng Lingyi—were all being controlled. The one behind them must be extremely strong.
“Let me see who is the one pulling the strings. Great Soul Derivation Technique!” Jiang Chen roared.
The Great Soul Derivation Technique controlled Yang Jian and the others. But it will require more time to recover their senses. Because a powerful technique was placed on their souls. Jiang Chen could only bind them with his technique, but it would take a much longer time to dispel this, hence he had to find the one behind pulling the strings and kill him!
*Clapt! Clap! Clap!*
A series of clapping sounds could be heard. A soft voice was then heard, which made Jiang Chen frown.
“Such terrifying technique. Truly remarkable. Hehe.”
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2347 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2348


Chapter 2348
Evil Sect Fierce Demon
“Who are you?” Jiang Chen said.
“To think you can temporarily disable my soul manipulation technique. Looks like your soul art is not weak. Ghost Eye Sect, Li Yan! Fortunate to meet you.” Li Yan smiled.
Behind him were five Peak Mid True God experts, they were wearing a mask and they were emitting killing intent.
“Ghost Eye Sect! Li Yan! A person that even the three great guardians of the Clear Stream Sect dare not to belittle. Looks like you’re really capable.” Jiang Chen said indifferently.
“It’s great that you know about me. My only target is you. Their lives are of no concern for me. But it would be great for me if I could use them to shave off some of your stamina. Hand over the Human Faced Demon Ginseng and Ten-thousand years Blood Lingzhi and also the pill formula. Perhaps I may grant you a swift death.”
Li Yan’ smile was mellow but his eyes were cold and filled with killing intent. At this moment he only had his eyes on Jiang Chen.
“Oh… you wanted my pill formula. Too bad you’ve knocked on the wrong door.”
“I would have surrendered if I were you. Otherwise, you’ll have to suffer needless pain that comes from within your soul, which is much scarier.” Li Yan shrugged as if he gave Jiang Chen a great option.
“One lives with the sword, one dies with the sword!”
Jiang Chen said, ignoring Li Yan as he caressed the Heavenly Dragon Sword in his hand.
Li Yan’s eyes were getting colder by the second. He never felt THIS humiliated in his life. This brat is unexpectedly calm. Even if he’s pretty good, he’s just a mere Early True God. How could he be this cocky? He’ll die in my hands soon. I don’t even need to act myself, the five behind me will be sufficient.
“Hmph, ignorant fool. Looks like you’re itching for a fight. Makes you look like you’re a hero, eh? Hahaha, pity you won’t have that chance. Mount Chang’s Five Ghosts, erect the formation, kill this monkey. You all don’t need to hold back, only a deadman will stop resisting.” Li Yan said softly.
“Affirmative.” The five of them said in unison.
They then formed a formation that rivals a Half-step Heavenly God. Jiang Chen’s cultivation pales in comparison.
Li Yan never thought of him as his equal. The pill formula Jiang Chen had was much more important for him. The Lingzhi, Ginseng and the wealth Jiang Chen showed at the auction had caused him to deem Jiang Chen as a big fat sheep to be savoured.
“Attack without mercy!” Li Yan roared and the five simultaneously closed in on Jiang Chen.
“Five little ghosts want to fight with Lord Hades? Obnoxious fools.” Jiang Chen smiled coldly.
He then raised his blade and rushed towards the five with dominance. The Heavenly Dragon Sword accompanied with his dominating qi allowed him to go toe-to-toe against the five of them. The five Peak Mid True God experts were pushed back by Jiang Chen alone, and they could not threaten him a single bit.
Jiang Chen’s attacks were all lethal. Each strike was infused with a terrifying sword qi, causing the five of them to not dare take it head-on as they parried and evaded those strikes nervously.
Is this the strength of an Early True God? He’s like a mad dog!
Li Yan’s expression became slightly colder. Jiang Chen’s strength was out of his expectation. Mount Chang’s Five Ghosts could not gain the upper hand against him.
“Form! Five Ghost Ashura Formation!” Li Yan shouted.
The five of them instantly changed and trapped Jiang Chen. Their footwork became mysterious after they unleashed the technique, their combat prowess also increased. The formation allowed them to unleash their full potential. Nevertheless, Jiang Chen remained calm as he faced the five of them.
The Five Ghost Ashura Formation was unique, and dangerous strikes awaited Jiang Chen if he were to act recklessly while suppressed within this formation.
But Jiang Chen was unfazed as the Great Divination Art had already seen through the flaws and weaknesses of the formation. This Five Ghost Ashura Formation was useless against him.
He believed that ‘in the face of absolute strength, everything else is in vain.’
Jiang Chen unleashed a slash and one fell. The other four were shocked. None of them expected Jiang Chen to instantly find out where they were within the formation. Plus, it was instant and with just a single strike.
The four of them roared furiously as they leapt forward. This was Jiang Chen’s vulnerable moment. He retreated with the illusionary Phantom Wolf Clone Technique as he faced the attacks from the four. When the group fell into confusion, Jiang Chen drew his blade and another one fell once again. At this moment, Li Yan’s expression became cold. He had underestimated Jiang Chen from the start.
“None of you shall leave here alive.” Jiang Chen said indifferently as he turned his body and swiftly drew his blade to finish the remaining ghosts. All five of them fell in a short span of time.
“Trash. I hope you could provide a little more surprise.” Jiang Chen said.
“Great Great Great! What a great Jiang Chen. For an Early True God to possess such battle prowess. Looks like I have underestimated you. But I will let you know what a true expert looks like. A pebble like you that comes from such a weak sect is only worthy to become my stepping stone. That pill formula is mine.”
Li Yan stepped forward and readied his stance. The iron whip in his hands had a tinge of evil charming qi on it.
“Ready whenever you are.” Jiang Chen too readied his stance.
“Taste some of my techniques.” Li Yan harrumphed and summoned nine black corpse puppets in front of Jiang Chen.
“These are my Earthly Corpse Puppets. They could go toe-to-toe against a Half-Step Heavenly God. Let’s see whether you can become the tenth.”
Li Yan’s eyes moved and the nine corpses rushed towards Jiang Chen. Those indestructible puppets were controlled by Li Yan’s mental thought. No damage could be seen on the puppets after Jiang Chen struck with his blade. These puppets were extremely strong and sturdy, akin to a divine tool. After all, the techniques of the Ghost Eye Sect were exceptional.
“To refine a corpse puppet to the level of a divine tool. Truly worthy of the name of the number one evil sect within the Linhe Boundary.” Jiang Chen thought.
He dared not to take this battle lightly even though he did not fall into a disadvantage in the face of nine opponents. Jiang Chen did not show any fatigue from the barrage of attacks. Li Yan’s expression became cold as he could not gain the upper hand. Looks like the rumours about this brat is true.
Those five ghosts died a justifiable death.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2348 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2349


Chapter 2349
Fierce Battle
Jiang Chen also went all-out. The nine Earthly Corpse Puppets unleashed lethal strikes after one another without fear as they were not living beings but puppets—a tool or a weapon for war. They charged forward without fear, forcing Jiang Chen to be reluctant to face them head-on. If Jiang Chen does whatever these puppets were doing ‘An eye for an eye’, Li Yan could act anytime as he was standing on the side. That would be detrimental for him.
“Let’s see how long you’ll last.” Li Yan said coldly as he planned to attack anytime.
He was just waiting for the right moment, the right time to deliver a lethal blow onto Jiang Chen. Plus, he’s a Peak True God, he wasn’t afraid of Jiang Chen. However, the latter exhibited strength that was over his cultivation realm. Li Yan chose not to be hasty, to ensure total victory.
Jiang Chen was finally angered. He unleashed the Dragon Transformation, hoping to fight a battle of death against those puppets. He could easily sustain the blows of the puppets under Dragon Transformation, and he could also effectively attack them, causing cracks to be seen on the puppets.
Jiang Chen’s mighty fists landed on the puppets. Li Yan’s puppets were on-par with divine tools but Jiang Chen’s body was stronger than divine tools after using the Dragon Transformation. Jiang Chen did not fear the puppets and could land blows after blows onto them. At this moment, under the barrage of Jiang Chen’s mighty fist, each of those puppets was starting to crack.
“Damned brat! No!” Li Yan’s expression became solemn.
Jiang Chen’s Dragon Transformation allowed him to reach the Peak Mid True God Realm. Hence, he could easily face these puppets now.
Li Yan once again felt Jiang Chen’s extraordinary abilities after seeing one puppet’s chest was punctured by Jiang Chen’s fist and Jiang Chen then tore open that sturdy puppet’s body in half.
Jiang Chen was like a mighty tiger that was let out of the cage. The corpse puppets were like a child in the face of Jiang Chen. Five corpse puppets fell one after another as the battle went on. At that moment, Li Yan finally could not standstill. If this goes on, those years of effort would go to waste. This is a trump card prepared for a Half-Step True God. Now it’s destroyed by a mere Early True God. A decade of effort went down to the drains.
Li Yan’s heart was bleeding. These Earthly Corpse Puppets were his treasure.
“I will kill you! You shall become one of my Earthly Corpse Puppets.”
“Let’s see whether you have what it takes to do it.”
Jiang Chen charged towards the puppets and tore them all to pieces. At this moment, Li Yan was shivering in anger as his nine corpse puppets were all effortlessly destroyed. Is this guy a monster? He had to give Jiang Chen a lesson. Let him know who was the true expert here. The prince of the Ghost Eye Sect was not an easy man to beat.
“You have angered me.” Li Yan leapt towards the sky with his iron whip and attacked Jiang Chen like lightning.
Jiang Chen grabbed the whip with both his hands but was forced back by the attack, making his expression solemn.
“Half-Step Heavenly God Realm!” Jiang Chen said.
Jiang Chen squinted his eyes as he felt immensely pressured. This fella is not an easy foe. Even though Li Yan’s cultivation realm was a little unstable but a Half-step Heavenly God has reached the doorstep of a true Heavenly God.
“Not bad, great eyes. Now you know. Hmph. You’re not my match. The moment I entered the Hidden Secret Realm, I had just reached the Half-Step Heavenly God Realm. As the crown prince of the Ghost Eye Sect, I must not fall behind. I might be slightly afraid of you if I was a Peak True God, but I can easily kill you now.” Li Yan wielded his weapon with vigour as he walked on the sky proudly.
At this moment, his expression was extremely cold because Jiang Chen had destroyed his corpse puppets. He vowed that Jiang Chen will become his first new puppet. This brat is stronger than most of the people out there.
“I have to say… I will be worried if you’re allowed to grow stronger. I’ll have to kill you before you truly grow. You shall become a part of history and today shall be your death anniversary.”
“Half-Step Heavenly God Realm. I have never faced one before. Looks like today will be a challenge.” Jiang Chen was calm.
He leapt up towards the sky with his blade. He knew that he couldn’t run away from this battle now. He must fight with all his might, he has no other choice!
Half-Step Heavenly God Realm was something out of Jiang Chen’s expectation. Fortunately, there was no one around him. Otherwise, he could not ensure their safety and would become fodders because it’d be not easy for him to defeat this guy. He could probably defeat a Peak True God but not a Half-step Heavenly God. The magma beast was a Heavenly God but its attribute was in favor of Jiang Chen.
“Your challenge shall become your end. I love the fresh blood of the experts to become nourishment for my Profound Iron Whip. It will be exciting.” Li Yan’s lips curved into a smile. He had already imagined the scene where Jiang Chen was kneeling down begging for his life.
Xue Qianying was looking at this scene from afar with her cold eyes. She correctly guessed Jiang Chen’s gaze and he too understood her gaze. He did all of that and faced the risk alone for the sake of others. Yet he was misunderstood by the others. At this moment, she felt Jiang Chen’s action was not worth it.
But nobody could change this fact. Jiang Chen chose this path even though he knew it was risky. He bore the risk of this danger and the misunderstanding from the others. Jiang Chen had no confidence in this battle. Otherwise, why would you use such a roundabout method to chase them away?
“That fool.” Xue Qianying murmured as her always calm mental state had a ripple at this moment.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2349 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2350


Chapter 2350
The might of the Ancient Soaring Dragon Technique
Li Yan attacked Jiang Chen using his whip filled with killing intent.
Jiang Chen quickly teleported away. The current Li Yan was unparalleled. The strength of a Half-Step Heavenly God was unimaginable. This was Jiang Chen’s hardest battle where he did not have a sure-win method but at least he wouldn’t lose so easily against him. Moreover, he did not know what cards Li Yan still have. Hence he had to be passive to probe what scheme his opponent had. To win a battle, one must understand one’s opponent.
Li Yan charged forwards and Jiang Chen kept on retreating. The latter backing off gave the former the confidence to charge at head on. Li Yan managed to land two attacks as Jiang Chen got careless. That fiery pain that could strike one’s soul shocked Jiang Chen. This fella is pretty darn strong.
Li Yan managed to push Jiang Chen into a corner in just an instant and whipped Jiang Chen back if he tried to charge forward.
Jiang Chen who was under the Dragon Transformation was forced to be passive. He could not confront Li Yan head-on. Fortunately, Li Yan did not rush for a close-quarter battle.
Jiang Chen wasn’t afraid of his opponent while under the Dragon Transformation and with the Profound Heavenly Armour but that whip was something else. Even the Profound Heavenly Armour wasn’t able to defend against its effect. Hence, he felt somewhat threatened by it.
His strength was at its peak. Yet he still couldn’t really injure Li Yan, and was even pushed to the corner by him from the very start. As a result, Jiang Chen needed to fight harder than ever. If he was any other average person, he would’ve been exhausted from getting whipped by Li Yan. Jiang Chen did not give up and fought on, not giving an inch to the enemy to take advantage of.
“Soaring Heavenly God Striking Whip!” Li Yan roared.
The whip changed into a strong wind that sliced from the sky. His aura suddenly became extremely savage. Jiang Chen’s expression changed drastically, and he immediately retreated. However, he was still struck by Li Yan’s attack. He tumbled and flew backwards from the force.
Jiang Chen coughed out a mouth full of blood and his expression changed. He felt Li Yan’s killing intent through that attack. This fella is quite terrifying.
“Great Divination Art!”
With the Great Divination Art as the base to fight against Li Yan, Jiang Chen could finally unleash his strongest skill.
Jiang Chen and Li Yan clashed against one another. However, even after using the Dragon Transformation, Jiang Chen couldn’t win against a Half-Step Heavenly God.
“Ancient Soaring Dragon Technique!” Jiang Chen roared.
This was his first time unleashing the Ancient Soaring Dragon Technique after Dragon Transformation. This time, his whole body was covered with dazzling golden scales. The Ancient Soaring Dragon Technique instantly raised his cultivation level to the… Half-Step Heavenly God Realm!
At this moment, Jiang Chen felt like he had gained the power of the Gods, he was filled with vigorous energy and killing intent. Li Yan was dumbfounded by this scene. How could Jiang Chen suddenly reach the Half-Step Heavenly God Realm?!
Li Yan’s expression became solemn after that momentary shock. He unleashed his full strength and dared not to dawdle.
A vast sea of energy began to fill Jiang Chen’s body. It could crumble the earth and shatter the heavens. It could change the terrains and decimate the myriads of living beings living under the heavens.
Jiang Chen felt like the world was his to take. This strength, this energy, this explosive power course through his veins and meridians, he felt like he could take on the world.
Jiang Chen slashed with his Heavenly Dragon Sword, mountains were split, the river roared, myriads of being crumbled. This single strike managed to heavily injure Li Yan, the might of that slash was devastating!
Even Jiang Chen did not expect that the Ancient Soaring Dragon Technique would temporarily raise his cultivation to the Half-Step Heavenly God realm. Raising one’s cultivation by two levels. Plus, with the help of the technique, his brute strength was also raised by several folds, in addition to the Dragon Transformation.
With the both of them being on the same cultivation realm, Li Yan was instantly pushed back by Jiang Chen. Jiang Chen wasn’t planning on giving him a breather. At this moment, he charged and launched the powerful Five Elements Combat Dragon Seal. The Ancient Soaring Dragon Technique also increased the power of the Five Elements Combat Dragon Seal by several folds.
A ripple went through Jiang Chen’s mental state, and he found it hard to control himself. One’s cultivation is the true hard fact in this world. Nobody could win against a much more powerful one whose words are the law. Who can stop a truly powerful being?
Jiang Chen knew that his cultivation was still too weak. He wouldn’t have been so passive earlier if he was a Half-Step Heavenly God too.
Li Yan was heavily injured by the Five Elements Combat Dragon Seal. He did not expect Jiang Chen to have such cards under his sleeves. To forcefully raise one’s cultivation realm by two levels, this was unheard of! Truly eye-opening!
“How can this be?” Li Yan couldn’t believe it.
But it was the fact, he was pushed back twice by Jiang Chen, without any resistance whatsoever. Even though they were both Half-Step Heavenly Gods, he was like a child without any strength. The situation has turned around, he became the one getting smacked by his opponent.
Li Yan felt that Jiang Chen’ strength was somewhat unstable. He’ll certainly suffer a backlash as he forced himself to increase his cultivation. As long as I persist, he’ll certainly revert back to his original strength.
“Are you waiting for the chance to attack when I am weakened? You may not have that chance.” Jiang Chen said coldly.
“Three Thousand Flames Dragon Seal!”
The Five Elemental True Fire formed into a terrifying dragon seal. With the help of the Ancient Soaring Dragon Technique, its power had also peaked. It was extremely effective towards those evil beings.
It should be said that Li Yan’s cultivation was much more unstable compared to Jiang Chen, because he had already forced his cultivation to increase when he first entered the Hidden Secret Realm.
At this moment, the Three Thousand Flames Dragon Seal along with the Five Elemental True Fire burst towards his chest. Li Yan felt his internal organs were burning.
“N… Stop…” Li Yan’s eyes finally showed terror.
After he felt the threat of death, he knew that he would be killed if he moved slow.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2350 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2351


Chapter 2351
Li Zhongheng
“Your last day has come,” declared Jiang Chen.
The dreadfulness of the Three Thousand Flames Dragon Seal surpassed his imagination. At this moment, he was finally able to display his strength and let Li Yan experience his true colours. The Ancient Soaring Dragon Technique was indeed very terrifying, however, Jiang Chen could feel that the Divine Origin Strength he had stored was almost consumed after only using the technique thrice. He was well-aware that it was an unprecedented consumption of strength. He had the feeling that his body was completely strained and even the Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pill would not be able to help him recover. He felt that his life was being consumed even until now.
The Ancient Soaring Dragon Technique was very powerful, but Jiang Chen now understood that the consumption of the Ancient Soaring Dragon Technique was terrifying as well.
Li Yan fled after losing due to the suppression of the Ancient Soaring Dragon Technique. At this moment, Jiang Chen also felt a great pressure restraining him, but he still needed to kill Li Yan right now. Otherwise, Li Yan might turn around and kill him the moment he used up all of his Divine Origin Strength.
“You don’t have the chance to run away anymore.”
Jiang Chen murmured as killing intent shone out from his eyes. He displayed the mightiness of being a half-step Heavenly God. He swept across in all directions with his Sword of Solitude.
“No…!”
Li Yan screamed but the Sword of Solitude had brought him into despair.
Jiang Chen would never stop himself and even Xue Qianying who stood afar was stunned for a moment seeing the dreadfulness of Jiang Chen’s strike.
When the sword fell on Li Yan, rain poured down on the ground with strong wind breezing. There were fierce roars between the mountains and thunderstorms struck.
Jiang Chen kneeled on the ground while looking completely pale. The Ancient Soaring Dragon Technique was incomparably formidable yet it had used up a lot of his strength. It was impossible for him to recover fully in a short period of time.
“Jiang Chen? What happened?”
Yang Jian and the others ran towards Jiang Chen who looked very pale right now. They were quite worried as they saw Jiang Chen was full of blood and sweat.
“He has died. So you guys are alive now.”
Jiang Chen smiled.
Pan Hong frowned and said, “What do you mean? I don’t get it.”
“I recalled what happened. Our souls were being controlled by Li Yan of the Ghost Eye Sect. How did it happen? How about Li Yan? Has he died?”
Leng Lingyi looked at Jiang Chen with great shock. In their eyes, Li Yan was quite formidable, but he had unexpectedly died in Jiang Chen’s hand. Leng Lingyi was dumbstruck by Jiang Chen’s strength. He even found it unbelievable.
Yang Jian looked at the corpse not far away and said, “That is Li Yan’s corpse.”
They were all dumbfounded by Jiang Chen’s strength. But Yang Jian still found it acceptable as he had seen Jiang Chen’s strength before. When Jiang Chen was a Late True God, he even killed Helian Wushuang who was a Middle True God. Yang Jian was full of admiration towards Jiang Chen when he looked at the peerless genius of Ghost Eye Sect who was lying on the ground with blood.
“Alright. This is the dragon egg Bai Yunfei wanted me to give you. But he has…”
Yang Jian said with a gloomy face.
Jiang Chen nodded and said, “I already know about it.”
“It’s all my fault. I couldn’t protect him well.”
Pan Hong sighed.
“It’s not your fault. He was not wrong as well. The problem is that we are living in a cruel world. Everything is governed by the law of the jungle. Whoever acts slowly will be eliminated. Life is very vulnerable. We can’t blame anyone.”
Jiang Chen said in a low voice and kept the dragon egg. He did not reject it because that was the last thing Bai Yunfei gave him. He would definitely keep it well.
“Who’s that? Who are you?”
A deafening voice reverberated in the sky. It resounded in the void and one could even hear it from a thousand miles away. It’s like the roaring of the heavens.
Jiang Chen’s countenance fell. He knew that the voice came from someone with bad intentions.
“Hurry! Run!” Jiang Chen hurriedly said.
“But, how about you? I am afraid that the voice came from someone with malicious intent.” Yang Jian worriedly said.
“You’re running out of time, hurry!”
Jiang Chen roared in rage. It was the first time Yang Jian saw that Jiang Chen was so overbearing and furious. He was stunned for a second, but immediately ran away along with Leng Lingyi and Pan Hong.
“Take care.” Pan Hong said.
The three of them turned into a ray of light and disappeared.
When Jiang Chen turned around, a black-robed man appeared. He was nine-feet tall and his body was incomparably vigorous. His cold eyes were filled with rage and his oppressive imposing manner felt like it was going to swallow the heavens and earth anytime. Everything in the world seemed to have submitted to him. Jiang Chen only sensed this kind of aura once before from Xuanyuan Canglan, the first Great Guardian of the Clear Stream Sect.
The black-robed man had flowing long hair that was filled with evil charm, and his deep eyes looked quite dreadful. His aura was much more formidable compared to Li Yan and he was currently aiming at Jiang Chen.
“You killed my brother Li Yan, didn’t you?”
The black-robed man said while the killing intent in his words surrounded Jiang Chen.
“You’re right. Are you here to keep his corpse?”
Jiang Chen smiled.
“Good at talking. However, you’re already dead the moment you saw me. I have heard of you. Jiang Chen, the little boy from Profound Feng Sect. It’s sad that even the Three Great Guardians are looking for you now. I am curious about what you have with you since Xuanyuan Canglan is also looking for you.”
Li Zhongheng stared at Jiang Chen. He seemed to want to see through Jiang Chen.
“However, they weren’t able to catch me.”
Jiang Chen was fearless even in the face of Li Zhongheng.
“Great. Great. Xuanyuan Canglan couldn’t catch you but it doesn’t mean I can’t. You can show me all of your competence, but you seem badly injured now.”
Li Zhongheng said with disdain.
“I really want to see how you are going to escape from me today. You’re gonna pay this debt with your blood.”
Li Zhongheng sounded ruthless and he made a heavy blow against Jiang Chen immediately. Jiang Chen immediately retreated but his strength has only eighty percent recovered after eating three of Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pill. The Ancient Soaring Dragon Technique had used up too much of his strength.
Jiang Chen dodged the attacks quickly but he was still hit by one of Li Zhongheng’s palms. It was hard for his injured body to withstand the attack and he felt like his body was about to be torn apart.
“Not bad, you’re still able to withstand my strike. Then I am going to make another blow.”
As soon as Li Zhongheng finished his words, he struck another heavy blow with thunderous strength. If this attack hit Jiang Chen, he might probably lose his life.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2351 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2352


Chapter 2352
The Great Escape
Jiang Chen’s countenance fell and immediately casted the Great Void Technique to dodge the following attacks from Li Zhongheng. Li Zhongheng looked solemn as he never expected that Jiang Chen would have a trick like this. Li Zhongheng was clearly unfamiliar with the Great Void Technique. This was a kind of technique that even a Hierarch expert might not be able to achieve. However, it was perfectly displayed by Jiang Chen who was only a True God. It was truly unbelievable.
At the same time, Li Zhongheng had become even more curious about Jiang Chen now because this guy might give him great surprise.
“Heavenly Great Fortune Palm!”
When the palm struck, even someone who was a hundred miles away could feel the great suppression. Jiang Chen couldn’t dodge this strike that had blocked all of his escape route. Moreover, his strength was indeed too weak right now.
“Be careful!”
A soft voice shouted. Jiang Chen was stunned for a while then a green figure brought him down and protected him.
“You!”
Jiang Chen was shocked as this strike almost shattered Xue Qianying’s meridian and she was injured severely.
“Bastard!” Jiang Chen cursed while gritting his teeth.
He immediately held Xue Qianying up and retreated. The Great Void Technique was fully displayed by Jiang Chen and he galloped and swooped just to escape from Li Zhongheng. At this moment, he definitely was not a match for Li Zhongheng. If the Fire Qilin was here, he would not be this embarrassing. However, the Fire Qilin was now cultivating with the Heart of Magma, so Jiang Chen could not disturb him. Jiang Chen would never do it unless he really had no choice.
If he did not choose to battle and just run away using his Great Void Technique, Li Zhongheng would have no way of catching him.
Jiang Chen was holding Xue Qianying at this moment. Xue Qianying was willing to sacrifice her life to save him at the most critical moment and even suffered an attack just for him. He felt really bitter and furious but he was not a match for Li Zhongheng right now due to his injury. That was why he knew that he could not risk himself to battle with Li Zhongheng recklessly.
“Why would you be that naive.”
Jiang Chen said while running.
“You always choose to deal with the danger for everyone’s sake. Why couldn’t I be fearless and save you?” Xue Qianying replied faintly.
She did not think too much at this moment, but Jiang Chen felt guilty deep in his heart.
“If I was even late for a second to take you away. You might have died. He is a half-step Heavenly God. It is impossible for a Late True God to withstand his strike.”
Jiang Chen said angrily, but it was too late for him to say anything.
“Let me see where you are running to. Just give up.’
Li Zhongheng’s voice echoed between the mountains. Jiang Chen turned his head to have a look but he did not slow down at all. With the Great Void Technique, he started his great escape.
“Put me down, otherwise, you won’t be able to make it.”
Xue Qianying said.
“Seriously? If I abandon you now, am I still human?”
Jiang Chen patted Xue Qianying’s ass hard which made her blush. She was annoyed for a moment but only pouted her lips tightly, and she did not say anything.
Jiang Chen did not care what Xue Qianying said. Fortunately, he had the peerless Great Void Technique, otherwise, Li Zhongheng would’ve caught up by now. However, Li Zhongheng still did not give up chasing Jiang Chen even though they had run for more than a hundred thousand miles. He did not stop his footstep at all. A half-step Heavenly God’s strength was much superior than Jiang Chen, that was why Jiang Chen could not easily shake off Li Zhongheng.
The Great Void Technique could only temporarily help them not to be caught by Li Zhongheng immediately. It could not harm Li Zhongheng at all. Although the Great Void Technique could help Jiang Chen shuttle through the void for thousands of miles, he had actually not yet achieved the highest realm of the technique.
In their escape, they had gone through glaciers, mountains, forests, rivers, lakes and countless ruins. Jiang Chen had already forgotten where he was heading. Now, he reached an enormous bamboo forest that was full of trees and hills. On the mountain wall, the words Thousand Leaves Purple Bamboo Forest could clearly be seen!
Jiang Chen had been dashing wildly throughout their escape and the Great Void Technique almost used up his final strength. At this moment, he was exhausted and unable to continue running anymore. The two of them were severely injured and stranded at the Thousand Leaves Purple Bamboo Forest.
“Finally you decided to stop.”
Li Zhongheng smiled faintly and looked calm. After flying for so long, Jiang Chen finally took a rest and caught his breath. However, Li Zhongheng actually had been standing in front of him.
“You’re quite determined.”
Jiang Chen sneered.
“You’re right. Because I want to know what is the reason Xuanyuan Canglan wanted to capture you.”
Li Zhongheng smiled.
“This is the reason!”
In a flash, Jiang Chen and Xue Qianying entered the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda and disappeared immediately.
“A Spatial Divine Tool?”
Li Zhongheng was stunned and his countenance fell. He had heard his master say before that Spatial Divine Tools were very rare between the heavens and earth. Refining a Spatial Divine Tool was more difficult than refining a Spatial Ring. It was very rare to have a Spatial Divine Tool that could house humans. Spatial Divine Tool was like the existence of the feather of the phoenix in the Divine World. Because of its rareness, Li Zhongheng knew very well about the Spatial Divine Tool.
Jiang Chen squinted his eyes. It was out of his expectation that Li Zhongheng would know this much.
“What’s this place? A Spatial Divine Tool?”
Xue Qianying’s countenance fell and she looked around. Li Zhongheng was standing not far away and he looked gigantic.
Of course, Xue Qianying heard about the Spatial Divine Tool before as well. However, she never knew that Jiang Chen was this dreadful to have a Spatial Divine Tool. No wonder the Three Great Guardians of Clear Stream Sect and Li Zhongheng kept chasing him.
“I know that you must be hiding in a Spatial Divine Tool. Do you think by doing that I won’t be able to get you? Hehe. You have underestimated my sect.”
Li Zhongheng said in a deep voice. Jiang Chen finally felt a bit relieved now that he was inside the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda but he dared not to be careless. If Li Zhongheng really had some tricks to find him, that would be a crisis for them.
“This is my supreme divine tool. You don’t need to worry here. It’s safe here. I just don’t want to be trapped here. I guess I will need some time to recover my strength. I am sorry that you have to be here with me during this period of time.”
“Alright.”
Xue Qianying said in a low voice. She did not have any complaints because she was also injured severely. Jiang Chen took out a piece of Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pill for Xue Qingying. She did not hesitate and took the pill immediately. In an instant, her strength was recovered partially. Although the Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pill was effective and mystical, it would still take one or two days for her to fully recover as her meridians were badly injured. No matter how, she was still dumbfounded by Jiang Chen.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2352 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2353


Hymn of Sanskrit in the Vortex
“I am going to kill you!”
Lightning was rolling and raging out from Li Zhongheng’s palm strikes. The entire Thousand Leaves Purple Bamboo Forest was messed up by his attack, but he still could not see Jiang Chen’s figure, and the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda was not affected at all.
Li Zhongheng curled up his mouth slightly and said, “Good guy. Seems like I have underestimated you.”
“Forget to tell you something, Jiang Chen. Refining Corpse Technique isn’t the strongest skill of my sect. Instead, Ghost Cave Formation is our most powerful skill. Don’t know if you’ve heard of this peerless technique before or not. Hehe.”
Li Zhongheng’s voice resounded around Jiang Chen’s ears.
“Ghost Cave Formation of Ghost Eye Sect is extremely formidable. It is the most fearsome among all of the formations in the Linhe Boundary. It is unparalleled and it earns its reputation.”
Xue Qianying said in a low voice. Her face was filled with worry.
“Then let’s see if his technique is able to find me or not,” Jiang Chen said with full confidence.
“Even if the Divine Emperor is here, I am still confident to say that.”
Jiang Chen smiled proudly.
“Ghost Cave Shattering Heaven Formation!”
Zhong Liheng casted his formation. No one would be able to hide away from the effect of the formation within a hundred miles. The Ghost Eye Shattering Heaven Formation was the inheritance of the Ghost Cave Clan. According to the legend, hundred and thousand years ago, Ghost Eye Sect was a branch of the Ghost Cave Clan. That was why Ghost Eye Sect had inherited everything from that clan. However, what really happened between them, only the insiders would know.
At the moment, the forest suddenly became extremely quiet. It was difficult to break the Ghost Eye Shattering Heaven Formation that was casted by a half-step Heavenly God. The formation was also one of  Li Zhongheng’s trump cards. As long as he was still alive, no one would be able to break through the formation.
“Heavenly Eyes that identifies the truth. Appear now!”
Li Zhongheng opened his eyes suddenly. His bluish Ghost Eyes saw through everything within the hundred miles, however, he was not able to find Jiang Chen’s location. There was nothing showing the sign that Jiang Chen was still here.
“Impossible. It’s impossible! Why couldn’t my Ghost Eye find him? No one can run away from my Ghost Cave Formation. I don’t believe that you could do it!” Li Zhongheng roared fiercely.
However, he strongly believed that Jiang Chen had not left the place yet. It’s just that he just could not trace his location yet.
“Ghost Eye Rain of Sword!”
The places where Li Zhongheng scanned through were filled with falling hundreds and thousands of swords as if droplets poured down on the ground. Everything was turned into ruins and dusts within the hundred miles under his Ghost Eye Rain of Sword.
Seeing this scene, Xue Qianying was shocked as it was quite terrifying. She did not know when Li Zhongheng would be able to find Jiang Chen’s Ancestral Dragon Pagoda. If that happened, then they would come to a dead end.
“Don’t worry. No one can break through the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda. Even though his Ghost Eye is formidable, it is impossible for him to get me.”
No matter how strong and dreadful the torrent of swords, Jiang Chen was very calm.
“Come out! Come out!”
Li Zhongheng had used up all of his might and turned the entire forest into chaos. However, the dreadful mightiness was unable to overcome Jiang Chen. Finally, Li Zhongheng understood why even the Three Great Guardians of Clear Stream Sect failed to get what they wanted.
“Something’s wrong. Why is this formation so dreadful? “
Jiang Chen’s countenance fell suddenly as he felt that heaven and earth were turning around at the moment. A second ago, everything was still fine under Li Zhongheng’s strike, but now the heaven and earth were really shaking. Out of his expectation, the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda started trembling.
“What kind of formation is this?”
Jiang Chen was shocked as he never sensed such dreadfulness before. Although he stayed deep inside the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda, he still felt the great pressure released from the formation.
“This is not from Li Zhongheng’s formation!” Jiang Chen shouted.
At the same time, Li Zhongheng’s face looked terrible as well and he was terrified because an enormous vortex started forming up and spinning in the middle of his Ghost Cave Shattering Heaven Formation. It became bigger and bigger. In less than fifteen minutes, the vortex became more than a hundred metres and it absorbed all of the mountains and trees around it. One could not see the depth of the terrifying vortex.
“This is not my technique.”
Li Zhongheng felt speechless because he never expected there was such a dreadful formation existing.
The terrifying energy of the vortex kept increasing, forcing Li Zhongheng to keep withdrawing himself. However, he was in his own formation right now and he was stuck there. Hence, he was not able to break through the vortex and run away.
The enormous suction force of the vortex had made Li Zhongheng struggle as he could not withstand it. After thirty minutes, the size of the vortex had become more than ten miles. He knew that he had miscreated a huge trouble.
“Oh no! No!”
Li Zhongheng roared in rage. Unfortunately for him, without any way out, he was still sucked by the enormous vortex
“The suction force is too strong. It’s difficult to withstand it and even all of the mountains and plants were absorbed. It’s terrifying.”
Xue Qianying shivered slightly and unconsciously withdrew herself. But then she realised that she was inside the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda and there was no way for her to retreat anymore.
“This formation must be triggered by Li Zhongheng’s Ghost Cave Shattering Heaven Formation. What a bastard. Things are not well now. My Ancestral Dragon Pagoda is going to be absorbed into the vortex soon,” Jiang Chen said.
He had no way to solve the criss as well at the moment. If he went out from Ancestral Dragon Pagoda now, most probably he would experience the same consequence as Li Zhongheng.
“Such a despicable guy!”
At the moment, everyone was involved in the trouble. Jiang Chen who was in the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda could only submit his fate to the heavens because the suction force of the vortex was indeed too powerful. It was not something that he was able to withstand.
“This might be a formation that Li Zhongheng accidentally triggered its formation eye.”
Xue Qianying said. However, would such a dreadful formation really be able to absorb myriad things?
In the vortex, there was a hymn of sanskrit echoing from the beginning until the end. Jiang Chen frowned his forehead because he could not figure out what was that.
“namonibamiom……namonibamiom……”
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2353 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2354


Chapter 2354
Disappearance of Divine Strength
Soft wind blew while bamboo leaves flew around the sky. When Jiang Chen opened his eyes again, he realised that he was still at the Thousand Leaves Purple Bamboo Forest.
No one expected that they were returned back to where they were after the chaos. It seemed like the vortex never appeared before. The familiar place reappeared in front of them again as if everything was fine. Jiang Chen’s pupils shrunk and his countenance fell as he did not believe that nothing happened.
“What happened? What happened just now is only an illusion, isn’t it?”
Xue Qiangying glanced at Jiang Chen. She was worried because this was the first time she encountered a situation like this. Everything here looked familiar but also looked a bit strange.
“What happened earlier is not an illusion but everything here right now might be an illusion,” Jiang Chen replied in a deep voice.
Li Zhongheng was somewhere not far from them and he looked a bit perplexed. His cold body was just stunned there.
“Why would it be like that? Why am I still here? I thought I was engulfed by the vortex. Jiang Chen is still here.”
Li Zhongheng squinted his eyes slightly and looked at Jiang Chen, full of killing intent. However, when he made a heavy blow, his strike was not as powerful as what he expected.
“Why is it so? Why would my Divine Strength disappear?”
Li Zhongheng shouted. He was shocked and his countenance fell. He staggered back with eyes full of fear. He did not know why he lost his Divine Strength. His peerless and invincible imposing might had also disappeared completely.
Jiang Chen was stunned for a while. He thought of immediately running away to dodge Li Zhongheng’s attack, however, the attack was only like a strike of void that caused no harm at all. Meanwhile, Li Zhongheng now looked like a clown standing there and his face was full of doubt as he was very shocked.
“Unfortunately. I have also lost my Divine Strength.”
Xue Qianying shouted. Jiang Chen started feeling the seriousness of the matter.
“I have lost all of my Divine Strength as well. If I am right, I guess we have fallen into a formation. What we are seeing right now might not be different from what we saw in the Thousand Leaves Purple Bamboo Forest. Hmmm no, that’s not right….”
Jiang Chen kept silent for awhile and looked at the mountain wall and continue to speak:
“The ‘Thousand Leaves Purple Bamboo Forest’ is written upside down. We are not in the same place as before. This is a formation that makes us lose ourselves and our Divine Strength.”
“There is such a mystical formation in the world? It’s quite creepy.”
Xue Qianying’s voice was quite soft. However, as they really could not display their Divine Strength, they started feeling very small.
“The world is so big that everything is possible. I guess the formation eye of this formation is the vortex that we saw just now. Did you hear the hymn of Sanskrit in the vortex?” Jiang Chen asked.
“Yes, I heard it. But what does that mean?”
Xue Qianying was in great doubt.
“This must be a Buddhist territory and must be quite a formidable area.”
Jiang Chen murmured. At the moment, he wanted to cast the Great Void Technique but realised that he could not cast any Divine Strength at all. It was impossible to travel through the void to exit this place. Since he failed to cast the Great Void Technique, he realised that even his Ancestral Dragon Pagoda was not effective at the moment as well. Jiang Chen finally understood how dreadful this place was.
The existence of this place was completely out of his imagination. Li Zhongheng was also terrified at this moment.
Jiang Chen this time was really at a loss of what to do. He could only see the situation beforehand then only decide what to do. However, he was very sure that this was not the Thousand Leave Purple Bamboo Forest. It’s undeniable.
“Your Divine Strength has gone too, hasn’t it?”
Li Zhongheng looked at Jiang Chen and Xue Qianying.
“What do you think?” Jiang Chen asked.
“Do you know what kind of place is this?” Li Zhongheng asked.
It was hard to believe that both of them were standing at the same side right now and they had no bad intention against each other. The battle before had become a joke because they had lost their Divine Strength now.
“You, as the peerless genius of Ghost Eye Sect who mastered various formations and is able to see through everything. Can’t you realise that this is a formation? We are now inside the formation.”
Jiang Chen answered faintly.
Li Zhongheng snorted but he knew that they were now actually on the same boat. Even though he was ridiculed by Jiang Chen, he had nothing to respond because what he said was the truth. He had also made the same guess as Jiang Chen’s.
They had to look for some ideas to get out of here as soon as possible. Leaving this place now became their top priority.
“Whatever we crave will end up as emptiness. Unexpectedly, there are three people here this time. It’s surprising but also hard to choose.”
A bright voice sounded near Jiang Chen’s ear. A youth with a young and soft face with two soaring buns on his head was walking steadily towards Jiang Chen and others. He released some kind of mature aura.
“Little kid, who are you? What is this place?”
Li Zhongheng said with a deep voice.
“Little kid? Hahaha.”
The youth laughed wildly and looked at Li Zhongheng with disdain.
“I have lived for more than millions of years, but this is the first time I heard someone call me a little kid. You’re ridiculous.”
Jiang Chen’s countenance fell immediately after hearing that. That meant he was more than a million years old now and he had not passed away yet. This also meant that this guy was quite terrifying. What kind of existence was he?Was he a Divine Emperor or even a God Emperor?
But he did not look like that at all. He might not even reach Heavenly God Realm yet. However, he showed the manner as if he was peerless and invincible under the heavens. Even Li Zhongheng was disdained by the youth.
“Who are you? Why are you here?”
Li Zhongheng asked with a soft voice, trying not to offend the youth.
“Who am I ? You guys have no qualification to know about my name. Hehe. When I was trapped here last time, I was a Hierarch, but now I am not even a Heavenly God.”
The youth said angrily. His gloomy face made it apparent that he was quite furious. He looked at the sky with hatred but his face still looked innocent. He was like a child, naive and pure. Even Xue Qianying could not help feeling compassion towards him and her eyes showed motherly feelings.
“Are you kidding?”
Jiang Chen took a cold breath. If what he said was real, he was a more than millions year Hierarch. It was an overbearing existence. But how would he be trapped here?
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2354 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2355


Chapter 2355
Once One Sees the No Beginning, All the Four Elements are Void
“Bullsh*t. Do you think we are stupid enough to believe what you said? The maximum lifespan of a Hierarch expert is only a hundred thousand years. But you said that you have lived up to more than millions of years, do you think you’re a Divine Emperor? Hahaha. It’s funny! Your intelligence is seriously a joke.”
Li Zhongheng sighed. He felt that this youth must be a conceited boy. Even though he used to be very formidable, right now he was only a mortal human being. In this formation, everyone was equal. Moreover, since he had been trapped here for so many years, it showed that the formation was not simple.
“A bunch of ignorant guys. Some Hierarchs might only be able to live up to ten thousand years, but what can others do to me if I have a long life?”
The youth said proudly.
“No matter what, you are still trapped here.”
Xue Qianying said in a low voice.
The youth blushed and gave Xue Qianying an unsatisfied glance and said:
“Do you think this is a simple formation that everyone could leave easily? Even I, as a Hierarch, was unable to break through the formation.”
Jiang Chen could see that the formation had already driven the youth crazy. If everything was as he said, he could actually be considered as a man with great determination by not going nuts or commiting suicide after being trapped here for millions of years.
If Jiang Chen was the one trapped here for millions of years, he was not sure if he would not commit suicide. This youth was definitely not simple.
“Anyway, master Hierarch, do you know what kind of formation this is? Where did it come from? Is it real that no one can get out of this formation? What was that enormous vortex?”
Jiang Chen’s face looked solemn. He looked at the youth without contempt that Li Zhongheng showed just now. So, the youth was still quite polite to Jiang Chen.
The youth gave Jiang Chen a glance and said faintly:
“This is a No Beginning Formation from the Formation God, King Ba An during the ancient period. No Beginning Formation began from the creation of the heavens and earth as King Ba An wanted to blend such a subtle formation into the heavens and earth. However, he was also trapped here for thirty thousand years, and only then did he manage to free himself from the formation. As the old saying goes, once one sees no beginning, all the four elements are void. The person who can break out from this formation is definitely a person who mastered the Three Worlds and Six Dao.
“Da Shi once said that the formation recycles itself every five million years and the No Beginning Formation will break itself. Perhaps, I only have to wait for about three million years more, then I will be able to return to the world again.”
He murmured while his eyes were filled with some confusion. He was excited but also a bit helpless. He was happy because there were more people to wait with him. However, he was quite helpless because he might need to be alone again after a hundred years. He had to deal with the No Beginning Formation alone for another million years.
“Avalokiteśvara? Who’s the Avalokiteśvara? Why would there be a Sanskrit hymn in the vortex?”
Jiang Chen asked again.
“You have thought too much. This is not something that you could understand. Since you’re here already, just accept the fact. It is impossible to get out of here. The world here is only limited to the Thousand Leaves Purple Bamboo Forest. Since you are here, accompany me for a hundred years. I will grieve for you when you pass away one day.”
The youth said with a cold smile.
“If you don’t try, how do you know it’s impossible to get out of this No Beginning Formation.?”
Jiang Chen said with a smile.
“Seems like you’re quite confident in yourself. In the first ten thousand years, I had thought that way as well. However, time let you know that the No Beginning Formation is originally from the heavens and earth. Do you know what ‘No Beginning’ means? It means never stop, never end and never begins. Don’t waste your effort anymore.”
The youth’s words did not seem to discourage Jiang Chen.
“You won’t die even after a hundred thousands years but we only have very limited time.
“I am happy for you that you are still so excited after being imprisoned here for millions of years. Hehe.”
Li Zhongheng said with a strange tone.
“Once one sees the no beginning, all the four elements are void.”
Jiang Chen murmured. Facing this world of void and being trapped in this formation made Jiang Chen feel helpless as well. Even a Hierarch expert could not find any way out after a million years here. If he was able to find the exit without much effort, wouldn’t this youth lose all of his dignity for not being able to get out after so many years?
“It’s the No Beginning Formation of King Ba An. It was said that this formation was lost in the Divine World since the ancient period. It’s still here unexpectedly.”
Red Lotus’ voice resounded in Jiang Chen’s mind.
“You are awake, aren’t you?
Jiang Chen asked.
“In the No Beginning Formation, your Ancestral Dragon Pagoda will lose its power as well. There is no exception for the Myriad Qi Cauldron. The No Beginning Formation is very mystical. Even a Divine Emperor, such a formidable figure would be stranded here.”
Jiang Chen was dumbstruck by what Red Lotus said. The Karmic Fire of the Red Lotus had existed since the ancient period, so literally she was a historical encyclopedia of the Divine World. Why could he forget about her? However, if the Myriad Qi Cauldron did not experience transformation in the No Beginning Formation, then Karmic Fire of the Red Lotus might not appear now.
“You know something about this No Beginning Formation by King Ba An?”
Jiang Chen was shocked and asked. Undeniably, Red Lotus’s emergence had given him some confidence.
“Not too much. But King Ba An was well-known. During the ancient period, King Ba An was popular and invincible with his No Beginning Formation. He’s truly a legend.”
“Was King Ba An a God Emperor?”
Jiang Chen asked through his mind.
Red Lotus rolled her eyes and stared at Jiang Chen.
“Do you think everyone could reach the God Emperor realm? Do you think it’s based on personal capability to master the Law of the Heavens and Earth to become a God Emperor? God Emperor is the highest realm in the Divine World. It is the peerless and invisible realm in the Divine World. Normally, a God Emperor would not appear in front of humans because they have surpassed the mortal realm. It’s said that only a Buddist master can break this formation. A God Emperor might not be willing to deal with this formation as well. The old saying is right. Once one sees the no beginning, all the four elements are void. That means that even if you’re formidable, you couldn’t display your strength at all in the No Beginning Formation. To overcome the formation, you don’t use your strength but you need to comprehend the essence of formation between the heavens and earth.”
Although what Red Lotus said did not help Jiang Chen too much, it solved his doubt in his heart.
“Who is the Avalokiteśvara? Do you know him?”
Jiang Chen continued to ask.
“He is one of the buddha in Buddhism. Except Avalokiteśvara, I never heard of any other that dared to call themself as buddha under the heavens. When my father was in his highest realm, he dared not to offend Avalokiteśvara as well. Is this formation related to Avalokiteśvara?”
Red Lotus was also quite doubtful at this moment, however, she was also helpless when dealing with this No Beginning Formation.
“I never expected that you would be so lucky to fall into the only No Beginning Formation under the heavens.”
Red Lotus gritted her teeth and one could imagine how great was the rage and unwillingness in her heart. To be trapped here, the formation was like a forbidden existence. Except the master of Buddhism, no one had ever managed to break free from the No Beginning Formation before. This was a prison of death!
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2355 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2356


Chapter 2356
The helplessness of the Young Reverend
“Not even a God Emperor could do anything about it?” Jiang Chen said.
Does this mean that they are doomed? Not even this so-called Immortal Reverend could do anything to change their situation.
“In other words, the No Beginning Formation is the end of life?” Li Zongheng murmured with a somewhat pale expression.
He tried everything but without divine energy, how long can he last? Without any strength, what can they use to break through this formation? It was an impossible mission.
Li Zongheng’s expression changed over and over again as if he had gone somewhat mad. He could not take the pressure, not even a second. To become an everyday human mortal and a mortal without anything, he cannot accept it. He imagined himself for the next 10 years and 100 years in this empty formation that spans only a hundred-metre across. To spend the next second, minute, days, years… Such an excruciating experience was much more torturing than death.
“I refuse to believe! I refuse to believe that I’ll be stuck here forever. This cannot happen!” Li Zongheng shouted hysterically.
Jiang Chen could feel the despair within the deepest part of his soul. Not even someone like him was exempt from such emotion. But he has to accept this fact, no one will be able to change this cold-hard-fact. If you can’t leave this place, why not enjoy the time you have here?
Jiang Chen looked at Li Zongheng’s waning figure as he flew away, his expression became slightly ugly. But what else can they do now? Li Zongheng was the prime example of a powerful expert instantly becoming a human mortal. Nobody wanted to fall and accept it. But this was the fate given by the heavens, what should they do about it?
Xue Qianying looked at Jiang Chen. She appears to be much more relaxed than Jiang Chen.
“You look like you’re not even the least bit worried.” Jiang Chen looked at Xue Qianying.
“You’re not worried either, so why should I be? Only by having the authority to control the life and death of the people under the heavens and possessing unparalleled strength could one truly be happy? The most painful thing in this world is none other than this, many people know that they do not want these things, yet they still pursue them. They knew that what they’re doing may not be right but they still continue doing it. Never did they think that by taking a step back, everything becomes peaceful. Especially us, who pursued fame, authority and power for our whole lives, in the end it’s just endless slaughter and materialistic gains, is that the true source of happiness?”
Jiang Chen was slightly shocked by Xue Qianying words and his heart calmed down a little. Everything becomes clear and peaceful after taking a step back. Has he ever taken a step back? Who will protect his loved ones and friends if he does not charge forward? Who would truly care on this pile of ashen bones if he fell on his path towards greatness?
“Your thoughts are different from that fella. Lady, this reverend looks highly upon you, you will certainly reach great heights in the future.” Young Reverend said and gave Xue Qianying a thumbs up.
Xue Qianying never thought that this young man with an old mentality would be this calm. With just a single motivating gaze, Jiang Chen and Xue Qianying knew that this Young Reverend was no simple man.
“Lord Reverend, may I know how you got stuck here?” Xue Qianying asked, letting go of her cold attitude.
Since they were already trapped in this formation, it would be impossible for them to leave now.
The Young Reverend harrumphed, acting cold.
Jiang Chen looked at Xue Qianying and pulled her arms and led her away. At this moment, that Young Reverend became somewhat anxious.
“Why did you pull my hand?” Xue Qianying’s face blushed as she said quietly, trying to escape his grasp.
However, her arm was tightly gripped by Jiang Chen. They then both went into the bamboo forest that was brewing a comfortable wind.
“Wait, wait. Where are you guys going? Wait for me, I know this place like the back of my yard.” Young Reverend’s voice reverberated behind Jiang Chen and Xue Qianying.
Xue Qianying instantly understood and allowed Jiang Chen to continue as they walked further into the bamboo forest.
“These two little fellas, why are they so impatient. This old one only wanted to test them a little and they stopped talking to me? Damn it. There are finally two people here after a million or so years. This old one finally does not need to be as lonely as before. Hehe.” Young Reverend rubbed his hands and pursued Jiang Chen and Xue Qianying.
“Relax. He’ll talk.” Jiang Chen smiled calmly as if he had seen through the Young Reverend’s mentality.
Young Reverend was a bit flustered and angered as he caught up to Jiang Chen and said, “It is one of the tales of the Divine World on how this old one is stuck in this formation. In the past, I was a supreme reverend. What I’m saying is true. I am really a supreme reverend. Are you guys listening? Give me some respect.”
“We’re always listening. Please talk.” Jiang Chen said.
“At that time, I was arrogant, I thought I was powerful. But I met that bastard Hidden Secret Divine Emperor. I defeated many God Emperors while I was just a Hierarch hence I was cocky. In the end, I fought the Hidden Secret God Emperor, that old coot. And for three years, there’s no winner. Who knew that fella laid a trap in the Southern Sea Purple Bamboo Forest and I was baited, I devastated the whole bamboo forest, causing tsunamis, and volcanoes to erupt.
“In our final fight, Avalokiteśvara* did not come and help me. When I knew I had made a grave mistake and was extremely discouraged, that bastard used the No Beginning Formation and had me trapped while I was distracted. In the end, not even Avalokiteśvara was able to help me. Then, the Hidden Secret God Emperor used his blood as sacrifice and put his Hidden Secret Realm into the cracks between the space-time of the Heavens and Earth. Nobody knew where the realm was transported to. After that, Avalokiteśvara told me that I will face a great challenge after a million years. If I could evade it, then I may possibly go back to being an envoy. If I fail that challenge, I’ll vanish from this world like a speck of dust without waiting for the opening of the formation after 5 million years.
“Do you guys know how I lasted through these years? Avalokiteśvara used 100,000 of his life span and placed an incantation on my Divine Spark, this turned me into an Immortal Reverend but Avalokiteśvara’s vitality was hurt by this. Hence I was able to live through these years in this formation. Doesn’t this sound extremely legendary. Aren’t I worth worshipping? I am an immortal being.” Young Reverend smilingly said with an arrogant expression on his face.
“Even if you can live for another million years, so what? Aren’t you still stuck here?”
Xue Qianying poured salt on Young Reverend’s wound.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2356 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2357


Chapter 2357
Surpass the Heavenly Dao
“Don’t belittle me, I have been researching and looking for ways to get out of here. Even though I have failed countless times, I will certainly succeed in the future. Even Avalokiteśvara said before. I have to rely on my own two hands to open the Eye of the No Beginning Formation.”
“Then, continue looking for it.” Xue Qianying rolled her eyes but still looked beautiful.
“Young man. You look pretty cocky, aren’t you afraid of dying? You’ll be devoured by loneliness by staying here.” Young Reverend looked at Jiang Chen.
“You only live once. Why live an average life if you can live excitingly? However, if I cannot live an exciting life, then I will settle in living an average life.” Jiang Chen said with a smile.
Looking back on the Saint Origin World, Immortal World and the path he had gone through, he felt emotional. His path was filled with life-and-death experiences, brotherly love, affectionate love, familial love, all of those were engraved in his heart. He remembered it all. Jiang Chen felt like he was undergoing another metamorphosis. From being useless to conquering the world; from a dominator to becoming a rubble. All of this was like an illusory dream.
Young Reverend looked at Jiang Chen and Xue Qianying as if he knew something. These two fella… pretty hard to grasp… Li Zongheng is easy to understand but this Jiang Chen is truly a mysterious guy.
Jiang Chen stood in the bamboo forest and touched the green leaves around him.
“ No beginning, everything comes from nothingness, I am but a being devoid of everything, a lonely person. Hence, I can witness the no beginning, right?” Jiang Chen murmured.
The mist and fog under the heavens and earth cleared up. He stood in the bamboo forest like a mountain, not minding the wind, rain and everything else around him.
Xue Qianying accompanied him while maintaining distance. Meanwhile, Young Reverend sighed over and over again. He thought he could finally find a partner to have a conversation with. But Jiang Chen stood in the forest like a madman, not saying a single word for a whole month, like a psychotic patient.
“If the Lord of the Buddhist City can solve this formation, why can’t I?” Jiang Chen said to himself as if he was in a monologue.
“My fate is dictated by me, not by the heavens, I am fate itself and fate is me. There is no Dao in the Heavens, I shall forge my own Dao. But what is the Dao?”
The bamboo leaves were growing flourishly. A month has passed and Jiang Chen is still standing. He did not sleep for a single month, he was observing the bamboo, the growth of bamboo shoots, and its germination, it was like a baptism of time.
It’s autumn, a cold day. The rain fell, and Jiang Chen who was without divine energy allowed the rain to shower upon his body. Those rain droplets fell upon his body, causing his robe and face to get wet.
Jiang Chen did not have a single shred of divine energy, but he felt grateful for it. This mountain, this rain, this greenery, this bamboo forest, it felt like a seed was planted in his heart, it was nourished by the rain and was growing.
All of this is but a cycle of reincarnation. This rain cleansed Jiang Chen’s soul and mind. Allowing his heart to metamorph.
“Dao is Dao. Mine’s not your average Dao, Dao is natural and one shall attain Dao naturally. One gives birth to Two, Two give birth to Three, Three give birth to myriads. This is Dao.” Jiang Chen murmured.
At this moment, he closed his eyes and both of his hands touched the lotus leaves that were showered by the rain. He could vaguely feel the emotion of the lotus leaves. The wind blows, the rain showers, the sun shines, the sturdiness after getting pounded and grinded a million times, allowing the wind to blow from all directions!
“This is Dao? Why is Heavenly Dao this sorrowful?” Jiang Chen closed his eyes.
He saw the Saint Origin World, saw his past friends and families, he saw the Immortal World, saw his father, saw Yan Chenyu, Wu Ningzhu, Yan Qingcheng, Nangong Wentian, the sky of the boundless Immortal World.
Jiang Chen’s soul went across a myriad of galaxies and worlds. He saw Big Yellow, that fella was teasing a beautiful lady wearing just her undergarments……
He saw Dragon Shisan with fiery eyes, wearing a golden crown, his body bathed in blood. With his peerless golden staff, he fought across the battlefield with his mighty vigour, standing behind him was also a beautiful lady that could choke a person out from their soul with her beauty alone……
He saw Tyrant with the golden alms bowl in his hand, dominating across the world with his pair of iron fist……
He saw Heavenly Dao dying, a pitiful death, everything was but a sacrifice for something greater, the heaven and earth was just a chess board.
Jiang Chen suddenly looked up. At that moment he could not suppress himself and tears dropped from his eyes. His tears were connected to the Heavenly Dao. His gaze was filled with pity and anger towards the Heavenly Dao. At this moment, he knew what he saw was the truth. At least, his friends and family were still okay. At least he did not need to be so hung up on being the most powerful one under the Heavens.
“Is this Dao? Why do I feel like I could see the whole world at this very moment?” Jiang Chen was uncertain, but he too was shocked by himself for his understanding towards Dao.
Jiang Chen’s Dao was slowly carved into his heart for that very month. His Dao was not Heavenly Dao, it’s only similar. His Dao was his guts. His Dao was for the sake of the Heavens and Earth. For the sake of his family and friends, for the sake of standing up against the injustice under the heavens!
Jiang Chen threw away everything. Everything is but emptiness, only one could attain the No Beginning Dao. Everything is emptiness, your heart is empty, but not your Dao.
Jiang Chen waved his palm and everything under the heavens succumbed into his will. This was Dao! His Dao does not need divine energy to become a unique Dao. Now Jiang Chen finally knew why the Lord of the Buddhist City could solve this formation. Because the Dao of Buddhism was the Dao of compassion and good. It was different from the Dao of the others. It was a unique Dao. It was not affected by the formation, hence the No Beginning Formation could not stop the Lord of the Buddhist City.
At this moment, Jiang Chen was filled with questions. In the future, he wished to meet the Lord of the Buddhist City that had created his own Dao for himself, what kind of person was he.
“From now on, my Dao is to surpass the Heavenly Dao!”
Surpassing everything, taking control of the Heavenly Dao!
A light appeared in Jiang Chen’s heart, that light was Dao. It was an illusory thing, but it was something that truly existed. It was his Dao.
Jiang Chen’s lips curved upwards. His Dao had finally become a unique Dao after he lost his divine energy. But his Dao was still weak, it was just a Dao intent, something outside of the Three Worlds, not existing within the five elements.
“This No Beginning Formation, what can it do against me?”
Jiang Chen raised his arm towards the sky and the formation instantly broke. 108,000 formations poured into Jiang Chen’s mind at this instant.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2357 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2358


Chapter 2358
108,000 Formations
The environment changed, the heaven and earth changed. A loud thunder struck and heavy rain poured.
Jiang Chen controlled the Heavenly Dragon Sword, controlled the sun, moon and stars, and drew his blade to block the thunder strike, completely unfazed. The lightning strike was assimilated by the Dawn Sky Golden Lightning. Jiang Chen stood there proudly with vigour, dominating everything under the heavens. Now, at this moment, his gaze could see through the past, his eyes filled with Dao knowledge.
“This… this this this, how can this be?” Young Reverend’s expression drastically changed. It was filled with amazement as he staggered backwards.
He looked at this scene in complete disbelief.
Xue Qianying stood behind Jiang Chen silently. At this moment, his figure felt so great, grand, powerful, and brimming with Dao light. As if he was a divine being that was unparalleled under the heavens.
Jiang Chen closed his eyes. 108,000 formations poured into Jiang Chen’s mind the moment the No Beginning Formation was broken. 108,000 formations were the blood, sweat, and tears of King Ba An, the owner of the No Beginning Formation. A person with the title ‘Formation God’. 108,000 formation formed the most powerful formation in the world, the No Beginning Formation. Only the Dao Intent could break this formation, it was to create your own unique Dao intent.
“From the age of the ancient past, I, Reverend Mu Ling, had lived for several millions of years. Never have I thought that I could witness such a thing. To think there’s a second person other than the Lord of the Buddhist City that could break this No Beginning Formation. Hahaha, truly shocking. Avalokiteśvara, looks like you have already anticipated this. The great challenge of mine, whether I become a Buddha or disappear into nothingness in an instant. This lad will surely make it far.” Reverend Mu Ling’s expression was solemn.
He knew what it meant to break the No Beginning Formation. The No Beginning Formation that has shocked the whole Divine World, the formation that has trapped countless God Emperors, the unbreakable formation. In the end, only one person was able to break through the formation, the Lord of the Buddhist City.
He had tried for a million years without success. He could only endure the torment of time, but to think Jiang Chen’s appearance became his hope. A young lad, who was not even a Heavenly God, had managed to solve this formation that had tormented him for countless years. It was like an unbelievable dream for the Reverend. However, it was a fact, the formation was solved by this young boy.
At this moment, Reverend Mu Ling felt happy, tears fell from his eye due to happiness. The years he spent, the loneliness, the torment of time, who could understand it? Moreover, he was an immortal, he shouldered the trust given by Avalokiteśvara, he cannot simply just die. It was already his limit to not go crazy within the No Beginning Formation.
Reverend Mu Ling slowly kneeled down, and gave the silent Jiang Chen three bows.
This gratitude is the same as giving him a chance to be reborn.
Reverend Mu Ling would not have the chance to say goodbye to Jiang Chen and Xue Qianying because he knew that Jiang Chen was now in an extremely unique state. It would be detrimental for his future cultivation if he was disturbed now.
Reverend Mu Ling’s strength kept on rising as if a part of the divine origin energy of the Hidden Secret Realm were pouring into his body.
“Return, Reverend Mu Ling! Hahaha, I am finally out after a million years!”
The moment Xue Qianying turned back, Reverend Mu Ling was already leaving through the sky.
“Such a terrifying expert. That youth…” Xue Qianying was slightly moved.
She was a little suffocated as she looked at such a powerful person. The most powerful expert she had met was just a Late Heavenly God, lest a Hierarch. Whereby not too long ago, that Hierarch expert was pissed by her, and she even quarrelled with such a person.
Xue Qianying slightly shivered in fear, but luckily that guy wasn’t such a nasty person. Otherwise, she would’ve died right now.
“What is that?” Ren Yuanzi shouted as his expression drastically changed.
Those who were at the entrance of the Hidden Secret Realm suddenly became solemn.
“I don’t know. It looks like a person.” Old Ancestor Di Long was slightly nervous too.
This aura was pretty scary.
“It’s too fast. We can’t see properly.” Xuan Qingming shook his head.
But without a doubt, everyone near the entrance stood in respect. Because such an expert could not be offended and treated lightly.
“Could he be a peerless expert inside the Hidden Secret Realm? Not even my sect’s old ancestor is this powerful.” Jiang Chengzi sighed as he was slightly nervous.
This expert flew out from the Hidden Secret Realm, disregarding the limitation in the place. The whole Ancient Dragon City became excited from this news, countless experts looked up in anticipation, but this powerful figure immediately disappeared into the horizon of the skies.
“I bet it’s a Late Divine King.”
“Late Divine King? Hehe, I think it’s more than that.”
“Right?! It’s been such a long time since the Ancient Dragon City became so lively.”
“I bet there’s a great thing happening in the Hidden Secret Realm.”
Four powerful figures appeared in the sky of the Ancient Dragon City. Each of them wearing an extremely solemn expression as they looked at the source of this commotion, the Twisted Jungle. They had to believe that this figure came out from the Hidden Secret Realm.
“Storm clouds gathered, chilly winds blew. Looks like, this time, the Hidden Secret Realm will cause the Ancient Dragon City to change. ”
This night, the people of the whole Ancient Dragon City were awakened by this powerful figure.
Jiang Chen stood in the bamboo forest alone. But the current bamboo forest was not like the previous Thousand Leaves Purple Bamboo Forest where rain continuously falls. The surroundings of the bamboo forest were in a mess. It reverted back to the devastated, messy Thousand Leaves Purple Bamboo Forest.
At this moment, Xue Qianying thought that the month she had spent inside the No Beginning Formation was the calmest, happiest time she had. At the moment, Jiang Chen was still standing there silently, she dared not disturb him, because he was in a unique state.
The moment the No Beginning Formation was broken, Jiang Chen entered into a state of self-awareness (meditation state). Jiang Chen did not expect that the No Beginning Formation was made up of 108,000 formations. These formations signify a true mystery of formations.
Jiang Chen closed his eyes and looked inside of him—his Dantian, organs and mind were covered with formations.
108,000 formations, a great number, a number that was hard to carve and memorize. Yet Jiang Chen still memorised all those formations. 36,000 Elementary Formations, 36,000 Intermediate Formations, 36,000 Advanced Formations. Each of those formations was somehow connected. Otherwise, these 108,000 formations could not join and form the No Beginning Formation.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2358 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2359


Chapter 2359
Battling Li Zongheng Again
The moment Jiang Chen broke the No Beginning Formation, he inherited the 108,000 formations, which he did not expect. The Dao sense within his heart merged with those formations in just mere moments, the inheritance of the Formation God, the No Beginning Formation… Long has been experts attempting to solve this formation that was only waiting for the fated one to unveil its truth.
Jiang Chen slowly understood that his Dao became unique, his own Dao solved the formation.
Jiang Chen was filled with shock. These formations… just an Elementary Formation needed tens of thousands of Divine Origin Stones to activate it. Whereas those Advanced-Grade Formations needed Primal Origin Treasure as the eye of formation and countless Heavenly Divine Tools and Origin Divine Tools to form a peerless sword formation. Truly… ‘expensive’.
When Jiang Chen formed his Dao sense, the divine origin energy within his body found a balanced boundary point. The dragon marks increased exponentially, he could almost reach the Mid True God Realm.
“Advanced Formation, Ghost Prison Ashura Sword Formation. 1 Primal Origin Treasure, 18 Origin Divine Tools, 108 Heavenly Divine Tools, can kill a Divine Emperor and force a God Emperor to retreat!”
Jiang Chen’s heart waved with emotion. The Ghost Prison Ashura Sword Formation was extremely powerful, and it’s not the only powerful formation within the No Beginning Formation. King Ba An was mad and powerful that he could even trap God Emperors in his formation. He’s indeed stunningly powerful and he wasn’t even a God Emperor himself.
“Even though I do not have that many Origin and Heavenly Divine Tools in hand. But I have quite an amount of divine tools. With the Heavenly Dragon Sword as the core and those divine tools as support. I wonder how powerful this sword formation will be?”
Jiang Chen even felt somewhat eager.
He had understood the formations. He managed to gain the inheritance of the Formation God by fate through the No Beginning Formation. Deep down, he was extremely excited. This formation shall become one of his trump cards. He may not be proficient in formations but he will certainly make this formation shine after gaining the inheritance.
“Thank you.” Jiang Chen slowly opened up his eyes and looked at Xue Qianying.
“You do not need to thank me. I should be the one thanking you. If it weren’t for you breaking the No Beginning Formation, that place may perhaps be our home forever.” Xue Qianying blushed after saying those words.
Those words had an ambiguous meaning behind it, and she became silent right after saying it.
“Isn’t that a helpless choice? If that really came true, perhaps I will not be unhappy, but I’m still unwilling to accept it.” Jiang Chen said.
Xue Qianying did not reply. The moment when Jiang Chen saw everything from the Three Worlds and Six Daos, she too saw great affection in Jiang Chen’s eyes. He shouldered too many things on his back, his brothers, his relationships.
Perhaps I should not put too much pressure on him, I may be the only one not unhappy in that No Beginning Formation forever.
Perhaps that place could lock his physical body away, but not his heart.
Xue Qianying left without saying anything while Jiang Chen was busy forging divine tools in the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda.
Jiang Chen took the Meteor Hammer and Storm Hammer out and started forging them. 108 divine tools was not a small task. He used the meteor stone he got from Mount Qi Ling to forge them, it was suitable for the task.
Time slowly passed by, Jiang Chen worked hard for three whole months. The 108 divine swords were forged under the Five Elemental True Fire and Myriad Qi Cauldron. Jiang Chen held onto those blades, slightly moved as he caressed them, these blades were at Peak Divine Tool Grade.
However, it was still far from the Heavenly Divine Tool Grade, yet they were still powerful enough. Plus, the quality of the meteor stones was great. If Jiang Chen was powerful enough, he could even forge a heavenly divine tool, but the number of meteor stones he had was only enough for him to forge 108 peak divine tools. Nonetheless, when these blades were incorporated with the Heavenly Dragon Sword and Ashura Formation, it will be devastatingly powerful.
Jiang Chen held those divine blades while wielding the confidence to face every adversity the heavens had to offer.
Three months have passed within the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda. Wherein only three days have passed on the outside world. When Jiang Chen came out from the pagoda, he once again saw Li Zongheng.
“Looks like… you’ve finally appeared.” Li Zongheng said quietly.
His hair was a little messy, his gaze was cold, but he still had that arrogant and dominating air around him.
“So what?” Jiang Chen looked straight into Li Zongheng’s eyes and said coldly.
“Even though you saved me, the score between us must still be settled. You’re also doing it to save yourself, but I have to give it to you, solving the legendary No Beginning Formation, truly remarkable.
“Especially me, Li Zongheng. I am not an unreasonable person. Hand over all your treasures and perhaps I may let you go. Since you’re considered to be half my benefactor. Hehehe. ” Li Zongheng smiled as he looked at Jiang Chen filled with interest.
This fella’s treasures are too tempting. I have to do this. Otherwise, it’ll be bad if all of these were to fall into the hands of those three guys from Clear Stream Sect.
“You’re a pretty good guy. But it’s a pity that I, Jiang Chen, will never do such a thing. You want to let me go? Sorry, but I never thought of letting you go.” Jiang Chen’s voice became cold, his gaze was like a blade as he looked straight at Li Zongheng.
“Choosing the hard path? I cannot do anything against you within the formation. But now, I can easily kill you like taking candy from a baby. You won’t be able to get away from me. Since you wanted to meet Hades yourself, I shall make it easier for you. This shall be me, returning the favour from before.” Li Zongheng stepped forward, filled with vigour. His dominating qi poured straight towards his opponent.
Jiang Chen’s gaze became extremely solemn. This fella is definitely not simple, I haven’t fought a full battle with this guy. Let’s duke it out today. Otherwise, I will be endlessly pursued by this guy.
“Come. Enough talking. You can obtain what you want from me if you can kill me.” Jiang Chen said.
“I plan to. There’s no need to slaughter a child with a sword. Prepare to die, Jiang Chen. You deserved this, I may have ended my life if it weren’t for you. Because I cannot withstand that loneliness and helplessness. But when I was in my darkest time, you gave me hope. Now, feel my despair. Nobody shall stand in my path, including the heavens. ” Li Zongheng wielded his battle halberd with force and vigour as he charged towards Jiang Chen with intense killing intent!
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2359 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2360


Chapter 2360
Ten-Thousand Soul Devouring Ghosts
Jiang Chen and Li Zongheng faced each other. The former immediately used Dragon Transformation to face the latter’s charge. Jiang Chen’s Heavenly Dragon Sword clashed with Li Zongheng’s battle halberd, making sparks in the process. Li Zongheng’s attacks were lethal, not allowing Jiang Chen any room for a breather because he needed to get Jiang Chen’s treasures as soon as possible and not be worried about meeting the Three Great Guardians of the Clear Stream Sect.
“Your doomsday is near.” Li Zongheng attacked with his halberd.
However, after unleashing both the Great Divination Art and Great Void Technique, Jiang Chen continuously evaded his opponent. Not even the Half-Step Heavenly God Li Zongheng could end Jiang Chen in a short span of time. Both the Great Divination Art and Great Void Technique was a supreme technique, the preemptive advantage was taken by Jiang Chen. Li Zongheng could not exert his superiority in battle.
However, Li Zongheng was still a Half-Step Heavenly God expert, Jiang Chen must look for an opportunity with every move he made, utilizing the Great Void Technique.
Jiang Chen’s blade and Li Zongheng’s halberd clashed against one another numerous times. None of them were able to gain the upper hand but Jiang Chen’s Great Void Technique enabled him to continuously evade Li Zongheng. Plus, Li Zongheng was also pulled into the No Beginning Formation due to Jiang Chen’s technique as he was running away.
Jiang Chen kept changing his position by using the Great Void Technique and kept pressuring his enemy with lethal attacks. Li Zongheng was slowly being forced into a disadvantageous position as he couldn’t catch Jiang Chen.
“You do not have what it takes to kill me.” Jiang Chen sneered.
The sword intent of solitude wrecked the supreme heavens, cutting apart the clouds and falling towards its enemy with unstoppable might. Li Zongheng attacked continuously with his halberd, yet he was still pushed back by Jiang Chen’s sword intent.
“Twelve Fire God Guards!” Jiang Chen shouted.
The Twelve Fire God Guards instantly surrounded Li Zongheng. Their cultivation has already reached the Peak Mid True God Realm. These puppets would continue to grow stronger with the Five Elemental True Fire nourishing them, they were even stronger than Jiang Chen.
Li Zongheng became slightly solemn when he saw those twelve Fire God Guards. Jiang Chen is already going toe-to-toe against me, and with these puppets assisting him… looks like I have to get serious, otherwise, I won’t be able to end this battle quickly.
“Heaven Breaching Creator’s Palm!” Li Zongheng unleashed three consecutive palm strikes.
Jiang Chen blocked it with his blade and was forced a hundred meters back. Li Zhongheng’s palm strikes were not enough to defeat Jiang Chen because the Profound Heavenly Armour could defend against such powerful attacks.
“These flame puppets trying to fight against me? Dream on!” Li Zongheng sneered as he completely looked down upon the twelve Fire God Guards.
“You will never know unless you tried it.” Jiang Chen said indifferently.
The twelve Fire God Guards attacked in unison, causing the Half-Step Heavenly God Li Zongheng to slightly panic. He, who originally looked down on Jiang Chen, was now getting serious. He finally knew that he had been wrong about his enemy. The strength of those puppets was on par with him, and Jiang Chen was using his technique to run across the field to seek opportunities to deal a lethal strike.
“Damned bastard.” Li Zongheng gritted his teeth as he felt extremely depressed.
He was pushed into a corner by those puppets without being able to retaliate. Finally, Jiang Chen started his retaliation.
“True Dragon Palm!”
Jiang Chen unleashed a seal and his enemy quickly retreated after dealing against the twelve puppets.
“Five Elements Combat Dragon Seal!”
“Three Thousand Flames Dragon Seal!”
Jiang Chen was observing the battle with killing intent. Li Zongheng will surely kill him if he’s not eliminated now. A fierce battle of life-and-death was underway.
Li Zongheng was forced to evade against such powerful attacks directed upon him. However, he was still struck by the Three Thousand Flames Dragon Seal. He was engulfed by the fire dragon and the attacks from the flame puppets. He could not retaliate.
“You are forcing me! I had this prepared for Xuanyuan Canglan but now you have thoroughly angered me.” Li Zongheng looked up with his weapon, he was filled with anger, and killing intent.
“Horned Dragon Battle Halberd, unparalleled under the heavens, life-and-death, Ten-Thousand Soul Devouring Ghosts!”
Li Zongheng’s Horned Dragon Battle Halberd exploded with strength and energy. The Ten-Thousand Soul Devouring Ghosts was powerful. Thousands of ghosts roared and shrieked with an ear-piercing voice that could shake a person’s soul. Those ghosts charged towards Jiang Chen like animals while shouting, screaming, roaring… Jiang Chen’s expression slightly changed.
“Not even a Half-Step Heavenly God could stand against my Ten-Thousand Soul Devouring Ghosts head-on. My Horned Dragon Battle Halberd has drunk the blood of thousands of lives, each one of them became ghosts under my control, becoming a member of the Ten-Thousand Soul Devouring Ghosts. Let me see how long you can last. They will shred your soul into pieces. Hahaha.”
Li Zongheng laughed proudly. Not even Xuanyuan Canglan could stop the Ten-Thousand Soul Devouring Ghosts, lest Jiang Chen. Plus, this Ten-Thousand Soul Devouring Ghosts is impenetrable, it’ll devour Jiang Chen’s soul once there’s an opening.
The Horned Dragon Battle Halberd attacked continuously but the flame puppets were unfazed as they were soulless bodies. However, the Ten-Thousand Soul Devouring Ghosts was ravaging towards Jiang Chen as its main target.
“Truly a prodigy of the Ghost Eye Sect. But it’s a pity that your opponent is me.” Jiang Chen was completely unfazed by the Ten-Thousand Soul Devouring Ghosts, not even retreating as he faced the technique head-on.
“You really think you’re some hot shit, huh? Not even you can withstand against my Ten-Thousand Soul Devouring Ghosts. Devour him, shred his soul into pieces!” Li Zongheng’s eyes were filled with killing intent as he looked at Jiang Chen with hatred.
This fella has caused me so much trouble for so long and yet he keeps on living. This has been a waste of time, even though he saved me… At this moment, Li Zongheng only had slaughter, and murderous intent in his eyes, he wanted Jiang Chen dead, and only then could he reach the peak, to win against Xuanyuan Canglan. If a mere Early True God could stand against his path, how could Li Zongheng face his elders back in the Ghost Eye Sect?
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2360 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2361


Formation Versus Formation
“Your Ten-Thousand Soul Devouring Ghosts are going to submit to me as well.”
Jiang Chen wielded the Divine Burying Flag, spinning around the universe. Winds were howling and rolling fiercely that caused birds to weep and plants to shake.
The Ten-Thousand Soul Devouring Ghosts had become slower at this moment as the mightiness of the Divine Burying Flag was displayed fully by Jiang Chen. Although all the ghosts were spread across in every direction, all of them were still devoured into Divine Burying Flag. Countless fierce ghosts shouted at the top of their lungs and lost their strength. Under the Divine Burying Flag, the Ten-Thousand Soul Devouring Ghosts had become ‘Thousand Howling Ghosts’ and ‘Thousand Escaping Ghosts’.
“No, no, oh no! It’s impossible. The Divine Burying Flag, why do you have the Divine Burying Flag? Even my Sect Lord only has a broken Divine Burying Fire.”
Li Zhongheng’s countenance fell. Others might not recognize the Divine Burying Fire, but people from the Ghost Eye Sect were very familiar with it. The mightiness of the Divine Burying Flag was that it could turn all of those ferocious ghosts into void and edify the evil air. The Divine Burying Flag was inherited from the ancient period and it was very rare in the Divine World. Although it was only a Heavenly Divine Tool, even an Origin Divine Tool might not be as valuable as the Divine Burying Flag.
Li Zhongheng was terribly shocked. Jiang Chen had so many treasures in his person. Li Zhongheng could not get over the Divine Burying Flag because if he could obtain it, his strength would definitely advanced to another higher realm.
The Ten-Thousand Soul Devouring Ghosts had now become the ‘Thousand Escaping Ghosts’. Li Zhongheng was terrified after his most powerful strike became the biggest joke in front of Jiang Chen. Even though he was Li Zhongheng, he still needed to withdraw himself in front of the mightiness of the Divine Burying Flag. Nothing was scary if Jiang Chen did not take any action, however, once he took action, it was astonishing.
“Divine Burying Flag, I must get that Divine Burying Flag!”
Li Zhongheng looked at the Divine Burying Flag in Jiang Chen’s hand. His eyes looked ferocious and full of envy. He was like an evil lich who saw a beauty and wanted to get her. One could already imagine how tempting the Divine Burying Flag was to him.
“Let’s see if you can still laugh.”
Jiang Chen swept across in all directions with his Divine Burying Flag. Gloomy winds that contained the strength of the hurricane stirred up. Li Zhongheng could only give up attacking Jiang Chen and started defending himself. He didn’t have a chance anymore to attack Jiang Chen. Meanwhile the twelve Fire God Guards were blocking his only way of retreat. At this moment, Li Zhongheng had already lost all of his escape route.
“Ghost Eye Juro Formation!”
Li Zhongheng’s eyes looked ruthless. Right now, he could only cast out his trump card to defeat Jiang Chen. Li Zhongheng was not slow at his movement. Being the most formidable genius of Ghost Eye Sect and a formation master who could lead an apprentice, he thought that it would not be a big deal to fight with Jiang Chen.
The Ghost Eye Juro Formation besieged Jiang Chen with sixteen phantoms in all directions. Jiang Chen was left with no way out and his facial expression changed. He was going to withdraw himself as a way of attacking. Since Li Zhongheng wanted to use this formation to overcome him, he was going to try whose formation was more superior.
“I wonder what kind of effect it would create if I set the formation on the twelve Fire God Guards.”
Jiang Chen came up with the idea suddenly. However, a formation that involved twelve puppets was not simple. Right now, Jiang Chen could only set up a basic formation like the Little Ashura Sword Formation which was the scale-down version of the Ghost Prison Ashura Sword Formation. If he was going to control so many Origin Divine Tools and Heavenly Divine Tools, he would be exhausted and the formation would not be set up well. As a consequence, he might be setting himself to failure.
“Surging Wave Earthly Formation, let’s set it!”
Under Jiang Chen’s control, he assigned the Surging Waves to each of the Fire God Guard, then the formation was set up. It became a huge killing formation of twelve Fire God Guards.
“I never expected that you knew how to set a formation as well. Oh well. If you don’t know how to set a formation, how could you break the No beginning Formation. But I guess you were able to due to luck.”
Li Zhongheng mocked Jiang Chen. However, he would know that his formation was actually inferior when it confronted Jiang Chen’s Surging Wave Earthly Formation. Moreover, Jiang Chen had set the formation on the twelve Fire God Guards. The twelve Fire God Guards had already made Li Zhongheng very embarrassed in the battle earlier. Now, they even carried the Surging Wave Earthly Formation. A second later, Li Zhongheng finally felt that he could not withstand it and he even felt that the real crisis was here.
The formation of the twelve Fire God Guards was quite terrifying, and they were actually quite skillful. Jiang Chen had instilled the formation into the body of the twelve Fire God Guards. At this moment, they immediately manage to master the formation well. Although they were all puppets, they have the spirit of a puppet with slight intelligence. Even though they could not think independently, they were able to master the formation which was set up by Jiang Chen.
“Bastard! Why did they become so powerful now? Is it because of the formation? Does he really have the talent of setting formations as well?”
Before Li Zhongheng could finish his words, he had already been repulsed by Jiang Chen’s twelve Fire God Guards. He had a headache from such a dreadful formation. The Ghost Eye Juro Formation completely lost its strength after dealing with the Surging Wave Earthly Formation. A few minutes later, it was completely broken.
Li Zhongheng was hit hard. At this moment, his face was as red as a pig’s liver. Being defeated by Jiang Chen, he kept taking steps backwards. His eyes displayed his unwillingness but he could not do anything as things had already developed into this situation. It was difficult for him to continue fighting Jiang Chen who had managed to use the formation of Twelve Fire God Guards to defeat him easily.
It was out of Jiang Chen’s expectation as well. The power of the Surging Wave Earthly Formation was quite formidable under the combination with the Fire God Guards. Their strength was able to overcome someone who was at the half-step Heavenly God Realm. Moreover, the Surging Wave Earthly Formation was not the only formation that suited the Fire God Guards.
“I am afraid that it’s not so easy for you to run away.”
Jiang Chen sneered. He took up the Heavenly Dragon sword and started chasing Li Zhongheng.
“I will be back. Jiang Chen, this debt will be paid!”
Li Zhongheng’s voice was full of unwillingness. Jiang Chen casted the Great Void Technique to chase Li Zhongheng, but in the end Li Zhongheng still managed to get away successfully. When Jiang Chen made a blow with his sword, it only hit Li Zhongheng’s clothes and there was no blood spilled. Li Zhongheng managed to run away using some kind of secret technique.
“Next time, you won’t be this lucky anymore.”
Jiang Chen looked at the sky and said faintly.
…………
“The spiritual spring water of the Earthly Hades Sacred Mountain is indeed an excellent thing. It can help revive people who died and heal the living people. Shall we go and open our eyes?”
Yang Jian said seriously.
“Yes, we shall open our eyes. Unfortunately, we don’t know where Jiang Chen is right now. Otherwise, it would be great if he’s with us in the  Earthly Hades Sacred Mountain.”
Pan Hong said in a low voice.
“Look! Are they Liu Quanchao and Zhang Lei?”
Pan Hong was surprised and thrilled. Looking over from where they were standing , he saw Liu Quanchao, Zhanglei, Ling Long and another ten people walking towards them.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2361 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2362


Chapter 2362 Brothers of Wu Family
“It’s great. Senior Brother Liu, Senior Brother Zhang, we finally found a group with us,” Pan Hong excitedly said.
Since their strength was quite weak, it could already be considered finding their backbone upon seeing Liu Quanchao, Zhang Lei and the others. On the journey, there had been so many people that had passed away. Everyone was actually very stressed. Pan Hong felt the same as he kept seeing people of Profound Feng Sect dying one by one without any sign beforehand. When they came into Hidden Secret Ream, they had already known that they would face death anytime. The number of the people who had died had already surpassed the number of people who were still alive.
No matter if you were a genius of the sect or the son of the Sect Lord, entering the Hidden Secret Realm was like entering the gates of hell to everyone. If you wanted to stay alive and not be defeated, you had to become stronger and stronger and kept killing others.
Pan Hong, Yang Jian and the others knew that their strength was only average. The reason they were still alive was all because of luck. Let alone the first three major sects, Liu Quanchao and Zhang Lei were already incomparably formidable in their eyes. It was impossible for Pan Hong and Yang Jian to withstand them. If they met opponents like them, they would be defeated effortlessly.
No one would be  happy to be a burden for others, but Pan Hong and the others knew that if they did not ally themselves with the others, they would surely die soon. This was a world that was justified by the law of Jungle. In order to save them, Jiang Chen had risked himself and now they did not even know if he was still alive. Of course, they were anxious and guilty because of it.
The arrival of Liu Quanchao and Zhang Lei undeniably boosted their confidence. Liu Quanchao and the others actually felt the same as they were all from the four major sects. Liu Quanchao and Zhang Lei even bore the heavy responsibility to protect the other. If they could help Pan Hong and Yang Jian, they were very willing to do so with all of their effort.
“What happened before was really our fault. That time, our souls were controlled by Li Yan of Ghost Eye Sect. That was why we did something bad. All of you seniors, please forgive us. I, Yang Jian, give you a bow of apology.”
After Yang Jian said that, he bowed in a solemn manner.
Liu Chaoquan smiled bitterly and said, “Ghost Eye Sect, Li Yan was indeed a formidable guy. Nevermind, since you guys were unaware of it. Stand up. I never thought of what had happened would become so dramatic.”
Pan Hong and Leng Lingyi felt ashamed as well but Zhang Lei and the others did not continue saying anything.
“Where’s Jiang Chen? How am I going to trust you guys?” Ling Long said coldly.
Apparently, she was still very angry about what had happened.
“We were indeed controlled by Li Yan that time. In order to save us, Jiang Chen’s life is still at stake now. Haih.”
After listening to Yang Jian’s words, everyone was stunned.
“What? His life is now at stake?”
Man Shuai’s countenance fell.
“I think Jiang Chen would definitely be able to turn the crisis around. Although his cultivation is not the strongest, no one is actually able to defeat him. At least, I haven’t seen anyone that was able to defeat him before.”
Liu Quanchao thought for a while and said firmly.
“Hope so.”
Zhang Lei said in a low voice.
Liu Chaoquan gave Yang Jian and look at the others and asked, “Only the three of you are alive?”
“Leng Lingyi, Divine Spear Sect.” Leng Lingyi said.
It was his great pleasure to be able to join with Liu Chaoquan and the others. The more people, the greater their strength was. Otherwise, it was just a dream for the three of them to stand alone in the Hidden Secret Realm.
“Leng Lingyi of Divine Spear Sect, I have heard of you before. Nice to meet you.”
Zhang Lei said with a faint smile.
“Are you guys also going to the Earthly Hades Sacred Mountain?” Pan Hong asked.
“You’re right. You too? What a coincidence.”
Jiang Hao said while looking at the yellow mountain from afar. He nodded and showed a solemn face.
Yang Jian nodded and said, “I am afraid that it is not that easy to get the spiritual spring water of the Earthly Hades Sacred Mountain. I guess there are many beasts aiming at it now that might be of Heavenly God Realm.”
“How do you know?”
“The Earthly Hades Sacred Mountain is a place full of devil monsters and beasts. We were chased by the Infernal Evil Dragon from that side last time. We almost died but luckily we were able to survive that. We even encountered a dreadful Divine Pangolin which is also a Heavenly God Realm beast. It’s said that those two beasts have the spiritual spring waters with them from the Earthly Hades Sacred Mountain. This means both of the beasts came from the mountains and there would be other beasts coming to that mountain as well.”
Yang Jian said with a gloomy face. At this moment, their hope became slimmer as the Heavenly God Realm beasts were so formidable. If the Infernal Evil Dragon was not injured, they would not be able to escape it although they did not rely on their own strength to escape. That was why Yang Jian and the others knew so much about the Infernal Evil Dragon and other beasts of Heavenly God Realm.
“According to what you have said, does that mean that we have just wasted our effort in coming here? We might not be able to get the spiritual spring water, and might even lose our life.” Zhang Lei said.
He was actually very concerned about those beasts of Heavenly God Realm. If those beasts appeared, they might not be enough for the beasts to fill their stomach.
“It’s hard to say. We can continue to make more friends with other formidable cultivators and form an alliance with them. If we manage to do that, we might still be able to win against those Heavenly God Realm beasts.” Leng Lingyi proposed.
“That’s right. We can befriend more cultivators, then we will stand stronger and won’t be easily killed by those beasts. Only the true experts can stand proudly and neglect those beasts.” Liu Chao said seriously.
“Well said. You’re indeed an expert of Heavenly Star Sect. Count me in. I am  Wu Qianxun from the Wuyi Sect. This is my brother, Wu Tinghou.”
A cheerful green-clothed man laughed loudly and slowly walked towards them. No one on the scene had actually noticed them. They were all stunned for a moment. Liu Quanchao nodded silently.
“Liu Quanchao of Heavenly Star Sect. Nice to meet you.”
“Senior Liu is the popular guy whom everyone knows. It’s my pleasure to meet you today. It might be a great thing for us to make an alliance. Haha. For hundreds and thousands of years, I have never heard that any human cultivators obtained the spiritual spring water from the Earthly Hades Sacred Mountain.
Wu Tinghou who was dressed in blue clothes said solemnly. He was nine feet tall and his face was bright like jade.
Zhang Lei smiled and said, “You’re right. I am afraid that it has already been more than a hundred thousand years. No one has ever heard that spiritual spring water existed in the Ancient Dragon City before.”
“Let’s make an alliance to fight those monsters and beasts together. Once we succeed, our reputation will definitely spread across the entire Linhe Boundary and Ancient Dragon City.”
Wu Qianxun was very optimistic while also very confident. The Wu brothers’ strength was quite formidable and each of them was not weaker than Liu Quanchao.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2362 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2363


You’re Incompetent as you are Incapable of Achieving Anything
“A group of outstanding cultivators. Hahaha. Unexpectedly, it’s so lively here.”
A charming young man holding a fan was walking slowly towards them.
“One Word Feng Yun Hall, Yang Mingcheng!”
Liu Quanchao said in a deep voice.
“It’s said that this guy has always been hiding his strength. He wants to amaze everyone after he entered the Hidden Secret Realm. He has overcome all the obstacles and slayed all the enemies. He has a vigorous spirit and he’s a genius disciple of One Word Feng Yun Hall. His cultivation realm has already reached the half-step Heavenly God Realm. He is not any weaker than the experts of the three major sects.” Wu Houting said softly.
This information was what he heard from others. However, the news should be true, otherwise, why would Yang Mingcheng be so arrogant and conceited?
Yang Mingcheng looked at everyone contemptuously and said faintly, “I nominate myself as the leader , what do you think?”
“We can’t afford to pay Brother Yang, it’s a heavy burden.”
Wu Qianxun sneered.
“Don’t you guys welcome me? One Word Feng Yun Hall used to be one of the ten major sects a thousand years ago. Unexpectedly, it was underestimated and ignored by you guys, a bunch of ignorant people. Today, I am going to represent One Word Feng Yun Hall to give you guys advice. For those people who’ll follow me, I will make them flourish. As for those people who go against me, I am going to put them six feet under. Whoever tries to stop me will not have a good ending.”
“I, from Wuyi Sect, am not afraid of you at all. I guess none of us here is willing to rely on others as well. I think it’s better for you to look for other places.”
Wu Qianxun said coldly, giving no face to Yang Mingcheng at all. Indeed, everyone was gathered here today, so they might not be afraid of this half-step Heavenly God.
“Interesting, quite interesting, would you guys like to start a fight?”
Yang Mingcheng squinted his eyes, releasing his imposing bearing of half-step Heavenly God was released magnificently and it was terrifying.
“It’s more and more lively here. Seems like I am not too late. Haha.”
A bright laughter echoed between the void and a black figure stood out.
“Xu Jin from Overlord Sect!”
Liu Quanchao said in a deep voice. Xu Jin’s cultivation realm had also reached the half-step Heavenly God Realm. Suddenly, there were a few Heavenly God Realm experts on the scene.
He sneered and said, “Haven’t seen you in a long time, Liu Quanchao. I can’t believe that you’re still a Late True God. Sometimes, if you want to hide your strength, you have to see who your opponent is first.”
Apparently, Xu Jin understood Liu Quanchao very well.
“Why would you say that? How could we dare to offend Brother Xu? Hahaha. Half-step Heavenly God Realm. Seems like your strength has become stronger over time, and I am the only one who is still behind.”
Liu Quanchao smiled and shook his head.
“Humph. Pretentious. Where’s Jiang Chen?”
Xu Jin shouted loudly and aggressively.
“What happened? Has Jiang Chen offended Brother Xu?”
“Bullsh*t! He has killed my junior Zhu Mingyang. I am going to get revenge for him today.”
Xu Jin was outraged and his imposing manner was oppressive.
“Jiang Chen is not here. Your brother indeed died in Jiang Chen’s hand, I am afraid that was because he was weak. He has no competence so he died. So he could only let his senior help him to take revenge. Such rubbish. Even if he was not killed by Jiang Chen, I guess he would not live long in this place.”
Liu Quanchao smiled while Xu Jin’s countenance fell.
“You’re courting death. I am going to see how long you’re going to pretend.”
Xu Jin took a step forward, unleashing his oppressive aura and made a strike against Liu Quanchao. His dreadful momentum swept across the sky, whereas, Liu Quanchao remained calm and as steady as a mountain. He resisted Xu Jin with his palm, both of them were stuck by the attack and they both took three steps backwards. Everyone was startled, including Zhang Lei and Yang Jian.
“Brother Liu indeed has hidden his true strength. No wonder he was so firm just now and was not afraid.”
Zhang Lei said while showing a complex facial expression. This undeniably increased their safety, however, they could not feel happy at this moment.
“Brother Liu has also reached the half-step Heavenly God Realm. Congratulations.”
“Yea, at least we are somehow secured now.”
“Indeed. We are not as capable as them. Haah. If we are as strong as Brother Liu, who would dare to challenge us”
Xu Jin squinted his eyes and stared at Liu Quanchao and said faintly:
“Exactly as I said. You won’t be that weak. However, I will still definitely kill Jiang Chen. I will not forgive whoever that tries to stop me.”
“Anytime. Jiang Chen has made a great contribution to Heavenly, Earthly, Profound, and Yellow Sect. If you want to kill Jiang Chen, you should ask them if they allow it.”
Liu Quanchao was calm and was without fear. Right now, Yang Mingcheng and the Wu brothers dared not to underestimate Liu Quanchao anymore. Half-step Heavenly God Realm was the highest realm amongst them at the moment. The highest realm of all of the experts from the Clear Stream Sect, Ghost Eye Sect or even Divine Pill Sect were also only half-step Heavenly Gods. However, the people from these three major sects did not appear here.
“Humph. You better take care of yourself. Not everyone can come to the Earthly Hades Sacred Mountain. It’s said that Ancient Dragon City has never obtained any spiritual spring water from the Earthly Hades Sacred Mountain ever since hundreds of thousands of years ago. This meant that all the people who have been here in the past were buried here. You guys are too weak, but you want to obtain something from there? Hehe. I am looking forward to what is going to happen.” Xu Jin said.
Although Liu Quanchao’s strength had reached the half-step Heavenly God Realm, the people who stood behind him actually had a very weak cultivation realm. Without a Heavenly God, they would only be  courting death by entering the Earthly Hades Sacred Mountain. In the Earthly Hades Sacred Mountain, there were not only beasts of Heavenly God Realm but it was also full of danger. Some people had died even before reaching the spring.
Liu Quanchao sneered and said, “You don’t need to worry about this.”
“Brother Xu, how about we join hands together? We definitely can achieve something big.”
Yang Mingcheng looked at Xu Jin and invited him. It was quite unrealistic to enter a very dangerous place alone. Although he might not be able to find an ally who could go through everything together, at least he can face lesser trouble in the future.
“I have this intention as well. Some people are just courting death by going through the trap themselves. Let’s see. I have been longing for the spiritual spring water of Earthly Hades Sacred Mountain.”
Xu Jin and Yang Mingcheng hit it off and burst into laughter. They then entered the Earthly Hades Sacred Mountain together.
“Brother Liu, we are going to see you as our leader. Even though we might not be able to get the spiritual spring water, we will not regret it. We see this as experience and of course those with greater capability will get the treasures.”
Wu Tinghou said solemnly. Liu Quanchao was thrilled. As long as the brothers did not have any opinion, they would definitely enter the mountain and figure out what’s inside. The people there were not afraid of death, but they were more worried about living a mediocre life.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2363 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2364


Chapter 2364
Battle For The Spiritual Spring
“Alright.”
Liu Quanchao agreed, and then the brother of Wu Family smiled as well. If everyone can be united and make an alliance, it would be much better than having one more enemy. However, one could not underestimate Yang Mingcheng and Xu Jin’s strength. Even though they had more people in their team, they might not be able to hold the upper hand when fighting against Yang Mingcheng and Xu Jin.
“According to what we know, there are always only nine set of the spiritual spring water condensed out from the spring in the Sacred Mountain. Only the beasts of the Heavenly God realm are qualified to obtain these spiritual water. Meanwhile, there are many beasts that are Heavenly God Realm in the Hidden Secret Realm. The battle of the spiritual water is not limited among the human cultivators only, I guess beasts would also be involved. By that time, our situation will be even more dangerous as the competition will be like the tigers competing for their prey. We must be extremely careful.” Wu Qianxun said.
Apparently, he was well-aware of the situation of the Earthly Hades Sacred Mountain. When he said that, he did not intend to discourage anyone present. It was merely because the Sacred Mountain was full of danger. Once the beasts of Heavenly God realm started a battle to fight for the spiritual spring, ordinary people would not be able to withstand it.
Yang Jian nodded and said, “Seems like our situation will be even more dangerous this time.”
“If you want to get more, you have to go through more danger. Otherwise, why are we here? Are we going to be cowards?”
Leng Lingyi smiled. He looked fearless as he was the only one of Divine Spear Sect who was still alive.
“That’s right. It’s necessary to experience danger. How would it be possible to go through everything safely in this place? Experts normally experience growth not in comfort but through hardship. Who is going to win at the end? It depends on luck and strength,” Zhang Lei added.
“Nothing we can worry about anymore. We must enter the Earthly Hades Sacred Mountain. Hahaha!”
Liu Quanchao laughed out loud. He and the Wu brothers took the initiative and walked first towards their destination. Of course, no one knew what was awaiting them inside. It could be dreadful beasts or natural disasters.
Earthly Hades Sacred Mountain was full of yellow soil and towering hills.
There was only one kind of plant existing in the Earthly Hades Sacred Mountain. It was the Wan Nian Song*. There was no other grass, only the Wan Nian Song which covered the entire mountain’s yellow soil. Owing to the unusually cold temperature in the Earthly Hades Sacred Mountain, only the Wan Nian Song, which had a very low living requirement, could survive in such a harsh and critical climate.
Everyone felt the coldness but they did not know where the coldness came from and how many of them could bear such coldness. Perhaps because of the low temperature of the Sacred Mountain, more than twenty Heavenly God realm beasts were gathering at the Nine Dragon Cave. It was crowded and lively!
The beasts’ battle strength would be able to sweep across the entire Hidden Secret Realm. They never expected that the spiritual spring water of the Earthly Hades Sacred Mountain was this tempting to so many people and even beasts. It attracted almost all of the Heavenly God realm beasts in the Hidden Secret Realm. Yang Ming and Xu Jin were quite dumbfounded by the scene.
In the Nine Dragon Cave, only one beast was allowed to sit on each of the caves. And each of them could only get a small amount of the spiritual spring water. However, there were more than twenty Heavenly God Realm beasts gathering here right now. The outbreak of battle was inevitable.
More than twenty Heavenly God Realm beasts grouped themselves separately and invaded the entire Nine Dragon Cave where they could obtain the spiritual spring water directly.
Each of the beasts was not willing to let go of the chance because the spiritual spring water could strengthen and provide essence to their body. In this barren Hidden Secret Realm, the water was something that made them aroused in interest.
Taking the role of leader, a gigantic beast who had one horn on its head looked at all of the Heavenly God Realm beasts and said faintly:
“I, the Single-horned Spirit Rhinoceros, am going to say something fair today. Of course, only those with great capability deserve the good thing. Whoever can stand on the Dragon Cave can get the spiritual spring water. I won’t have any opinion if you want to come to challenge me as long as you’re powerful enough. What do you think? Old Pangolin?”
The Single-horned Spirit Rhinoceros gave the Divine Pangolin a glance.
The Divine Pangolin was like a motionless mountain lying there. It opened its eyes slowly and said in a deep voice:
“I am going to have two set of spiritual spring water this year.”
There was an uproar among the beasts and even the Single-horned Spirit Rhinoceros was stunned for a while.
“Old Pangolin, what do you mean?”
“Infernal Evil Dragon said that he would give me his. If you have any opinion, you can tell him. Anyway, I am going to get his part,” Divine Pangolin said firmly.
“Our leader is not here yet. Are you going to take over his place?”
The Single-horned Spirit Rhinoceros sneered.
“Of course, I don’t have the competence to take over our leader’s place. But Single-horned Spirit Rhinoceros, you are not qualified for the second place as well,” Old Pangolin said faintly.
All of the beasts had become extremely brutal and ferocious in order to get the spiritual spring water. Having a battle was necessary. No one dared to fight for the first place because their leader’s strength was indeed too formidable. Over a hundred thousand years, no one dared to challenge his mightiness. The Divine Pangolin and Single-horned Spirit Rhinoceros were always intolerant to each other because they had the same cultivation—Early Heavenly God Realm. Other beasts were only at the Early Heavenly God Realm so they would not be able to defeat them.
“Infernal Evil Dragon was only lucky last time to get one of the places. Does he really think that he could take the first place as well this year? Or do you think that you are more powerful than our leader this time?” the Single-horned Spirit Rhinoceros said.
“I didn’t say so. But don’t blame me if anyone wants to fight with me,” the Divine Pangolin said without hesitation.
In this case, four sets of the spiritual spring water had been taken. There were five sets remaining and about twenty beasts were eyeing them as if the waters were their prey.
“Old Pangolin, when I was threatened by others at your place and could not leave, you didn’t give me a hand to help me. Right now, you want to take away my spiritual spring water. Forget about it!”
A shout resounded in the void as the Infernal Evil Dragon stepped in with overbearing dominance.
*Wan Nian Song is a kind of chinese herb normally only grown on the high mountains.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2364 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2365


Chapter 2365
Going Back on Your Words
“Hehe, I am afraid that you won’t get two set of the spiritual spring water this time. Infernal Evil Dragon doesn’t seem to be showing you any face.”
The Single-horned Spirit Rhinoceros said. The Divine Pangolin was outraged.
“You’re going back on your words?!”
Divine Pangolin roared in rage.
“You’re the one who goes back on your words. I just treat you the way you treat others. I am going to get the spiritual spring water.”
The Infernal Evil Dragon sneered.
“Enough. Since Infernal Evil Dragon is here, then let’s have everyone just fight the places with your own power. Let’s see if you are capable of getting the place of the Dragon Cave.”
As soon as the Single-horned Spirit Rhinoceros finished his words, there was an uproar among the beasts in the entire Nine Dragon Cave. None of them would want to give up the spiritual spring water. An intense battle was inevitable and it would happen anytime.
“According to the old rules, whoever can fight until the end would be the winner.”
Although the Divine Pangolin was angry, it was undeniable that he was still very fair. He did not continue arguing about getting the second set of spiritual water after the Infernal Evil Dragon arrived. The spiritual water that could only be obtained once every hundred years was extremely significant. In terms of their personal grudges, he will definitely not let the Infernal Evil Dragon go.
“Let’s see a real battle between the experts of Heavenly God Realm,” Xu Jin excitedly said.
They really wanted to join the battle of Heavenly God realm beasts, however, it was basically impossible. Hence, they could only wait for an opportunity. In that sense, the moment one of the beasts was drinking the spiritual water, they would interrupt them half-way and eliminate them who would have been injured badly by that time. That was their perfect plan.
In the distance, Liu Quanchao and others also entered the Earthly Hades Sacred Mountain. Looking at those Heavenly God beasts, their heart was like suppressed by a gigantic rock. They felt the great pressure because the beasts were too formidable. None of them could match any of the beasts. Hence, they’d have to only sit silently there and watch the situation. There would definitely be a bloody intense battle in the Nine Dragon Cave.
“It is going to be an exciting show.”
Liu Quanchao said profoundly while his eyes were filled with admiration. When would he be able to become a Heavenly God? Once he succeeded in condensing the Divine Spark, then he would reach Heavenly God Realm and be different from a mortal. After all, there was still a big gap between half-step Heavenly God Realm and Heavenly God Realm.
“Yea, it’s going to be a fierce battle and it will definitely cause a storm.” Wu Qianxun said softly.
At the moment, they could only wait silently. Only by waiting could they gain a chance to get the spiritual water. If they really went hard against the Heavenly God beasts, they would be killed anytime.
“It’s really exciting. These Heavenly God beasts are too formidable.”
Man Shuai was incomparably excited. No one was able to stay calm when waiting for the battle that was about to erupt. They were waiting for the moment when the beasts engaged in the fierce fight. Even if the beasts might have obtained the spiritual water by that time, they would have sustained severe injuries due to their intense fight. By that time, it would be the best timing for Man Shuai and others to take action.
As the saying goes, the mantis stalks the cicada, but it is unaware that the oriole is behind it. On the other hand, Yang Mingcheng and Xu Jin were also waiting for the best timing.
“I am going to see who dares to fight me and my two brothers.”
An enormous python rose up with another two pythons following behind him tightly. If Jiang Chen or Tang Zhen were here, they would definitely be able to identify these pythons. They were the Three-headed Giant Pythons Jiang Chen and Tang Zhen encountered under the river. It’s terrifying aura swept across in all directions. All of the Heavenly God Realm beasts chose to be silent at the moment. Since the trio wanted to get a set of spiritual water, if you dared to take action against them, they would join hands to strike against you. No one dared to offend the brothers.
“Oh what a coincidence. We, the brothers of Golden-winged Heavenly Sable, want a place in the Dragon Cave as well.”
Two Heavenly Sable with golden wings took a step forward and stood in front of the Three-headed Giant Pythons.
“Qing Zhi, Qing Liu and Qing Fang, I am afraid that it’s not that easy for you guys to defeat us only with your number but not your strength. Hehehe.”
“Seems like you still can’t get over your bastard brother’s death. Think wisely, two of you. If you confront any other beast, you might be able to live. However, if you fight the three of us, it won’t be easy for you to escape,” the eldest brother, Qing Zhi, said with disdain.
“Every debt comes with a debtor. To take revenge, we are looking for the three of you. No matter what, we are going to have a battle.”
The elder brother of the Golden-winged Heavenly Sable said arrogantly. Obviously, he was too lazy to continue to argue with the python. They had already made up their mind to fight with the Three-headed Giant Pythons and solve their grudges.
“Okay, I will fulfill your wish and let you two to reunite with your brother in hell.”
Qing Zhi smiled and said.
However, it was going to be an intense battle as two of them were not any ordinary beasts. It will not be easy for Qing Zhi and his brothers to overcome them in the battle.
Once they said to fight, there wouldn’t be any other way to solve the problem. These Heavenly God beasts were still beasts. Once they had made up their mind, they would be more stubborn than the human. Many beasts usually just opted to have life-and-death battles in solving a conflict.
Not long after, they started their battles respectively. They started fighting for the places of the remaining six Dragon Caves fiercely. No one would like to miss out on the chance to get the spiritual water. Once they missed the chance, they would need to wait for another one hundred years. A hundred years later, those who already obtained the spiritual water would be more powerful and they would continue to overcome all the other beasts by that time.
That was why all of the beasts now used up their utmost effort to fight in the battle. They knew that if they acted slightly slower than others, they would become the stepping stones for others to advance better. Normally these beasts looked very peaceful and calm, however, if anything related to their personal interest was touched, they would fight at the cost of their life. In the Hidden Secret Realm, a place with very limited resources, fighting for the spiritual water became very significant to them.
These beasts were inherently powerful and their divine strength had even surpassed the human’s strength. That was why these Heavenly God Realm beasts did not care about the human cultivators at all. Over the hundreds and thousand years, all of the human cultivators were killed here when fighting for the spiritual water.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2365 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2366


Chapter 2366
Sacred Mountain cracks
Heavenly God realm experts cannot enter the Hidden Secret Realm. But it’s different for the resident demonic beasts.
Plus, they grew ever stronger, yet none of them was able to reach the Divine King Realm. Which was a mystery for the last millions of years. No matter how powerful they were, they will always be a Late Heavenly God, yet it was enough to become the kings of the place as no humans could stand before their might.
The Divine Pangolin, Single-horned Spirit Rhinoceros, Golden-winged Heavenly Sable, Azure Flower Giant Python, Flying Mantis and Six-foot Divine Elephant. All these powerful Heavenly God demonic beasts were like gods and immortals, unparalleled. The battle that ensued was intense, mountains collapsed, crumbled, and lightning struck.
Heavenly God realm demonic beasts fell one after another. The victors too suffered different degrees of injuries. Those who survived will stand up and fight again, only the victors were allowed to become stronger, or death awaits!
It was a tragic scene, even Xu Jin and Yang Mingcheng gasped in awe seeing that Heavenly God demonic beasts fell one after another and the victors were covered with scars and holes as they were only Early Heavenly Gods. For beasts like the Divine Pangolin and Single-horned Spirit Rhinoceros who had reached the Peak Early Heavenly God realm, they were able to stand out from the rest. In this Hidden Secret Realm which has a scarce resource, it was very hard to increase one’s own cultivation.
For these beasts to reach the peak, they would’ve stepped onto countless corpses to reach it.
“This is tragic… ” Liu Quanchao’s expression changed.
In the face of such powerful Heavenly God Realm demonic beasts, even with their numbers, they couldn’t even face one of them. That was the gap in their strength. Each of those beasts was a powerful being that had fought through countless battles, blood flowed across the sacred mountain and the nine dragon caves.
“Most likely there won’t be many demonic beasts left if the battle continues.” Wu Qianxun sighed.
“Isn’t that great for us? Otherwise, how many beasts could we handle?” Wu Tinghou sneered. As he was accustomed to death and slaughter, he was extremely calm in the face of such battle.
The battle between the Heavenly God Realm demonic beasts was one that opened up their eyes. They watched the battle with total concentration. Hundred-meter blood pillars shot up towards the sky from the battle, and those Heavenly God beasts fell towards the ground but immediately stood up straight.
Moreover, those beasts pounding against one another caused the mountain to shake from the tremor between poundings. These beasts that were born from the heavens and earth were strong but also bloodthirsty. None could imagine that their battles would be so straightforward, just like how the wrestling match of the humans but more intense and bloody.
As these beasts covet the gains ahead, unaware of danger behind. They, the humans, will not act recklessly and wait for an opportunity to strike. They will act after the beasts get their hands on the spiritual water.
The Single-horned Spirit Rhinoceros and Divine Pangolin had their position secured. No one dared to challenge them. The top position was also empty, it was reserved for their boss.
Three Azure Flower Giant Pythons faced-off with two Golden-winged Heavenly Sables, the latter was unfazed. However, the Azure Flower Giant Pythons won against the Golden-winged Heavenly Sables in a one-sided battle. As the two sables were already injured. However, the pythons too suffered considerable damage.
The three Azure Flower Giant Pythons could go toe-to-toe against the Divine Pangolin if they were to join hands together. After finishing off the Golden-winged Heavenly Sables, those three pythons stopped their conquest. This was their limit. Because the others will certainly come for their place if they were to continue fighting. Which would benefit the other beasts….
“Pity… in the end, those two Golden-winged Heavenly Sables died by the jaws of the Azure Flower. These fellas are pretty good, they may possibly reach my level after a few thousand years. By that time, the three brothers will be a troublesome foe. Hehehe,” the Single-horned Spirit Rhinoceros said indifferently with a tinge of gentleness in his lips.
On the other side, the Infernal Evil Dragon was exerting dominance even though it hasn’t recovered from its injuries. It fended off two beasts without issue. The dragon was one of the top contenders, however, due to it being injured, other beasts saw it as a chance to attack the dragon. Otherwise, no beasts would dare to challenge its might. Still, the dragon was a top predator and these beasts will pay the price.
“I suggest… the Infernal Evil Dragon is our target! I am not a human if this demonic beast is not slain!” Yang Jian said.
At this moment, the Infernal Evil Dragon was on its last legs. Plus, this time they have more members in fighting this battle. The dragon will not get away easily this time and the spiritual water will be theirs to take.
“Alright. Even though this Infernal Evil Dragon is powerful, it’s injured and it’s not at its peak anymore. Let’s see when he’ll take his share of spiritual water.” Liu Quanchao nodded heavily.
He knew how important the spiritual water was, hence, he will not be too calculative when they got their hands on it after helping Yang Jian and the others in getting it. He will follow Yang Jian’s order in regards to the distribution of the spiritual water. Liu Quanchao as their leader would also think of his own benefit. That was human nature.
There aren’t any unselfish people in this world, just people. Nobody will clash when there isn’t any conflict of interest. But sometimes drastic measures have to be taken even if there wasn’t any valid reason.
In the end, only eight were left from the original twenty-plus Heavenly God Realm demonic beasts. Three Azure Flower Giant Pythons took a dragon cave. The other five took one. And each for the Divine Pangolin and Single-horned Spirit Rhinoceros. The last one and the top dragon cave was left but no one dared to compete for it.
“Earthly Hades Sacred Mountain, a drop of Spiritual Water is worth ten thousands gold. ” Liu Quanchao’s eyes were filled with envy.
The top dragon cave could easily fill a giant bottle of spiritual water. Whereby the Single-horned Spirit Rhinoceros and Divine Pangolin’s dragon cave could only fill a small bottle. The remaining six dragon caves could only produce several tens of drops or even a dozen drops of spiritual water.
*Rumble!*
At this moment, the Earthly Hades Sacred Mountain started to crumble!
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2366 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2367


Chapter 2367 – To ask a tiger for its skin
The mountain will undergo a great change every hundred years. The Earthly Hades Sacred Mountain will crumble and the spiritual water will burst out from the mountain. The spiritual water will drop onto those nine dragon caves.
As for the nine dragon caves, it existed far, far long ago.
“Where is the source of the Earthly Hades Sacred Mountain’s spiritual water? Can’t they just look for the source? Why do they need to wait for a hundred years and get so little amount of spiritual water? ” Zhang Lei frowned, puzzled.
“Did you think nobody tried to find it? Countless experts had sought for it since the beginning of the Hidden Secret Realm, but none of them came out after entering where the source was said to flow. In the end, thousands and millions of years has passed and the Earthly Hades Sacred Mountain still stands tall and none dared to venture into the mountain. The fact is that this mountain is where Lady Death resides and that much of spiritual water is what she produced every hundred years. Nobody could change it nor find the source of it. The road towards the source was a tunnel straight towards Hell. It is an extremely dark place, with no survivor to tell the tale. Hence, I suggest you better not have any strange ideas in regards to the Earthly Hades Sacred Mountain. Otherwise… you wished you had listened to me.” Wu Tinghou explained.
Everyone dared not to be reckless after hearing his words. Nobody knew what’s inside that dark tunnel of the Earthly Hades Sacred Mountain. No danger shall befall anyone if one doesn’t venture into it.
Those Heavenly Godrealm demonic beasts knew where the source was, however, none dared to venture into it and silently waited.
The black hole began to enlarge, the mountainside of the Sacred Mountain was now completely exposed. However, it was a deep dark hole, not even the Single-horned Spirit Rhinoceros or Divine Pangolin had the desire to take a sneak peek.
Droplets of spiritual water went towards the nine caves. The droplets first reached the six small caves, next, it was the dragon caves where the Divine Pangolin and the Single-horned Spirit Rhinoceros were in. As for the first dragon cave, none was flowing towards it there because the remaining spiritual water will end up there.
“Hahaha, looks like I’m not late. This spiritual water… great stuff! I could even smell the fragrance of the spiritual water from a thousand li away.”
A thunderous voice resounded throughout the Earthly Hades Sacred Mountain. A mighty figure appeared in the first dragon cave and stood proudly as he faced the dozen or so Heavenly God Realm demonic beast fearlessly!
“It’s him, Lang Ya! Divine Pill Sect’s Lang Ya!” Liu Quanchao shouted.
Lang Ya’s reputation was pretty prestigious. This fella was the most mysterious one among the three great sects, yet he was the most famous across the Linhe Boundary. His skills in the art of alchemy were one of a kind. Nobody knew how powerful he was because he rarely shows his skills.
Wu Qianxun and Wu Tinghou’s were wearing a solemn expression. They did not expect Lang Ya of the Divine Pill Sect to come. This person’s appearance had increased a lot of uncertainties into this battle for the spiritual water. This fella could easily change the battle of humans easily but he’s acting too haughty in the face of these many demonic beasts. Everyone thought Lang Ya had gone nuts.
“Even though he is pretty strong, isn’t he overestimating himself? There are dozens of Heavenly God Realm demonic beasts, does he really think he could stand his ground against them? Hehe.” Wu Qianxun sneered.
“Stop giving a wild guess. This fella is no simple fool. Rumours have it that Lang Ya is on par with the Ghost Eye Sect’s Li Zongheng and Clear Stream Sect’s Xuanyuan Canglan. The three of them is Linhe Boundary’s once in a thousand years monstrous prodigy. I think he has his own plan.” Wu Tinghou said quietly.
His brother was slightly shocked by his great evaluation towards Lang Ya.
From afar, Yang Mingcheng and Xu Jin were wearing a solemn expression. Lang Ya’s appearance has disrupted their plans. Giving a massive change to those who were already leaving after gaining the spiritual water.
“Why did he choose to appear now? This is madness.” Yang Mingcheng said.
“That fella has a sensitive nose, he has long sensed the spiritual water’s existence. This spiritual water is a vital ingredient for creating spiritual medicinal pills. There’s no reason for him to give up such a large slice of the cake. I’m not shocked about him coming out now. Rather, I would’ve thought something must be going on if he did not appear.” Xu Jin said indifferently. Obviously, he knew better than Yang Mingcheng that Lang Ya must’ve come prepared.
“Puny human. You dare break into this Earthly Hades Sacred Mountain. Do you know where you are?”
“F*ck off. This is not a place for you to be. Your death has been decided the moment you broke into this place.”
“An ignorant fool is a stupid fool. You’re dead. Damned human.”
Several Heavenly God Realm demonic beasts looked at him with hostility. Except for the Spirit Rhinoceros, which remained calm. Whereby the Divine Pangolin was slightly shocked too. Does this human fella not value his own life??
“Senior Spirit Rhinoceros, I hope you’ll take care of me this time. Hahaha, I prepared Supreme Grade Medicinal Pills for each senior. I hope fellow Heavenly God Realm seniors will accept this.” Lang Ya’s lips curved into a pale smile.
Nine Supreme Grade Medicinal Pills from the get-go. Gifting it to every beast other than the Spirit Rhinoceros. All the demonic beasts were slightly shocked, not knowing what schemes the guy was cooking.
“Today, your boss has gone to the Withered Dojo, god knows when he will come back. This spiritual water. I shall take it in his place.”
All the beasts’ faces changed after hearing the word Withered Dojo and their expression became gloomy.
“Senior Spirit Rhinoceros, this is an Immortal Grade Dragon Snake Vigorous Pill and ten Supreme Grade spiritual pills. I hope you’ll accept in kind.” Lang Ya said with a smile.
His heart was bleeding when he took out the Immortal Grade Dragon Snake Vigorous Pill. Because this pill was something given to him by his master. He was reluctant to take it out all this while. But the value between the Immortal Grade Dragon Snake Vigorous Pill and the spiritual water could not be compared. The spiritual water would be able to help him produce much more spiritual pills.
Even though he’s asking a tiger for its skin, Lang Ya must have the spiritual water!
“Great! Great! Great!”
The Single-horned Spirit Rhinoceros took Lang Ya’s pills with shining eyes. This spiritual pill was great nourishment for beasts like them. Plus, in their point of view, the pills are much better than the spiritual water. Hence, they were all taking on what they wanted.
“My Immortal Grade Medicinal Pill, where is it?”
At this moment, a coarse dominating voice resounded behind the Single-horned Spirit Rhinoceros.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2367 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2368


Chapter 2368
Jiang Chen, it’s you again!
The Single-horned Spirit Rhinoceros alone received an Immortal Grade Medicinal Pill in addition to ten Supreme Grade Pills. Others may not have a problem with it but the Divine Pangolin who was dissatisfied with him had a problem. Especially now that their boss was not present, he would never allow the rhinoceros to get all the benefit alone.
All the other demonic beasts were silent, and Lang Ya’s expression slightly changed after the Divine Pangolin voiced its dissatisfaction.
He did not expect such a thing to happen. This Divine Pangolin wasn’t giving the Single-horned Spirit Rhinoceros any respect.
The Single-horned Spirit Rhinoceros shouted:
“What’s wrong? You have an opinion with regards to this? Are you the decision maker in the Nine Dragon Caves? ”
The Single-horned Spirit Rhinoceros was extremely furious. This Divine Pangolin was always against him. For the pangolin to stand against him at such a crucial moment, the pangolin did not give him a single shred of respect. The anger of the Single-horned Spirit Rhinoceros was understandable.
Both of them had been fighting against each other for thousands of years. Plus, the Divine Pangolin was never afraid of the Single-horned Spirit Rhinoceros. If it wasn’t for the rhinoceros having a great relationship with the boss, the pangolin wouldn’t have been on such ‘good terms’ with him on the surface.
The pangolin would never accept it when the rhinoceros wanted to become the decision maker. Previously, he was even tricked by the Infernal Evil Dragon, the pangolin was already unhappy about it, now a chance for him to release that anger has been presented to him.
“You’re right. I do not have the authority to decide things in this Nine Dragon Cave, but so do you. Hehe, despicable. Little boy, do you think this is a place where you could come and leave as you please? A mere Supreme Grade Pill could move all of us? You are truly naive,” the Divine Pangolin said with disdain as it looked at Lang Ya.
At this moment, Lang Ya realised that he had neglected this other old fella’s existence and had fanned the flames of anger within him. But he only had one Immortal Grade Medicinal Pill which he was even reluctant to give it away. But it was a necessary cost for the sake of the spiritual water. Otherwise, it’ll be hard for him to obtain it. Plus, the demonic beasts here are pretty numerous.
“Senior is slightly wrong about something. This Nine Dragon Cave is without an owner. Then, why can’t I have a portion of it if there’s no master in this place? Plus, you’ve received a Supreme Grade Pill. I hope you’ll not disgrace your status,” Lang Ya said indifferently.
“Little boy, this is not a place for you to act unruly. You wanna have a go with me?” the Divine Pangolin said disdainfully.
Even though Lang Ya was pretty strong, he was not as strong as the beast. At this moment, the beast was obviously looking for trouble with the rhinoceros, because the Immortal Grade Medicinal Pill was too tempting for him to ignore.
Single-horned Spirit Rhinoceros looked at Divine Pangolin and said coldly, “Don’t you dare get greedy. Do you think I won’t dare put my hands on you? Old fool!”
“Then, I will have to see whether I could get my hands on an Immortal Grade Medicinal Pill. Hehehe,” the Divine Pangolin said with a pale smile, not getting angered.
At this moment, Lang Ya was in an awkward situation. There cannot be two kings in a country. However, these two fellas are similar in strength. Meaning… if he could not bring out another Immortal Grade Medicinal Pill, the situation may get worse. He does not care about the other beasts, but the Divine Pangolin was strong and dared to stand against the rhinoceros.
“Looks like you are dead set on going against me.”
The Single-horned Spirit Rhinoceros’s voice was getting colder because the fella was obviously going against him, other than wanting the pill. The pangolin took this chance to seek trouble with him. Even if he wanted to dissolve the situation, the Divine Pangolin will certainly not let him go. Unless Lang Ya was able to provide another Immortal Grade Medicinal Pill. But is that really an option?
The Single-horned Spirit Rhinoceros’s gaze was getting colder and cruel. The Divine Pangolin was obviously seeking trouble with him and not giving him face in front of so many demonic beasts. The rhinoceros could feel the fighting intent coming from the pangolin. Both of them don’t see eye-to-eye for countless years, but the pangolin does not want to let this matter go today.
On the surface, the Divine Pangolin wanted only an Immortal Grade Medicinal Pill. But in fact, he was already fighting with the Single-horned Spirit Rhinoceros silently. None of the two is willing to let it go. After all, an Immortal Grade Medicinal Pill was precious even for a Heavenly God. Hence, the battle for the pill was fated to happen.
“In fact, I too did not hope to end this in such a way. But I cannot accept that you’re being impartial. I am a just person, you have an Immortal Grade Medicinal Pill and so do I. What do you think? Little boy.”
The Divine Pangolin looked at Lang Ya. Lang Ya felt threatened by its gigantic eyes.
“Then, we’ll have to see whether you have what it takes to fight me. I welcome all challenges.” The Single-horned Spirit Rhinoceros shouted in anger and vigour. He then instantly unleashed explosive energy, he was dead set on fighting against the Divine Pangolin.
“Hahaha, Senior Divine Pangolin is truly bold. If you can kill that human body and that despicable rhinoceros these two Immortal Grade Medicinal Pill is yours. What do you think?”
A figure appeared out of nowhere.
“Jiang Chen! It’s you!” Lang Ya squinted his eyes.
This fella is such a hard to kill pest. His appearance also shocked both the Divine Pangolin and Single-horned Spirit Rhinoceros. An Early True God boy has two Immortal Grade Medicinal Pills? Is an Immortal Grade Medicinal Pill worth nothing for the humans?
“Aren’t you afraid of me killing you to get those Immortal Grade Medicinal Pills?” The Divine Pangolin murmured as it looked at Jiang Chen from the view of a superior, extremely prideful.
“I certainly am no match for you. But if I do not have the ability to survive, would I dare appear in front of you all?” Jiang Chen smiled.
He then showed two Immortal Grade Pills, the Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pill on his palm. At that moment, even Lang Ya’s pupils constricted. How did this fella get his hands on two Immortal Grade Pills?!
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2368 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2369


Chapter 2369
The sure-fire prodding method
The eyes of both the Divine Pangolin and Single-horned Spirit Rhinoceros, plus the other Heavenly God demonic beasts, became red from the temptation of those two Immortal Grade medicinal pills that Jiang Chen took out as bargaining chips. It was enough to cause these beasts to be restless. If it weren’t for the Divine Pangolin and the Single-horned Spirit Rhinoceros being there, they would’ve pounced straight towards Jiang Chen.
“It’s him, it’s really him! Hahaha, Jiang Chen, you finally showed up! I said it before, he’s certainly alive.” Yang Jian’s eyes lit up with unexplainable happiness and excitement.
The group became heated after Jiang Chen arrived at the scene. Pan Hong and Liu Quanchao’s group will have a powerful reinforcement now who wasn’t afraid of those Heavenly God Realm demonic beasts. Which means Jiang Chen must have some cards up his sleeve. Now, he’s standing face to face against Lang Ya and is filled with vigour.
“He’s Jiang Chen? I heard he killed Zhu Mingyang of the Overlord Sect and Li Yanchao of the Divine Pill Sect, very strong, monstrously strong, however he doesn’t look like what the rumours say.” Wu Qianxun said quietly.
“One shouldn’t judge a book by its cover. Qianxun, remember, never look down on anyone. Especially those who are famous. We do not know how powerful Jiang Chen is, hence, he’s much scarier than Lang Ya.” Wu Tinghou’s words made Liu Quanchao and the others look up to him.
Because what he said was true, he was giving Jiang Chen the credits he deserved. This Wu Tinghou was a good judge in character.
“What is that fella’s background? He dares to stand against Lang Ya? Plus, there are quite a number of Heavenly God demonic beasts behind him, ballsy… Hmph…” Yang Mingcheng harrumphed as he looked at Jiang Chen.
“That fella must be Jiang Chen. I saw him at the Ancient Dragon City’s auction. Arrogant, prideful. Hehe. He’s probably a guy that only ‘looks’ strong. He’s seeking his own death, facing Lang Ya… Even though he said he has two Immortal Grade Medicinal Pills, do you think he has what it takes to leave this place with his life?” Xu Jin sneered as he judged Jiang Chen as a person who does not know his own place, and he’ll pay for his arrogance with his own life.
“Then, we’ll just have to watch and see. Hahaha, I bet that Lang Ya is no weak fool. Let them fight against each other. Nobody knows who’s going to be on top in the end… Those two demonic beasts look like they’re ready to fight. This is beneficial for us. ” Yang Mingcheng said.
“Those two beasts are the most dangerous. Lang Ya is not someone that we can both overcome. The other demonic beasts are a pain too.” Xu Jin said quietly as those demonic beasts were worrying him.
“You’re pretty ballsy. But I do not like to bargain with humans. Plus, I don’t like to be ordered around,” the Divine Pangolin said.
Lang Ya smirked when he heard what the Divine Pangolin’s words. This fella is not easy to deal with and it looks like Jiang Chen has offended him too.
“That pill is going to be mine after killing you. Isn’t that a sure-win for me? Why should I listen to your demand? Puny human.”
Jiang Chen smiled, not getting angered.
He then threw both of the Immortal Grade Medicinal Pill towards the Divine Pangolin. The latter was slightly stunned but swiftly took both of the pills and kept it away.
“Is this sincere enough? Senior Divine Pangolin. If you think that I am using you, then you can just sit back and do nothing. Since you have already gotten your Immortal Grade Pills. Of course, you’ll suffer if you fight against the Single-horned Spirit Rhinoceros. Consider me doing the best for all the parties involved.”
“Are you threatening me? Are you trying to anger me?”
The Divine Pangolin threw out a punch on the walls of the Nine Dragon Caves. A powerful shock trembled across the mountain, surging straight towards Jiang Chen. The latter instantly teleported and appeared right in front of the Divine Pangolin.
At that moment, everyone gasped in awe. Nobody thought that Jiang Chen could teleport instantly through the void. Just from this alone, these demonic beasts could not touch Jiang Chen.
“I’ve underestimated this fella.” Lang Ya said coldly.
However, he will not let this go. Jiang Chen must be killed, otherwise, Jiang Chen will surely become a threat for him in the future.
“You have successfully angered me. Of course, your scheme towards me is also useful. Because I refuse to believe that the rhinoceros could do anything against me,” the Divine Pangolin shouted.
He got what he wanted, two Immortal Grade Medicinal Pills, which was a very good deal. Jiang Chen could do nothing if he chose not to fight against the Single-horned Spirit Rhinoceros. But as a demonic beast, he has his own dignity and honour.
If he chose to retreat now, then everyone would think that he’s afraid of the rhinoceros. Since he has already received the Immortal Grade Medicinal Pills then he must help Jiang Chen out, as the reward was already more than enough. They have their own honour and dignity, it was important for beasts like them even though they were savage by nature. Jiang Chen was betting on the Divine Pangolin to fight and the result was… he was correct.
Jiang Chen was clear that the battle between the Divine Pangolin and the Single-horned Spirit Rhinoceros was on the verge of eruption. However, he must be sure that it will be set off and he must find someone to help his cause. The pangolin was the greatest choice since Lang Ya and the rhinoceros was on the same side, he’ll certainly lose if he chose to face the both of them. A Peak Early Heavenly God Realm demonic beast was no easy foe to be up against.
“I have to work my worth after taking my pills. This portion of spiritual water is also mine to take. Single-horned Spirit Rhinoceros, let’s duke it out.”
The Divine Pangolin and the Single-horned Spirit Rhinoceros finally started their battle. Everyone held their breath as the battle ensued. Both the pangolin and rhinoceros were also itching to fight, as the last time they had fought was over 10,000+ years ago when they had just reached the Heavenly God Realm. At that time, they were on par against one another. This time, they shall see who’s the stronger one between them.
“Puny human, you and that pangolin will meet Lady Death herself today.”
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2369 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2370


Chapter 2370
Too many enemies
The Single-horned Spirit Rhinoceros gazed at Jiang Chen fiercely. But at the same time, the Divine Pangolin started his attack, rushing towards the enemy with his gigantic body. It was an apocalyptic scene, as the two gigantic beasts clashed.
Nevertheless, even with all the ruckus, the Nine Dragon Cave was unaffected by the clash. The Sacred Mountain and the spiritual water was still undergoing its process, slowly dripping down towards the caves, tempting the hearts of men and beasts alike.
Jiang Chen was no exception. This spiritual water was an exceptional treasure no matter if it was for pill concoction or for the sake of one’s cultivation.
A dark black hole was split open on the sacred mountain, but none dared to venture into it to search for the source of the spiritual water.
Jiang Chen frowned as he gazed at that giant black hole. It felt like something was calling for him from deep within the hole. He felt something was amiss about that large hole. The spiritual water was flowing from that very hole too; could one find the source of the water if one were to venture into that place?
Jiang Chen couldn’t help but think that it was a silent summon that was calling for him, it was extremely creepy… however, he’s not one with insatiable greed. He and the others would have the same thought but none of them ventured into that place. The dangers within that dark hole must be immense. Jiang Chen immediately gave up on the thought but he still felt uncomfortable due to the silent callings, as if it was calling his soul towards the place.
“Jiang Chen, let’s see how powerful you are. Now, I shall be the one to punish you. This spiritual water is not for the likes of you to take. It’ll be a waste for people like you. Hahaha.” Lang Ya sneered and pointed at Jiang Chen with his weapon as he was preparing to battle.
“Are you trying to fight me? Hehe. I am not that stupid. This spiritual water is coming out soon. I am only here for the water, I will obliterate those who stand in my way.” Jiang Chen squinted his eyes and said with a slight smile.
“What a coincidence. I also don’t like people blocking my path. Hence, I will politely ask you to f*ck off. Otherwise, die!” Lang Ya was extremely confident in facing Jiang Chen.
A Half-Step Heavenly God versus an Early True God… is there a need to compare? However, he didn’t want to act at such an early stage, as he was the first amongst the humans to act first and he needed to preserve his strength. God knows how many others were silently waiting on the sidelines. Plus, those beasts may even betray him in the last second. Hence, he was extremely careful after considering all the possible things that may happen.
“If you want to fight, come and get it. I, Jiang Chen, am no coward, this spiritual water is mine to take and your life as well.”
“Originally, I didn’t think of killing you so soon. But it looks like you’re eager to die. You’re the culprit behind Li Yanchao’s death, right?”
Lang Ya and Li Yanchao were both from the Divine Pill Sect. But a powerful and uncontrollable monster like Lang Ya does not regard Li Yanchao as his equal. Hence, their relationship was not as great as it seems. However, Li Yanchao getting killed by Jiang Chen was an insult to the sect, hence Lang Ya will not let this slide.
“Come. You’ll become the ultimate winner in this Nine Dragon Cave if you manage to kill me.” Jiang Chen obviously was getting tired of Lang Ya’s trash talking.
It’s impossible to preserve once strength if he were to face Lang Ya. Hence, there’s no more point in talking and only battle awaits them.
The battle that was happening between the Divine Pangolin and the Single-horned Spirit Rhinoceros was moving towards the climax. The two Peak Early Heavenly God Realm demonic beasts were exceptional, their battle was fierce. The other beasts were silently watching as they dared not to offend any one of them.
The Single-horned Spirit Rhinoceros and Divine Pangolin fought like no other. But the Nine Dragon Caves remained unaffected by their battle. Meaning that this place was different from other places and the spiritual water was also an exceptional treasure.
The Single-horned Spirit Rhinoceros was strong… However, the Divine Pangolin wasn’t going to back down. Both of them had been on each other’s noses for a few thousands of years. At this moment, everyone was concentrating on their battle.
The Single-horned Spirit Rhinoceros was agile; the Divine Pangolin was dominatingly strong. None of them was able to gain the upper hand against the other. Their battle was extremely beneficial for Jiang Chen in his cultivation and as a reference.
“Brother Spirit Rhinoceros, I am willing to assist you.”
Nobody expected that at this moment the Infernal Evil Dragon chose to come up to the stage, even though he was injured. Because when the Infernal Evil Dragon came to the Divine Pangolin’s territory to get the thieves, the pangolin did not help him, hence the dragon hated him to the core. Plus, the pangolin even wanted his share of the spiritual water, this was what made the Infernal Evil Dragon angry.
“Count us, three brothers, in. Haha.” Green Azure laughed loudly as it looked at Jiang Chen coldly.
The three brothers could never forget this fella.
“So, it’s you three.” Jiang Chen said coldly.
“You destroyed our homes, leaving us without a place to return to, how could we possibly forgive you?!” Green Azure roared furiously.
“Despicable. Taking advantage of the situation.” Yang Jian shouted with a cold expression.
At this moment, Jiang Chen felt that enemies were surrounding him. These fellas were obviously taking advantage of the situation to ensure his demise. Plus, he was on the weaker side when he faced Lang Ya. Now… it was extremely dangerous.
No matter if it was the Azure Flower Giant Pythons or the Infernal Evil Dragon, they were all extremely dangerous for Jiang Chen. The Divine Pangolin will certainly lose if they join hands together, and Jiang Chen will be surrounded from all sides and die a terrible death.
“Nobody could change the fact that Jiang Chen has too many enemies. This is the worst possible situation for him now.” Wu Tinghou said quietly.
They couldn’t do much with the current situation. Even though those beasts were all injured, they were still powerful beasts nonetheless. It would be impossible for their meagre power to change the whole situation.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2370 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2371


Chapter 2371
Battle with Lang Ya
“At this moment, we’re gonna see if Jiang Chen could withstand Lang Ya’s attack. Hope that he manages to resist all the attacks from these monsters.”
Liu Quanchao said while feeling helpless.
Although his cultivation realm was only at the half-step Heavenly God Realm, he knew that Jiang Chen might not be weaker than him when it comes to a life-and-death battle. He hoped that Jiang Chen could create a miracle. Of course the biggest hope he was holding to right now was the Divine Pangolin.
Even though they knew that pinning hope on others was an act of showing their incapability, it was difficult for Liu Quanchao to take action against those opponents. If he brought all of the disciples into the battle, all of them might be
completely annihilated at the end. He needed a massive courage to do that as well. It was not a rational decision, that was why he chose to lay low.
“Bastard, you guys are a bunch of bastards!”
Jiang Chen had not taken any action yet, but the Divine Pangolin had already been filled with extreme spirit. The Divine Pangolin and Jiang Chen’s battle strength were almost equal, the only thing that could determine their destiny was their luck and endurance. However, the Infernal Evil Dragon and Azure Flower Giant Python were about to join the battle right now and they might turn the situation around. He did not wish to see the situation like this.
Jiang Chen looked solemn because of Lang Ya’s presence.
“No matter what, don’t pin your hopes on others. This is my advice for you. Hope you can remember it well in your next life. You can only laugh until the end when you are the one controling the situation.”
Lang Ya smiled faintly. He said that to Jiang Chen arrogantly as if Jiang Chen had already died.
“This is the Heavenly Shaking Cauldron that I inherited from my beloved master. It is even more powerful than a Heavenly Divine Tool. Today, I am going to use this to suppress you. I really want to see if you will be able to get out from the Heavenly Shaking Cauldron.”
Lang Ya’s hand was holding a huge black cauldron. One could immediately tell that it was a divine cauldron used for concocting divine pills. It was truly a Heavenly Divine Tool. The Heavenly Shaking Cauldron was indeed a piece of treasure. However, it might not be able to suppress Jiang Chen.
“Get out of here!”
Lang Ya was holding the cauldron and pressing it against the void. The terrifying power it released had torn the void apart. Jiang Chen casted his Azure Dragon’s Five Steps and used his Dragon Transformation while holding the Heavenly Dragon Sword. Slashing the sky and sweeping across in all directions, he crashed into Lang Ya’s Heavenly Shaking Cauldron. The dreadful clanging sounds had attracted all the Heavenly God beasts’s attention. The domineeringness released by Jiang Chen and Lang Ya was not like those from the ordinary people. As soon as Lang Ya took out his Heavenly Shaking Cauldron, the surrounding temperature heated up.
The Heavenly Shaking Cauldron fell down from the sky, suppressing Jiang Chen. Jiang Chen’s sword pointed to the heavens, he was completely fearless. The sword clashed with the cauldron once more. This time, Jiang Chen was repulsed by Lang Ya. Although he was a half-step Heavenly God, Jiang Chen’s strength was incomparable to Lang Ya’s. That was why Jiang Chen could only dodge the attack.
“Twelve Fire God Guards! Form up!”
Jiang Chen shouted. The Twelve Fire God Guards suddenly appeared like twelve glowing fire gods soaring into the sky. Their overbearing breath was extremely powerful, especially after Jiang Chen casted the Surging Wave Earthly Formation with them. They then besiege Lang Ya with their formation. Lang Ya’s facial expression changed lightly because he never expected that Jiang Chen would have a technique like this. As soon as the twelve Fire God Guards appeared, they managed to stop Lang Ya from taking any action. The Surging Wave Earthly Formation had once defeated Li Zhongheng’s Ghost Eye Formation, so it was undeniably terrifying.
“You do really have some capability to kill so many people. However, you won’t be able to escape today.”
Lang Ya snorted coldy. Without any fear, he immediately started an intense battle with the twelve Fire God Guards. Jiang Chen was neither nervous nor slow. He immediately took action against Lang Ya as well, together with the twelve Fire God Guards. This time, his strength was enhanced magnificently. Although Jiang Chen was only an Early True God, he was not inferior to a half-step Heavenly God at this moment. Lang Ya had become slightly anxious under the twelve Fire God Guards’ attack and he dared not to underestimate Jiang Chen’s combat strength. Slowly, La Yang had changed his attacking position to defense.
“Formidable!” Wu Qianxun said sincerely.
It was impossible for him to defeat Lang Ya who was a half-step Heavenly God. At the same time, he never really thought that Jiang Chen could defeat him. However, by looking at Jiang Chen’s strength right now, he found it ridiculously terrifying. Although there were three realms of gap in their cultivation realm , Jiang Chen and Lang Ya were neck to neck in the battle.
“You should understand by now that no matter how good you think you are, there is always someone out there who is better. I have already said before. Jiang Che is not simple.”
Wu Tinghou actually had quite a high expectation on Jiang Chen deep in his heart, nevertheless, he was still startled by Jiang Chen when watching the battle. Undeniably, the formation of the twelve Fire God Guards was sufficient to kill a half-step Heavenly God cultivator.
“Jiang Chen will definitely not be defeated.”
Yang Jian said in a deep voice, showing his firm faith in Jiang Chen. This was the only thing he could do right now. He believed that Jiang Chen would be able to defeat Lang Ya.
“Is this guy really this monstrous?”
Somewhere afar, Yang Mingcheng was also dumbstruck by the fact that Jiang Chen was only an Early True God. If he was Jiang Chen, he would’ve already ran away. Why would he have the courage and mood to fight a half-step Heavenly God. In fact, Jiang Chen’s strength was out of everyone’s expectation. They all had higher appraisal on Jiang Chen right now.
“We shouldn’t underestimate him. It won’t be so easy for us to get the spiritual spring water.” Xu Jin smiled bitterly and said.
He did not want to support their enemy and weaken his own spirit, however, they all knew how formidable Lang Ya was. He was the unparalleled genius of Divine Pill Sect. Despite his formidability, he and Jiang Chen were evenly matched in battle. It was hard to say who was the upper hand.
“I believe that Lang Ya would win as his strength is well known. Who is Jiang Chen? His cultivation realm is only at the Early True God Realm. If he did not have the puppets and the formation, he would’ve been defeated earlier.”
Not to be outdone, Yang Mingchen said.
“Don’t you think that the puppets and the formation is also a part of his strength? Perhaps he is even more dreadful than you think. Do you think an ordinary True God would be able to master twelve Mid True God realm puppets? I might not even have the spiritual strength to control those twelve puppets.” Xu Jin said seriously.
While Jiang Chen and Lang Ya were having a fierce battle, the Divine Pangolin seemed to be struggling with the joint attack of the Single-horned Spirit Rhinoceros and the Azure Flower Giant Python. The Divine Pangolin could not resist their attack anymore. He had been injured badly and was in a disadvantageous position.
When Jiang Chen saw that the Divine Pangolin had lost the upper hand in the battle, he knew that the situation was very disadvantageous to them if things continued to develop the way it is. .
Upon also seeing this, Lang Ya smiled coldly and said, “Now you should know what despair is. Hahaha, later when the Divine Pangolin is defeated, the day you die will not be too far as well. It’s impossible for you to overcome me.”
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2371 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2372


Chapter 2372
The Situation had been Worrying
Jiang Chen’s face looked solemn and he did not dare to be reckless at all. The twelve Fire God Guards used up gave it their all in the battle. Even with the Fire God Guards’s help , they were still neck-and-neck in the battle. Lang Ya was not weaker than Li Zhongheng at all. At the moment, Jiang Chen looked tense as he still had to confront the Heavenly God beasts. For him, confronting Lang Ya was not difficult compared to the Heavenly God Realm beasts.
Currently, the Divine Pangolin had already been in a disadvantageous position under the joint attack of the Single-horned Spirit Rhinoceros and the other beats. It was not easy to turn the table. Every beast present was not weak at all. At the beginning, both sides were equal, but right now it seems like their opponent had the upper hand. It was out of their expectation.
“Infernal Evil Dragon, you are such a despicable bastard. I never thought that you would be so cunning!”
Divine Pangolin roared while gritting his teeth tightly. His roar was as loud as a thunderstorm and shook the entire Nine Dragon Cave. His rage and unwillingness were frightening. Unfortunately, the Divine Pangolin was unable to display his full mightiness at the moment. It was like a tiger who lost its teeth.
Infernal Evil Dragon smiled coldly and said, “This is called karma. Who asked you to stand aside and watch the show and did not help me? I am going to let you taste the feeling of being bullied by all the beasts.”
She gave the Divine Pangolin a ruthless glance. The Divine Pangolin felt that the Infernal Evil Dragon was punishing him. The Infernal Evil Dragon had always been calculative. It was impossible for her to sit aside and not take the chance to attack him. Moreover, she had received gifts from Lang Ya to join the battle. If the Infernal Evil Dragon did not take revenge against the Divine Pangolin now, when would she be able to take revenge?
The Azure Pythons felt the same. Their home had been destroyed by Jiang Chen, hence they don’t have a home to stay anymore. It was impossible that their hatred for Jiang Chen would disappear so soon. They’re going to take this opportunity to make a heavy blow against Jiang Chen. It would be the best if Jiang Chen was killed.
Jiang Chen’s eyes looked extremely cold. His battle with Lang Ya had also become even more dreadful now. The battle was presently at the boiling point. Without feeling any fear, Lang Ya held the Heavenly Shaking Cauldron and struck the craziest attack against Jiang Chen and the twelve Fire God Guards. At the end, however, Lang Ya failed to escape from the formation of the twelve Fire God Guards and the Surging Wave Earthly Formation, which defeated Li Zhongheng before. Jiang Chen then proceeded to use up all of his strength as he wanted to overcome Lang Ya as soon as possible, otherwise, he would fall into a disadvantaged position in the battle.
The Divine Pangolin would be slowly killed by these Heavenly God beasts if the situation continued to be like this. He had almost been pushed to a dead end.
“Each of the Heavenly God masters, if you are willing to help me defeat the old rhinoceros, I am going to reward you with an Immortal Grade Divine Pill. I will not go back on my promise,” Jiang Chen said with a deep voice.
The remaining four Heavenly God beasts were slightly tempted. They had seen an Immortal Grade Divine Pill before. But when they saw the divine pills at the Divine Pangolin and Single-horned Spirit Rhinoceros just now, they knew that even eating hundred pieces of Supreme Grade Divine Pill would not give them the same benefit of eating one piece of Immortal Grade Divine Pill. That was the most terrifying medicinal pill that they had ever seen and it was even somehow more superior than the spiritual spring water they obtained.
The four beasts looked at each other and they hesitated. They were tempted yet they did not know what to do.
“If you take action against me, don’t blame me for killing your whole clan.”
The Single-horned Spirit Rhinoceros’ voice echoed around the four injured beasts’ ears. Their heart skipped a beat. If they took action against him, they did not know whether they would win or lose, or live or die. Moreover, they had to confront the Azure Flower Giant Pythons and the Infernal Evil Dragon as well. They did not have absolute confidence to defeat them. The probability of winning was less than sixty percent. If they lose in the battle, they would die along with their clan’s destiny.
The transaction was too risky for them because they were unclear about the Azure Flower Giant Pythons and Infernal Evil Dragon’s true strength. If they chose to take action recklessly right now, they might stand at the wrong side and regret it.
Lang Ya looked gloomy because he was a bit worried right now. The temptation of getting the Immortal Grade Divine Pill was extraordinarily huge. However, the four beasts were well-aware that even if they could get the pill, they might not be able to survive and enjoy the reward. If they chose to join Jiang Chen’s side but lost the battle, the consequences they were going to suffer would be devastating.
“All of the masters, if you are willing to lend me a helping hand, I will not mistreat you in the future. I will give you ten pieces of Supreme Grade Divine Pill!”
Not to be outdone, Lang Ya offered something as well. Although Jiang Chen’s Immortal Grade Pill was more tempting, obviously the Single-horned Spirit Rhinoceros’s side had an upper hand.
After being silent for a while, the four beasts chose to stand by the Single-horned Spirit Rhinoceros. They did not want to put their life at risk. Joining the Single-horned Spirit Rhinoceros’s side could secure their life.
“We are willing to follow our brother Spirit Rhinoceros.”
The four beats said that at the same time. At the moment, the Divine Pangolin was extremely disappointed. He had already been in a fierce battle with the Single-horned Spirit Rhinoceros, yet most of the great beasts chose to stand by his enemy to fight against him. Unless he was a Middle Heavenly God Realm beast, otherwise they would definitely be defeated.
Middle Heavenly God Realm and Early Heavenly God Realm were two completely different realms. The Divine Pangolin was unable to resist the joint attack at all and he even suffered from severe injury. Jiang Chen was really worried about the situation.
“Oh no, all of the beasts are going to stand by with Lang Ya.”
Liu Quanchao’s face looked terrible. No one expected this situation would happen: all of the beasts chose to stand by with Lang Ya. It was only because Jiang Chen had made too many enemies in the past. All of the injured beasts right now did not want to suffer any kind of loss anymore, so they choose to stand by the
Single-horned Spirit Rhinoceros.
“Right now, Jiang Chen’s situation is quite precarious.”
Zhang Lei nodded and said while his eyes released some kind of helplessness. They could not help at all all with their current cultivation realm as all of the enemies were Heavenly God beasts. The Divine Pangolin seemed to be defeated in the next second. Jiang Chen would definitely become the beasts’ target if that happened.
“Are we just going to stand here and watch Jiang Chen fall into a predicament? Can we do something”
Yang Jian said with a deep voice while staring at the battle.
“If we take action now, it will be no different from courting death.”
Wu Qianxun said.
“Yes, that’s right. We have to think about everyone’s sake.”
Wu Tinghou nodded in silence.
“All of the Heavenly God Realm masters. If we kill him, then all of his Immortal Grade Pill will be ours. Haha. Let me, Lang Ya, take the lead to kill him and all of his Divine Pills will be yours.”
Lang Ya held the Heavenly Shaking Cauldron, standing on the void in pride. His laughter was as loud as a thunderstorm. At the moment, Jiang Chen was on the brink of ruin.
“Show me how you are going to fight me.”
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2372 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2373


Chapter 2373
Single-horned Spirit Rhinoceros’ dreadfulness
Jiang Chen looked calm, however. The current situation had made him become more solemn.
The Divine Pangolin was almost exhausted as he was under the joint attack of the nine great beasts. But he had not given up at all. It’s not only for Jiang Chen but also for himself. If he gave up, he would be giving up his own life and he was going to bid farewell to this world. The Divine Pangolin would rather use up all of his strength instead of being killed.
However, it was still hard to fight four opponents with only two hands. If he only needed to fight the Single-horned Spirit Rhinoceros alone, he wouldn’t be in such a disadvantageous situation at all. Unfortunately, right now there were so many beasts joining the battle and all of them had become the Single-horned Spirit Rhinoceros’s helpers. That was why the Divine Pangolin was pushed into a deep pit.
Every beast was very well-aware of their current situation. They would not simply put themselves into a crisis. With more time, the Single-horned Spirit Rhinoceros would definitely be able to eliminate the Divine Pangolin, and this proved that they did not make a wrong choice to side with the Single-horned Spirit Rhinoceros. If they made a wrong decision at the beginning, death would await them.
The Divine Pangolin was covered with injuries all over despite his enormous physique and strong defensive strength. However, the Single-horned Spirit Rhinoceros was here with his horn and his overbearingness was irresistible. Under the joint attack, the Divine Pangolin started being exhausted. Without the Single-horned Spirit Rhinoceros, the other beasts actually could not really strike any destructive attack to the Divine Pangolin. If the Single-horned Spirit Rhinoceros did not play out his trump cards, none of the beasts would be able to confront the Divine Pangolin.
Looking at how the Divine Pangolin struggled and was being badly injured, Jiang Chen’s face looked solemn. Then, he shouted:
“Master Divine Pangolin, the Immortal Grade Divine Pill can help you to recover your strength.”
His shout brought some kind of hope to the Divine Pangolin. Immediately, he ate the Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pill that Jiang Chen gave. Indeed, his strength recovered back to the peak. At the moment, his strength was fully recovered and he began to counterattack vigorously.
Before that, the Divine Pagonlin was exhausted under the great suppression. That was why he fell into a disadvantageous position. Right now, his strength had recovered. Of course, he was unwilling to lose now. Although he might not be a match for all these beasts, he still started striking heavy blows against the opponents.
“The Immortal Grade Divine Pill really has a well-deserved reputation. That made me more curious now. How much Immortal Grade Divine Pills does this guy have?”
The Single-horned Spirit Rhinoceros gave Jiang Chen a gloomy glance.
“Suppress Divine Pangolin for me.”
He shouted loudly and turned around, facing Jiang Chen. He was going to target Jiang Chen this time, his killing intent was filling the air.
Jiang Chen’s countenance fell as he could see that the Single-horned Spirit Rhinoceros was going to have a life-and-death battle with him. The rhinoceros gave up on aiming the Divine Pangolin and set Jiang Chen as his target now. Jiang Chen’s heart stopped beating for a second as he might not be the rhinoceros’s match yet. The rhinoceros was an Early Heavenly God, and a beast like him could shatter mountains and shake the seas. His strength was heavenly oppressive. Jiang Chen was not not confident at all. Moreover, Lang Ya was staring at him at the moment. His current situation was even more dangerous than that of the Divine Pangolin’s.
Although the Divine Pangolin recovered his strength, he still did not have any chance to make a counter-attack under the alliance of the eight beasts. He could only resist their attack and they were neck-and-neck in the battle. Without any way out, he was helpless to save Jiang Chen.
“Seems like you guys are very determined to kill me.”
Jiang Chen said faintly.
“What you said is quite amusing. If we don’t kill you, what will happen? If we don’t do something for ourselves, others are going to kill us. This is just a principle in this world. Hahaha. You should give up, Jiang Chen. Take out all of the divine pills you have, then I might kill you without shattering your body into pieces.”
“It’s useless to speak so much. You ought to know that. Even if I die in the battle, I will not beg you.” Jiang Chen said firmly.
The Single-horned Spirit Rhinoceros then promptly took a step forward without speaking too much. This was the most dreadful part of a beast as they would take action immediately without giving others any chance.
“Sorrow of Unicorn!”
The old rhinoceros soared to the sky and crashed against Jiang Chen. His dreadful horn seemed like it was able to tear heaven and earth apart. It was extraordinarily overbearing.
Jiang Chen was stunned seeing as he might not be able to resist such a powerful strike. With the help of his dragon transformation, he skillfully wielded the Heavenly Dragon Sword to resist Single-horned Spirit Rhinoceros’s attack.
The Sorrow of Unicorn was more dreadful than he expected. When the Heavenly Dragon Sword crashed with the Rhinoceros’s horn, its terrifying strength almost numbed his arms through his sword. Jiang Chen’s countenance fell and he was repulsed. Although the Sword of Solitude was casted, it did not help him much. The Sorrow of Unicorn was irresistible.
Jiang Chen had no way to escape, so he could only casted the Great Void Technique to dodge the attack. However, Lang Ya was approaching him at the moment, and then used the Heavenly Shaking Cauldron to hit him and pushed him into the dead end.
Jiang Chen was repulsed once again, he’s cornered. At the moment, he had lost all of his way out. The Single-horned Spirit Rhinoceros’s Sorrow of Unicorn had injured him severely. Despite Great Void Technique, he was still injured by the strength of the Sorrow of Unicorn because, after all, there was a huge gap between their cultivation realms. Since the very beginning, Jiang Chen already knew that he was not a match for the Single-horned Spirit Rhinoceros.
However, Jiang Chen actually still had a trump card with him. If the Fire Qilin was here, he would definitely not be afraid of the Single-horned Spirit Rhinoceros. Provided that he had broken through the Heavenly God Realm, yet he was still deep cultivation right now. That was why Jiang Chen did not wake him. Even if he woke Fire Qi Lin up, he would not be able to help without being at the Heavenly God Realm.
The Single-horned Spirit Rhinoceros continued striking Jiang Chen fiercely. Jiang Chen was indeed not a match for him. Although the Single-horned Spirit Rhinoceros had already used quite some energy when fighting with Divine Pangolin, his true strength had actually not been used at all. That was why he could fight Jiang Chen effortlessly.
Jiang Chen right now was in a great crisis, his situation was now more dangerous than the Divine Pangolin’s as Lang Ya joined hands with the Single-horned Spirit Rhinoceros.
No one understood how great the pressure Jiang Chen was bearing right now. The Single-horned Spirit Rhinoceros only launched three strikes to push Jiang Chen into this predicament. The twelve Fire God Guard managed to besiege Lang Ya but they were unable to stop his Heavenly Shaking Cauldron from attacking Jiang Chen. The Cauldron fell down from the heaven, pressing against Jiang Chen and injuring his back badly. He was in a situation where he was only being attacked continuously. There was no way for him to turn the tide. Not at all!
Jiang Chen wielded his sword despite being attacked. His imposing manner remained vigorous. Although he was injured now, he had not even frown on his forehead at all. The most terrifying part was that his breath did not become weaker at all despite his injuries. Even though he was only an Early True God, he did now show any fear in the face of an Early Heavenly God.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2373 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2374


Chapter 2374
Forced into a Land of Death
“Although we have different stands, this guy is indeed admirable. Even the both of us don’t have such courage to challenge the formidable Single-horned Spirit Rhinoceros alone.” Xu Jin said in a profound way.
Jiang Chen’s cultivation realm was truly low, however, he had gained Xu Jin’s respect because of his guts. Moreover, Jiang Chen was still able to remain calm and confident under the joint attack of Lang Ya and the Single-horned Spirit Rhinoceros. Although there was no hope for him in winning the battle, his imposing manner remained strong and irresistible.
“That’s right. However, people like him are doomed to die young. Brave yet don’t know how to be humble. Even if he is a genius, so what? In front of absolute strength, all kinds of tricks are mundane. Before truly becoming an expert, he is still only a lake dragon in the water that doesn’t have any oppressive claws. Death will be his fate and he deserves all of the consequences.”
Yang Mingcheng also quite admired Jiang Chen, but only a true expert who could get through all the obstacles deserved everyone’s respect. It’s not easy. Jiang Chen had not become a true expert yet, but he already looked down upon these monstrous geniuses. The consequences he had to suffer definitely will not be very good.
As soon as Yang Mingcheng finished his words, Jiang Chen was once again repulsed by Lang Ya and the Single-horned Spirit Rhinoceros. He was pushed back a thousand metres away, near the exit of the cave. Again, the Single-horned Spirit Rhinoceros made another heavy strike, defeating the twelve Fire God Guards immediately. His terrifying Heavenly God Realm combat strength was unparalleled!
Jiang Chen was not excluded from the attack. After being injured by the Single-horned Spirit Rhinoceros severely just now, he had no strength to fight anymore.
Jiang Chen spit out a mouthful of blood and his face looked extremely pale.
“No way. If we continue to remain idle and don’t offer any help, we are really lacking humanity. I am not going to flinch in this battle. Our lives were saved by Jiang Chen. Right now, Jiang Chen is in deep trouble, how could we just sit still and do nothing?”
Yang Jian roared in rage and lunged towards Lang Ya.
“Yang Jian, you are finding trouble for yourself!”
Leng Lingyi sighed. It was not difficult to deal with Lang Ya as they had many people with them. So they might not need to be afraid of him. However, the Heavenly God Realm Single-horned Spirit Rhinoceros was peerless. It was like an omnipotent existence.
“Seems like you have been defeated.”
The Single-horned Spirit Rhinoceros looked at Jiang Chen in disdain. He scorned Jiang Chen who was just a lowly human. Jiang Chen was not qualified to fight him.
“Haha. Where are you going to hide now? No one will come to save you.” Lang Ya laughed coldly and said.
R
“Yang Jian is here.”
Holding his double-edged sword, Yang Jian crashed into the battlefield. Lang Ya gave a contemptuous glance to Yang Jian and used his Heavenly Shaking Cauldron against him. Yang Jian continued to fight with Lang Ya, however he was eventually suppressed by Lang Ya after a while. A strong attack from the Heavenly Shaking Cauldron knocked Yang Jian off.
Jiang Chen squinted his eyes and stared at Lang Ya without blinking.
“You’re courting death!”
Jiang Chen’s voice was like a call from the hell that made Lang Ya shiver for a second. However, Jiang Chen could not even secure himself rightnow, how could he still have the mood to care about others.
“Give me your divine pills then I will let you die with an intact body.’
What the Single-horned Spirit Rhinoceros cared the most was Jiang Chen’s divine pills.
“I would rather give them to a dog than give them to you.”
Jiang Chen smiled faintly at this moment and turned around, withdrawing himself to the entrance of the Black Cave.
“Foolish human.”
The Single-horned Spirit Rhinoceros said ruthlessly. Blood was dripping deep inside his heart at this moment. Jiang Chen must have numerous Immortal Grade Divine Pills with him because he just gave each of the four beasts a piece of the Immortal Grade Divine Pill. He must have a lot of treasure with him.
Unfortunately, those treasures were going to be buried in the Earthly Hades Sacred Mountain forever.
This was because entering the grand valley of the Earthly Hades Sacred Mountain was equivalent to death. There would be no chance to live.
“No!”
Liu Quanchao and others’ countenance fell. That was truly a land of death.Whoever entered the Sacred Mountain, his soul would be shattered. It was not only a legend. No one had ever walked out from there. It was an existence that was like a black hole that engulfed the heavens and earth. It was full of perils and it was like a curse that no one could break.
“Jiang Chen!”
Yang Jian was terrified and his heart was broken. He was a man who valued friendship greatly. He had even gone through many crises with Jiang Chen together and was saved by Jiang Chen numerous times. The brotherhood and friendship between Jiang Chen and Yang Jian was indescribable.
At this moment, looking at Jiang Chen stepping into the Sacred Mountain Black Cave, his face became as gloomy as a coal.
Leng Lingyi and Pan Hong immediately pulled Yang Jian back while Lang Ya and the Single-horned Spirit Rhinoceros did not expect that Jiang Chen would choose to enter the grand valley of the Earthly Hades Sacred Mountain. That was a place devoid of life . Soon , the Earthly Hades Sacred Mountain would close up again. Even if Jiang Chen did not die inside, he would be squashed by the Earthly Hades Sacred Mountain.
Moreover, that place was sealed with a permanent curse. Whoever entered the grand valley and whoever looked for the source of the spiritual spring would certainly die.
“A bunch of incapable guys. You guys are responsible for Jiang Chen’s death as well.” Yang Jian said while gritting his teeth.
“The situation suddenly changed. We are not the Single-horned Spirit Rhinoceros’s match at all. It’s tricky enough for us to deal with Lang Ya. We can only sit here and look for any opportunity right now. Do you think that we feel good after all of these happened? Jiang Chen has saved our lives before, but if we go out right now, we are only looking for death ourselves. I think Jiang Chen would not be happy to see this as well.”
Liu Quanchao said softly, his face was filled with sorrow.
Lang Ya finally looked calm right now because Jiang Chen’s death was good to him. He did not need to worry anymore in the future.
“I will be back again. I will definitely be back.”
Jiang Chen shouted loudly and his voice echoed within the grand valley. He dissapeared in the black cave, the echo was heard by others as the last voice he left before he vanished from their sight.
Yang Jian, Pan Hong and others were incomparably sorrowful but their cultivation realm was too weak. They could not do anything to help at all. They could only look at Jiang Chen walk into the place of death silently. Yang Jian was heart broken.
“Brother Jiang, we are going to avenge you!”
Liu Quanchao gripped his fists tightly. Right now, the Divine Pangolin’s situation was the most dangerous one. Everything seemed to be over soon. Once the Divine Pangolin fell, the entire Nine Dragon Cave would be turned around.
“There are many people hiding in the dark. Master Spirit Rhinoceros, we have to kill them all now, otherwise, they would be our disaster in the future.”
Lang Ya said in a low voice.
The Single-horned Spirit Rhinoceros gave Lang Ya a glance and said faintly:
“They should be your disaster, I guess.”
“Whatever. As beasts, you all do have dignity. Take your Immortal Grade Divine Pills as I do owe a favour for you.
Lang Ya was thrilled and his face suddenly looked gentle. He guessed that everyone here would be killed by the Single-horned Spirit Rhinoceros soon.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2374 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2375


Chapter 2375
Five Elemental Trigram Fire Formation
The dark grand valley was filled with a deep and strange atmosphere. The sounds of running water filled the entire valley and Jiang Chen felt that the sounds were hitting his heart.
The surrounding place was full of cliffs, stalactites and gullies. The air was freezing and gloomy. When Jiang Chen took a step forward, he was chilled and found the coldness unbearable for ordinary people.
Jiang Chen had thought of leaving the place, but then he would be attacked by the Heavenly God Realm beasts. Jiang Chen would have no way to escape from their attacks, that was why he chose to enter the grand valley to discover something more. The spiritual water flowed out from here, but no one was able to find its source. This was because none of the people who had entered the grand valley of the Earthly Hades Sacred Mountain was able to walk out alive.
This was like a curse. Although the Divine Pangolin and the Single-horned Spirit Rhinoceros were formidable Heavenly God Realm beasts, they had never thought of stepping into the grand valley because they could strongly sense the dreadfulness of the place. The fear of the grand valley had been instilled into everyone’s heart for a long long time. That was why everyone was curious about it, but none of them dared to step into it. The grand valley had represented the land of death that was full of perils. That was why when Jiang Chen stepped into the valley, Lang Ya and the Single-horned Spirit Rhinoceros chose to be silent. Stepping into the valley had meant Jiang Chen’s death.
While walking, Jiang Chen discovered that water was flowing through the valley but he did not know where the water came from. The surrounding cliff wall was about a hundred metres high and stalactites were present on each side of the walls. The stones under his foot were also very sharp. Jiang Chen could only wade across the stream by feeling his way because he did not know what would happen with his next step. Where would the grand valley lead him to? He did not know, so he dared not to be careless.
He understood that the level of danger here was out of his estimation. Although he was confident, he was not conceited. He believed that those who had entered here to look for the source of the spiritual water were definitely stronger than him. However, wasn’t their end the same? They had all died. He was extremely careful as it was better safe than sorry.
After walking for a long time, he finally felt that the place had become brighter because the surrounding area was full of white cold ice. It was also filled with gemstones of different colours that give off the brilliance and lightened up the entire grand valley.
It was freezing. If Jiang Chen did not have the Five Elemental True Fire to protect him, he wouldn’t have been able to walk this far. At this frozen place, he had seen hundreds and thousands of bones and corpses. These corpses had all shrunk which meant that most of them died of frost.
This showed that this place was not a joke. Without the Five Elemental True Fire, Jiang Chen knew that his situation would be extremely dangerous. The cold here was able to sting into one’s bones. Jiang Chen was very careful with each step he took and observed the surroundings very carefully.
He did not know how long had passed. Jiang Chen felt that there was no end in the grand valley. Since he had walked for so long, it meant that maybe he had already come to the bottom of the valley.
Other than corpses and bones, Jiang Chen could also see many ruined divine tools around and some terrifying beast corpses. The sound of running water still echoed round the valley, but Jiang Chen could not find the source of the spiritual water at all. Jiang Chen was well-aware that if it was so easy to find it, its location would’ve been revealed in the world earlier. Right now, whether the source of the spiritual water existed or not was an unknown.
“This is a bottomless black hole. If I continue to walk like this, I really have no idea how long I have to walk.”
Jiang Chen murmured. The deeper Jiang Chen walked, the more he felt terrified. Jiang Chen was not afraid of this, but he felt a sense of pressure. This bottomless valley was so deep, no one knew how deep it was. The stalactites on the walls condensed with the ice and snow, emitting glowing light.
Between the stalactites and the snow, Jiang Chen unexpectedly saw a silhouette. It was a black human shadow, and a terrifyingly huge black eagle. Were they human or beasts who had been here?
Buzz..
Buzz…
A sharp sound came out. Jiang Chen squinted his eyes and looked forward. There were two icy beetles that were around two metres tall. They were much taller than Jiang Chen and he had never seen such dreadful icy beetles before. Wasn’t beetles only the size of a finger normally? Why would they be so huge?
While Jiang Chen was still in his amazement, the two icy beetles lunged into Jiang Chen and started their attack. The icy bettles struck an attack quickly and their labrum were as sharp as a knife. They were biting towards Jiang Chen and Jiang Chen immediately withdrew himself. He immediately drew out his sword and cleaved them into half. However, Jiang Chen could feel that the air had become colder and his blood was almost frozen.
“These icy beetles were almost at the Late True God Realm.”
Jiang Chen became more solemn now because these icy beetles generally lived in groups and they wouldn’t take action alone.
“Buzz! Buzz!”
The buzzing sound was heard again and Jiang Chen turned his head around and saw hundreds and thousands of icy beetles running into his back. Hundreds and thousands of icy beetles were sweeping across the grand valley at the moment. His face suddenly became green as what he was really worried about suddenly came true.
These icy beetles were even scarier than the flesh-eating ants because wherever they passed by would become barren. Their destructiveness was stronger than the flesh-eating ants. Jiang Chen had no idea if these beetles were moving their habitat or actually coming for him. When the beetles passed by, the ice on the cliff wall and even the black shadow in the ice were also devoured by those beetles.
It’s terrifying and Jiang Chen could feel the dreadfulness.
Holding his Heavenly Dragon Sword, Jiang Chen was running and retreating himself. However, the beetles’ speed completely surpassed his running speed. The imposing manner they released was like devouring Jiang Chen. Jiang Chen held the Heavenly Dragon Sword and swept across all of them in all directions. More than ten icy beetles were shattered immediately. However, as soon as the ten icy beetles were killed, hundreds and thousands of icy beetles flooded into the place again.
Jiang Chen’s imposing manner was dreadful and each of his strikes was ruthless. The Heavenly Dragon Sword was also formidable but it was unable to kill all of the icy beetles. In less than fifteen minutes, Jiang Chen could feel that more than a thousand icy beetles had died in his hand. However, there were still many many icy beetles that continued to rush into him. Jiang Chen did not know where these countless beetles came from. He was running out of options to kill them. Even though he had killed thousands of beetles, it was to no avail as he was unable to finish them all.
“Bastard.”
At this moment, Jiang Chen finally understood why so many experts were unable to walk out of the grand valley alive. A Divine King would also die of exhaustion killing these icy beetles.
The pressure Jiang Chen felt became stronger and stronger and the space he stood became smaller as the icy beetles were slowly invading his space.
“Mother f*cker. I am going to fight with you bastards with my life.”
Jiang Chen roared in rage, sweeping across in all directions with his sword. More than a hundred beetles were killed this time. A second later, Jiang Chen casted a formation.
“Five Elemental Trigram Fire Formation!”
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2375 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2376


Chapter 2376
His limelight, stolen
The Five Elemental True Fire surrounded Jiang Chen. The Five Elemental Trigram Fire Formation was something he gained from the No Beginning Formation. It was initially an Elementary Grade Formation but it’s now a Mid Grade Formation after he injected his own Five Elemental True Fire into the formation.
Jiang Chen controlled the Five Elemental Trigram Fire Formation and the Ice Beetles started melting due to the flame. The beetles did not realise the heat that was coming from the formation and crumbled before it.
An hour later, countless beetles melted in the face of the Five Elemental Trigram Fire Formation.
Jiang Chen calmly controlled the Five Elemental Trigram Fire Formation from the centre. The core of the formation was the Five Elemental True Fire, a defensive class formation but when injected with Jiang Chen’s flame, it was the bane of the Ice Beetles.
But the beetles were fearless, they continuously ram upon the Five Elemental Trigram Fire Formation. Jiang Chen, who was in the centre, was pressured in the face of millions of beetles crashing on his formation. The formation was starting to crack and his stamina was being eaten quickly. Luckily, the beetles were finally vanquished after an hour, and he sat down on the floor, panting.
“Motherf*cker, this is tiring.”
F*cking beetles, pretty formidable…
Even a Divine King expert will perish under those beetles, luckily he had the Five Elemental Trigram Fire Formation to protect himself. This giant hole was a deathly place indeed.
Jiang Chen took a breather and rested, he took a Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pill, and continued to push on after he had recovered. Then, he walked for another 36 hours, without even knowing how far he had travelled.
After a while, an Ice Palace appeared in front of him. It was a ten-li large palace and was made entirely by ice, snowflakes falling all over the place. (Elsa’s castle, so to speak)
However, the palace was filled with cracks and was in a bad state. He felt that this palace was not real until he walked closer to it and felt the chilling cold creeping into his body.
There were two guards that were sculpted in ice standing in front of the giant palace. Both wielding a Fangtian Halberd*, looking extremely mighty and dominating while riding on a mighty war horse that was also ice-sculpted.
“Hoh…. to think there’s such a place inside here.”
Jiang Chen was quite shocked from seeing it. To think there was a giant ice palace under this crack. But he could not feel any life force emitting from within, it was an empty palace.
A lonesome palace that stood there after countless years.
A mysterious and dangerous vibe could be felt from the Ice Palace. One could feel the chilling cold creeping up towards the hearts of men.
While Jiang Chen was planning to go inside the palace to check it out, the two ice warriors suddenly moved and waved the halberds in their hand towards the intruder, which was Jiang Chen.
Jiang Chen backed off to fend off the Fangtian Halberds that were falling into him. Sparks were created as the Heavenly Dragon Sword and the halberds clashed. The ice warriors were at the Heavenly God Realm. Jiang Chen’s expression changed drastically as he felt the might behind the blow, he then tried to retreat but was immediately caught up by the ice warriors.
Jiang Chen retreated with difficulty. Even with the help of his trusty blade, he could not gain the upper hand against these warriors, as these mighty warriors were extremely powerful.
“No lifeforce detected, they’re only fighting with their instinct. They’re probably a Heavenly God when they were alive.”
Jiang Chen was feeling pressured as he faced two Heavenly God Realm Ice Warriors that were pushing him to the corner.
“These two must’ve woken up after I tried to enter the palace.”
Jiang Chen unleashed the Five Elemental Trigram Fire Formation again to try and contain the two ice warriors. But the two weren’t easy targets, the Fangtian Halberd kept striking on the formation, causing the formation to crack to the point of collapsing.
“Motherf*cker, both of you shall become the Little Ashura Sword Formation’s testing target.”
Jiang Chen’s eyes became cold and filled with killing intent. As the Heavenly Dragon Sword as the core, and the Meteor and Storm Hammer as the support with the other 108 divine swords as the base, Jiang Chen unleashed a sword formation, the Ghost Prison Ashura Sword Formation, a mini-version of the original formation.
However, when Jiang Chen had just finished deploying his formation, a flame figure blew straight out from the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda. The Fire Qilin had gone through a metamorphosis after he completely absorbed the Heart of Magma. He had achieved the Heavenly God realm. At this moment, Qilin spewed out a flame wave towards the ice warriors. They were instantly engulfed by the flames, and vanished into thin air.
The Fire Qilin changed into his human form, which appears to be a young man wearing a fiery armour, a mark of flame on his forehead, and possessing a clear powerful set of eyes. His pulsating Qilin True Fire could instantly burn everything he wished, which even made Jiang Chen slightly wary of it.
“How is it? This one’s Qilin’s prestige, isn’t I powerful?” The Fire Qilin said with a proud look on his face.
“Your head! You just stole my limelight! I wanted to test the powers of my Little Ashura Sword Formation. You instantly killed off those two ice warriors, what’s left for me?!” Jiang Chen said**.
“Cough Cough, I’m just itching to know how powerful I am. Hahaha! Look at you being stingy, I recall someone being beaten black and blue by these two ice warriors.” Fire Qilin said.
“You pretended to be dead during the most crucial moment. Now, when I wanted to try my hands on the might of the formation, you came out and threw off my plans. I suspect that this is your scheme.” Jiang Chen said as he clenched his teeth.
“With Heaven as my witness, I had no such intention. You’re just weak. You probably couldn’t do anything against me who has reached the Heavenly God realm if I want to kill you. ” Fire Qilin said.
“Alright, since you’re being so sincere about it. Then, you’ll be the testing target for the formation that was prepared for those two ice warriors.” Jiang Chen looked into Fire Qilin’s eyes.
“Very well. Let me see how powerful your Little Ashura Sword Formation is.” Fire Qilin said proudly and confidently, without fear.
An hour later…
“Motherf*cker, you’re a monster. I give up, I give up. My bad, Jiang Chen, Brother Jiang, Lord Jiang, I am in the wrong…”
*The weapon of Lü Bu, said to be the strongest general during the Romance of the Three Kingdoms.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2376 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2377


Chapter 2377
Snow God Spirit Condor Palace
Fire Qilin looked at Jiang Chen in anger with a tinge of fear in his eyes.
“You… how are you so monstrous?!” Fire Qilin shouted.
He finally experienced the terrifying might of the Little Ashura Sword Formation. 108 peak Divine Tools… who’s able to bring out this many arsenals into battle? Only those Grandmaster Alchemist with at least 100,000 years of working tirelessly could possess such things.
Originally, Fire Qilin thought he could bully Jiang Chen a little, but he was beaten black and blue within the Little Ashura Sword Formation. Even with his increased strength after reaching the Heavenly God Realm could do nothing against it.
He once again experienced Jiang Chen’s ferocity and power. Moreover, he felt that Jiang Chen wasn’t using his full strength too, the Heavenly Dragon Sword did not shine as bright as before. He was also curious about the grade of the Heavenly Dragon Sword, as it could control two Heavenly Divine Tools, the Meteor and Storm Hammer, in addition with the other 108 arsenals. A sword formation that was filled with unstoppable murderous intent.
“This is not monstrous. This is pure strength. You reached the Heavenly God realm, so what? You’re still put down by me. Haha.” Jiang Chen said proudly, which pissed Fire Qilin further.
But the fact was that, if Jiang Chen had fully activated the Little Ashura Sword Formation just now, then Fire Qilin would’ve been terribly wounded or probably even be killed by the formation.
“Kid, you’re really powerful… Hmm… this Ice Palace is giving me a weird feeling. Those two Ice Warriors are definitely not at the Heavenly God Realm when they’re still alive. If it wasn’t for ice being weaker than fire, any average Heavenly God will certainly lose against them. ” Fire Qilin said earnestly.
Having forgotten about the fierce battle he had with Jiang Chen, he now clearly felt the danger of this place hold.
“I have a hunch… this place is not as peaceful as it seems. Let’s leave, quickly.” Fire Qilin said quietly as he reminded Jiang Chen.
Fire Qilin’s hair was standing as he sensed something terrible within the place. He did not dare to take another step forward. It came from something deep within his soul.
“Since when did you become so scared? Where did your previous arrogance go to? Those two ice warriors were target practice for you, right? How come you’re scared now?” Jiang Chen said with a smile.
But Fire Qilin was still wearing the same serious expression, that young face of his was full of seriousness.
“I’m not joking. Jiang Chen, there’s probably something in there that both of us can’t handle. Let’s leave.” Fire Qilin suggested again and again.
But Jiang Chen’s curiosity was stronger than ever, the harder Fire Qilin warned him about not entering, the stronger his curiosity became. What could be in there that scared Fire Qilin this much? Jiang Chen had always been a fearless person. Now that he’s seen the Ice Palace, he will certainly not leave empty-handed. Plus, he will not stop without finding where the source of the spiritual water is.
“I am THAT hard-headed. Haha. This Ice Palace is right in front of us. Do you think I will back off now? ” Jiang Chen smiled.
“Are you looking to die? Even though I am also as curious as you are, do you think I am as reckless as you? There’s something unspeakable there. We’re digging our own graves if we prod recklessly. Haih, what do I need to say for you to believe me? Us, divine beasts have great senses, I am sure that there’s something inside that is far out of our reach. This is no simple ice palace, countless ice-sculptures… Why don’t you try and break this icy city with your own strength and see for yourself?” Fire Qilin said.
His words reminded Jiang Chen. Jiang Chen then unleashed two palm strikes on the ice palace. As predicted, he could not break the palace’s defences. The average looking palace was surprisingly sturdy.
Jiang Chen frowned and was feeling more interested and curious about this palace, however, Fire Qilin was right too. But it did not stop him from going forward, as it was not in his nature.
“How is it? You finally know how dangerous this place is, right? Sometimes, it’s not cowardly to back off. Otherwise, you may lose your only life. Heh.” Fire Qilin chuckled.
Jiang Chen rushed into the city, there wasn’t anyone stopping them now. The outer wall of the palace was smooth like pure jade. The whole city was majestic, even though it was in tatters it was still majestic nonetheless. This place must have been great when it is in its perfect condition.
The ice path below them could perfectly reflect their faces, their expression. It was even clearer than a mirror, yet this rugged, shattered, broken icy city gives off a cold murderous vibe.
Jiang Chen walked into the silent city, the air inside the city was cold and calm, peaceful even… Totally different from outside of the city. It’s like bathing under a warm sun. However, that feeling suddenly vanished, a chilling cold air came running towards them and engulfed their whole body.
The chilling air inside the city could even freeze the bone marrow.
“Motherf*cker. This is f*cking cold! I could’ve frozen to death if it weren’t for my Qilin True Fire.” Fire Qilin shouted.
He followed Jiang Chen after shouting.
“Didn’t you say you’re not coming no matter what?” Jiang Chen smiled and asked.
“Chet. Did you think that I, Fire Qilin, as one of those beasts that don’t value camaraderie? I would have to take care of your corpse even if you died. Let’s go, let us see what lies within this city. ” Fire Qilin said impatiently.
However, Jiang Chen felt that this fella was not as heartless as it seems, Fire Qilin was just worried about the dangers that he might encounter within the icy city. It’ll be heartless of him if Fire Qilin were to leave Jiang Chen alone. Plus, Fire Qilin benefited from the Heart of Magma and the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda. A beast values camaraderie more than humans.
Fire Qilin walked behind Jiang Chen and entered the largest palace within the icy city. It was a majestic palace, a one-of-a-kind structure.
“Snow God Spirit Condor Palace,” Jiang Chen looked at that tall ice-carved plaque and murmured.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2377 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2378


Chapter 2378
Ice and Snow Reverends
“Snow God Spirit Condor Palace, I’ve heard of this name before.” The Fire Qilin frowned.
“You heard of it?”
“It’s in my inheritance memory, it’s vague… it’s the Snow God Dojo, a great ancient god’s cultivation place.” Fire Qilin said.
Looks like Fire Qilin could not recall any more memories from his inheritance. After all, this Fire Qilin has only started cultivating for a few hundred years as can be seen by his youthful frowning face.
“Be careful!” Fire Qilin shouted.
Three arrows of ice flew past Jiang Chen’s back, nearly cutting off his ear as he evaded the arrows. He gasped in surprise, as those arrows were silent, fast and powerful. Jiang Chen would’ve been pierced by those arrows if it weren’t for Fire Qilin.
Two warriors appeared in front of them donning icy amours and long spears.
“Powerful!” Fire Qilin commented.
And behind the two spearmen, three archers were spotted.
“Ice Reverends! Are you kidding me? These fellas were Hierarchs when they were alive!” Fire Qilin shivered.
Their strength was nothing to scoff at even if they’ve died countless years ago.
Jiang Chen spotted something on the spearman’s ice armour, Ice Reverend and Scholar Reverend!
“God damn it.” Jiang Chen sighed.
“I am Ice Reverend, I fight for the glory of the Northern Gods! All trespassers shall die!”
“I am Snow Reverend, I fight for the glory of the Northern Gods! All trespassers shall die!”
Snow Reverend and Ice Reverend said in unison as they readied their stance with the spears, pointing towards Jiang Chen and Fire Qilin.
“Looks like you’ll have to fight seriously. I believe you can do it. Since your Qilin True Fire could easily put them down.”
“What about you? Don’t you have the Five Elemental True Fire?” Fire Qilin said unhappily.
“I am too weak, you’re already a Heavenly God. Work your worth. For the sake of our glory. I’ll deal with the three archers behind them.” Jiang Chen said with a smile.
Those three archers were not weak, but with Jiang Chen’s Five Elemental True Fire, he could easily defend himself with it.
Fire Qilin rushed towards those two reverends. But the two, who were each on par with Fire Qilin, did not feel like the ones defending the gates.
“These two are like cockroaches, they’re already dead for god knows how many years, yet they’re still sturdy. If any other person were to fight them, they’ll be frozen to death.” Fire Qilin said smugly.
Fire best ice. Otherwise, Fire Qilin could definitely not fight on par against these two Hierarch puppets for so long.
The reverends attacked Fire Qilin with their spears without holding back, in which the latter would’ve instantly died if the reverends were at their prime. But now, they only retained a small amount of consciousness within their bodies. Only a shred of their will kept their bodies moving.
Yet, they were still powerful nevertheless. Even though their attack pattern was simple, the power behind it was not to be taken lightly.
The archers kept on firing swift and powerful arrows behind as Jiang Chen closed the distance between them. He unleashed the Five Elemental Trigram Fire Formation to protect himself, and the Great Void Technique and the Azure Dragon’s Five Steps to reach the archers. The ice arrows could not get near its body as it melted before reaching its target.
Jiang Chen moved towards his destination with confidence; flames sprouted wherever his blades cut.
Jiang Chen roared and unleashed the Three Thousand Flames Dragon Seal towards the archers, causing those ice-made archers to instantly melt into water.
Fire Qilin finally started to feel tired after a while as those two were really strong, Jiang Chen’s expression changed after seeing his companion getting pushed back.
He then joined into the fray and launched two Three Thousand Flames Dragon Seal towards those reverends. Yet they were only pushed back with no real harm done, they then proceeded to rush towards their enemies without fear after stabilizing their bodies.
Jiang Chen and Fire Qilin joined hands together and were able to suppress the charge of the reverends. With the help of the Five Elemental Trigram Fire Formation, Fire Qilin’s power was boosted and both of them managed to push the reverends back, the ice crystals surrounding their armours were starting to melt.
“Die! Qilin Saint Fire, melting everything under the Heavens!” Fire Qilin spewed out powerful hot flames with the help of the Five Elemental Trigram Fire Formation.
The two reverends were trapped and their ice-made spears finally melted, the lingering wills that were within their bodies were also starting to crumble.
“Perish! May your soul rest in peace.”
Jiang Chen once again unleashed the might of the Five Elemental True Fire that was on par against the Qilin Saint Fire, causing the reverends to slowly melt into nothingness within the Five Elemental Trigram Fire Formation.
Fire Qilin breathe out a sigh of relief and said:
“Damn they’re persistent, we’re considered to be lucky, others would’ve died under their spears.”
Surely enough, a lingering will of a Hierarch could easily kill countless people.
A gate that was made from ice appeared at the end of the palace. It was sturdy without beautiful carvings on it. It looked simple, and droplets of water could be seen dropping behind the gate.
“A thick smell that comes from the spiritual water, could that be the source?” Fire Qilin gasped as he gazes at the gate.
However, heavy pressure could be felt behind that very gate. At this moment, Jiang Chen fell into silence, he does not know what would happen if that gate were to be opened.
“Most probably,” Jiang Chen said.
He looked at that ice gate seriously. A powerful being must be behind that gate, but he’s willing to check it out, one could not leave such a place without getting their hands on the treasure that lies within this place.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2378 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2379


Chapter 2379
Ice Throne
Jiang Chen looked at the Fire Qilin and nodded heavily. The latter also gave Jiang Chen a confident gaze.
Jiang Chen stepped forward and punched the ice gate, causing the gate to slowly open. A grand hall that was a thousand meters wide was behind the gate. The hall was covered with mountains of skeletons. At the end of those skeletons, a throne could be seen. An endless shrill and spooky sigh reverberated the hall, giving off a depressing feel.
Ancient heroes, bloody tears flowed through the borders, painting the walls of the cities; the eternal souls of the heroes lie asleep in this icy plain.
“Holy sh*t. How many people have died here? Plus, these skeletons still remained intact after so long. These experts must be at least at the Heavenly God Realm and above, Divine Kings… ” The Fire Qilin’s expression slightly changed.
He too could not control his emotions, the pressure within the hall thinned the air around them, as if the surrounding air was flattening him.. However, he chose to stay silent about it. Whereas Jiang Chen, who was an Early True God, looked as if nothing was bothering him.
Jiang Chen felt somewhat sad from the mood within the hall. It came from deep within his heart. As if he was sad for these heroes, as if he could see himself amongst them, it was a weird and unclear feeling. Jiang Chen’s eyes suddenly became clear as there were two things that attracted his attention.
An ice block that was a zhang in size. But it wasn’t really a block of ice. Because a human figure could be seen within the transparent block of ice.
This person’s eyes were closed and it wore a white robe. The face and expression could be said to be extraordinary, just like a pure jade, one that could destroy countries with its appearance, yet one could not determine whether it’s a male or a female. But from the looks of it, the person inside looked like it had died countless years ago.
The other thing was the ice throne that was beside the ice block. It looked the same as the bronze throne in his hands. That ice throne must be something special.
“These people died so many years ago, frozen solid in this ice palace, yet their corpse and skeletons still remained in this place, it’s a pretty good deal. Hehe,” the Fire Qilin smiled.
“This ice throne feels familiar… ” Jiang Chen murmured.
The instant Jiang Chen’s hand touched the throne, a powerful wave suddenly burst out from it, causing Jiang Chen and the Fire Qilin to be sent flying away from the force. Both of their expressions changed drastically, and they then immediately steadied their stance.
*Cough!*
Jiang Chen coughed out blood. At that moment, the ice block flew by itself and rammed towards the ice throne. The ice throne also moved at the same time. Both of those objects suddenly fought against each other.
Jiang Chen and the Fire Qilin were dumbfounded by the sight of both items continuing to ram against each other furiously. The force of their collision was very devastating. Jiang Chen felt that these two items were definitely unmatched in the world. However, these items have weird ‘behaviour’, as both of them were against one another.
There are Qi in the heavens, gods and ghosts have soul, everything under this heaven has a spirit. These two items were obviously living, a spiritual treasure. Jiang Chen and the Fire Qilin were nervous while watching the two treasures clashing against one another. The power behind their clash wasn’t weak, as they managed to shatter the void, even Jiang Chen wouldn’t be able to do it yet. He could tear the void apart with the Great Void Technique but he could not shatter the void yet.
Jiang Chen was extremely curious about both of those treasures but he could not get near them.
“Why are you attacking me?”
The ice throne suddenly voiced out, causing Jiang Chen and the Fire Qilin to be startled.
“I don’t know, I don’t know……” The ice block sang.
These two items were fighting with just their intent but were able to unleash such destructive power. Jiang Chen knew that this force was created by something more powerful than a Divine King.
The Fire Qilin who was on the side wore a solemn expression, he was shocked by the clash between those two treasures. There wasn’t anything related to this or something close to this within his inheritance memories.
“This ice block and ice throne are monstrous,” the Fire Qilin murmured.
“Agreed. Their consciousness must have been naturally born after many years, and was not given to them by their makers. Unfortunately, we don’t know what kind of spiritual treasures they are. I hope their battle will not affect us.” Jiang Chen said quietly.
He didn’t know what the two spiritual treasures problems were. He does not know whether this ice throne had any relationship with the bronze throne he possessed.
“Who are you? Who are you?” A hoarse voice shouted from the throne with anger.
Because it did not know what or who was attacking him. The treasure did not know its own identity. Yet it possesses such strength. Jiang Chen felt something familiar as these items clashed.
The ice throne and ice block kept on ramming against each other, causing the void to shatter. However, the whole space did not collapse as the energy was all diverted inside the void. Jiang Chen thought, could the ice block be controlled by the white-robed person? But he couldn’t identify whether it’s male or female and why was he/she inside.
The void shattered from the battle between the ice block and ice throne. Yet, the two ice-made objects were undamaged.
“I do not know, who am I, who am I……” The ice block’s voice was extremely low.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2379 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2380


Chapter 2380
Who am I……
“You… the one frozen inside the ice, are you the immemorial one?”
“Immemorial… It’s so far away, such an ancient existence. Is King Beidou still alive? Is the Lord of Bewilderment still alive? Is the Heavenly… Heavenly Dao that person?” The ice block replied, sometimes coarse, sometimes confused.
“Looks like I am the ice throne of the Destructive Ice God. I refuse to believe that I would lose to a mere piece of ice, are you the spiritual essence of the one within the ice?”
“I do not know, I don’t know……”
Their clashing continued, and Jiang Chen was bewildered by the situation as he could not get close to the both of them.
“Can you hear their conversations? What did they say?” Jiang Chen asked.
King Beidou, Lord of Bewilderment and the Heavenly Dao, who are they? He didn’t know, because these things are probably unknown even in the Divine World.
“Since when did they talk? Aren’t they fighting against each other?” the Fire Qilin said.
Jiang Chen was startled by the Qilin’s reply. The Qilin can only see them fighting but cannot hear what they’re talking about? Another question popped out in Jiang Chen’s mind. Why could he hear them?
“I can hear them conversing against each other.” Jiang Chen said.
“What? You’re saying that those two spiritual beings are fighting and conversing against one another?” The Fire Qilin was confused by Jiang Chen’s words.
Myriads of mysterious and unknown things exist under the heavens. The secrets within the Ice Palace went way above their imaginations. They were only here to look for the source of the spiritual water, but they found two extremely mysterious treasures instead.
“Yes. However, their consciousness is somewhat in a confused state. Especially that block of ice, it doesn’t look like the one within the ice is controlling it, because the other doesn’t have any signs of being alive.”
If anyone heard what Jiang Chen was saying, they would’ve thought he had gone mad. However, the Qilin’s memory has something with regards to this, everything under the heavens has a spirit. A high-grade medicinal pill has a pill spirit, a high-grade divine tool has a tool spirit.
“Looks like those two things are something way above our current abilities. ” The Fire Qilin said quietly.
Even though his memories were in pieces, his inheritance should at least tell him what those two things were.
“Why can’t I hear them?” The Fire Qilin looked at Jiang Chen.
If it wasn’t for him having complete confidence towards Jiang Chen, he would’ve thought he’s bullshitting him.
“I don’t know.” Jiang Chen shook his head.
The two treasures were closing towards where they were standing as they were chatting. The Qilin quickly retreated but Jiang Chen wasn’t lucky as the throne was coming towards him, and he’d surely die if the throne really landed on him. At this moment, he quickly summoned the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda to protect himself, yet, he was still pushed back by the force and the pagoda shook from the powerful clash.
On the 66th floor of the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda, an old, mighty figure appeared. At this moment, his expression was extremely solemn and somewhat afraid.
“What is this? That person looks like he’s from the Immemorial Era.” The old man frowned.
The one inside the ice block must be extraordinary as the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda was even afraid of it, that ice throne must not be simple too.
“The ice throne of the Destructive Ice God? Truly domineering. Even though the Destructive Ice God has already died thousands upon thousands of years ago, his ice throne is still powerful. Who is the one residing inside the ice block? ” The old man murmured.
However, he could not leave the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda. Unless the 99th floor of the pagoda was unlocked, only then could he possibly regain his body. But it’s not easy to reach that level.
The old man looked at Jiang Chen with a sigh and helplessness. Even though this kid is talented, he’ll need to reach the Divine Emperor Realm to open up the 99th floor of the pagoda. Nobody has ever reached that level in the Divine World after so long, however. The youngest Divine Emperor attained that level at the age of 270,000 years old.
“Just like the old tortoise said, nothing is permanent in the Heavenly Dao, lacking only the cycle of reincarnation, everything has their own path.” The old man said as he succumbed into deep thought, immersing himself in his memories.
At this moment, the ice throne rammed towards Jiang Chen once again, the void shattered and he received a great shock, and even the pagoda felt like it was getting sucked into the void. Although the pagoda could protect Jiang Chen, it doesn’t mean that it won’t take any damage from it.
*Bang!*
The ice block and the ice throne clashed. This time, the ice throne was pushed back several hundred meters and the ice block was guarding in front of Jiang Chen.
Jiang Chen looked at the person within the ice, one that has been dead for god knows how many years. But at this moment, Jiang Chen felt like the ice block was trying to protect him as it pushed the ice throne away from him.
“The one within the ice, the one within the ice, why is there such pain within my heart?” Jiang Chen murmured.
As he gazed at the person within the ice, his heart suddenly started to feel pain.
“It’s certainly a person from the Immemorial Era, it’s a prohibition, the Nine Tranquil Prohibition!”
In the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda, the old man said in a shock. Then, he became silent and disappeared, because he could not materialize for too long due to the pagoda’s condition. It was extremely lucky for him to be even awoken in the first place.
Jiang Chen stared at the person within the ice, and the pain within his heart suddenly vanished without a trace. The curiosity he had towards the person grew. But the throne came rushing towards him once again. The clash between these two treasures has put Jiang Chen and the Qilin towards a dangerous situation.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2380 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2381


Chapter 2381
Heavenly Cauldron Shakes the Universe
“Find a solution faster, Jiang Chen.”
Fire Qi Lin said in a bitter way.
“Why don’t you try to think too? If I have the solution, why would I sit here and wait for death? If that piece of ice did not save me just now, I think I might have been brought into the void together with the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda. If that happened, we would be in a great crisis. The Pagoda could protect me well, but if I was brought into the void by the Ice Throne, I might not be able to return to the world without the highest realm of the Great Void Technique,” Jiang Chen said while fear was still lingering in his heart.
The Ancestral Dragon Pagoda suffered with great shock as well. However, the Pagoda never had a soul with it. Jiang Chen had been curious about this for a long time because supreme divine tools like it or the Cold Ice Throne should have their own souls.
These two spiritual items were extremely strange. It was Jiang Chen’s first time encountering something like this. In the past, the Pagoda was an omnipotent existence, but today, he realised that there was something that could shake the Ancestral Dragon. He did not know whether it was a good thing or bad, and it made him hesitate.
“Now, I can only try whatever I can think of. I am going to try the Myriad Qi Cauldron and see if I could suppress the two of you.”
Jiang Chen came up with the idea and this would be his last trump card. If the Myriad Qi Cauldron was unable to suppress the two spiritual items, then he had no chance anymore and could only surrender himself to fate. However, Jiang Chen did not like to let his destiny be controlled under others’ hands.
“Heavenly Cauldron shakes the universe!”
Jiang Chen roared in rage.
The Myriad Qi Cauldron stood up with its unparalleled mightiness. At the moment, both the ice block and the Throne were stunned as if the time had been frozen, albeit for a while.
“It worked!”
Fire Qi Lin was thrilled at the moment.
Jiang Chen finally heaved a sigh of relief, seeing that the Myriad Qi Cauldron managed to suppress the Ice Throne. The ice block was unable to resist the Cauldron’s suppression and remained motionless at the same place. Jiang Chen could sense that the ice block was afraid of the Myriad Qi Cauldron even though it did not seem to have any spiritual consciousness.
When Jiang Chen looked at the ice block, the man in it seemed to blink his eyes for a split second. Then, in the next second, everything went back to silence. Although that just happened for a split second, Jiang Chen was still able to catch the scene. Deep in his heart, he hoped that he was seeing things because he felt that that man was even more dreadful than the Ice Throne, even if the ice block had once saved his life.
The Myriad Qi Cauldron was not an ordinary thing as it was the Craftsman God’s most precious treasure. It was not a simple tool, hence Jiang Chen was unable to completely master it yet.
“Such an intense air of spiritual spring.
The Fire Qilin suddenly awakened and took a deep breath. Jiang Chen now only realised that the intense air was around. Furthermore, it was actually released from the ice block. Jiang Chen squinted his eyes as he became even more curious about the ice block and the man now.
He then walked towards the ice block step by step, and then he put his palm on it. However, he noticed that he was unable to melt the ice block at all.
“It’s strange. My divine strength is not able to melt this ice block.”
Jiang Chen said in doubt.
After that, Jiang Chen casted the dreadful Five Elemental True Fire. He was ready to melt the ice block with the fire. Unfortunately, even after some time, the ice block remained in good condition without showing any sign of being melted. Jiang Chen and the Fire Qilin exchanged a glance and their countenance fell.
“It’s strange, isn’t it? Even your Five Elemental True Fire isn’t able to melt the ice?”
Fire Qilin murmured, dumbstruck by this ice block.
“This ice block is definitely not a normal ice. However, even if it is an extreme ice, I don’t believe it would be that difficult to melt.”
Jiang Chen was stubborn, so he continued to use the Five Elemental True Fire to melt the ice block for another hour. But, it did not show any sign of melting, so he finally gave up as he really had no way to deal with the ice block. On the other hand, it seemed like water droplets were falling down from the ice block.
However, Jiang Chen knew that it was not melted by his Five Elemental True Fire. They were the water droplets that flowed down then gradually became a stream flowing afar.
“Now I know that the source of the spiritual spring comes from this ice block. But why couldn’t my Five Elemental True Fire melt it? Its water drops so slowly, I have no idea when would it stop flowing.”
Jiang Chen was enlightened. But why would this ice block so hard? It seemed unrelated to its hardness. This was the first time Jiang Chen saw something that could withstand Five Element True Fire. Ice and fire supposedly went against each other. If Jiang Chen’s Five Elemental True Fire did not work this time, this ice palace must be odd as well.
“If Five Element True Fire doesn’t work, how about the Karmic Fire of Red Lotus?”
Jiang Chen had the idea suddenly, making the corner of his mouth overflow with a smile. If Jiang Chen could find something that could withstand the Karmic Fire of Red Lotus, he would find it really interesting.
“Miss Red Lotus? I found something that you might not be able to melt.”
Jiang Chen said in the Myriad Qi Cauldron, but he did not get any response.
“Miss Red Lotus? I know that you must be listening. My Five Elemental True Fire is an unparalleled existence, but it can’t melt the ice, so I think your Karmic Fire of the Red Lotus would not be able to do it as well, right? Haih. Nevermind, I will find another way. But I think there’s nothing in the world that could melt this ice block. It’s mythical.”
Jiang Chen said sincerely, his words were full of regret.
“There’s nothing under heaven that my Karmic Fire of the Red Lotus could not melt.” Red Lotus said faintly.
Jiang Chen was thrilled because he knew it. He knew that Red Lotus would not be able to resist the temptation. She had self-proclaimed that she had the most powerful fire under heaven and even Jiang Chen’s Five Elemental True Fire could not compare with it. Of course she would definitely be tempted as she had her pride in her heart.
A lady who was wearing red clothes was inside the Myriad Qi Cauldron. Her face was extremely beautiful. The Fire Qilin was stunned for a second and took a few steps backwards unconsciously after looking at her. He was pale because Red Lotus had given him great pressure that he could not withstand. She was like a mountain that made the Fire Qilin raise up his head to look upon. He was unable to look at her eyes and dared not to look at her.
The Fire Qilin now was even more impressed by Jiang Chen. Who is he? How would he have such a formidable helper? Her strength was unpredictable and the Fire Qilin did not dare to make any prediction actually. When Red Lotus gave him a light glance just now, his heart trembled. Red Lotus’ eyes gave out the mightiness as if she could devour anything in the world.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2381 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2382


Chapter 2382
Curse
“Jiang Chen, who is she? She is so terrifying? If you called her out earlier, wouldn’t you win all of the battle?”
The Fire Qilin said in a weak voice as he was feeling an absolute suppression. In terms of fire, it was very rare to see someone who was able to suppress his Qilin Saint Fire.
“Do you think that I am qualified to invite this great madam? You have overestimated me.”
Jiang Chen smiled bitterly and glanced at the Fire Qilin. At the moment, he indeed had become an obedient boy.
“She’s a fire spirit that is more dreadful than yours. Now you should know who she is.”
“I am afraid she is not human, she is… Red…….”
Jiang Chen shook his head.
“Buddha said don’t say it, don’t say it. Otherwise, you might cause trouble to yourself. This lady is quite hot-tempered.”
The Fire Qilin took a breath, fearful of Red Lotus. He tried his best to keep distance from her.
Jiang Chen looked at Red Lotus that was watching the ice block for fifteen minutes silently.
“What have you found out?” Jiang Chen solemnly said.
“It’s not easy.”
“What’s not easy?” Jiang Chen continued to ask.
“It’s charming.”
Red Lotus’s compliment almost made Jiang Chen spurt out some blood. Miss, I summoned you here to help me melt the ice block, but you’re here to see the charming guy?
The Fire Qilin couldn’t help laughing but he tried to cover his mouth. If he was not scared of Red Lotus, he might have bursted into laughter.
“Then, can you melt this ice block?”
Jiang Chen said impatiently. How dare you to come out to just look at the charming guy. Everyone would love people who are charming, but don’t you think that you’re quite presumptuous?
Red Lotus gave Jiang Chen a glance and said with disdain, “There’s nothing in the world that I couldn’t melt.”
“Then why would you keep standing there and just looking?”
“I’m just worried that if I can’t control my fire flames well, the man inside the ice block would be melted.”
“I am only worried about you as you might not have the capability to melt the ice block.”
Jiang Chen sneered in his heart. His purpose was to get the spiritual spring water after the ice block melted. That would be a huge amount of wealth for him. However, when he realised that the water came from the frozen man, he felt extremely uneasy in his heart.
Red Lotus snorted coldly and stopped talking. She then extended her hand that was covered by a raging fire . However, after a moment, something more dreadful happened. Despite the Karmic Fire of the Red Lotus, the ice block remained in good condition and did not melt at all. It was unbelievable. Jiang Chen’s eyes were filled with astonishment. Even Red Lotus looked extremely serious now as her confidence was completely destroyed this time.
“So now you should have known how terrifying this ice block is.”
Jiang Chen said and smiled faintly.
“This is not a normal ice block.”
Jiang Chen was speechless. You thought that I don’t know this isn’t a normal ice block? If it’s normal, why would I call you for help? I can melt it with my Five Elemental True Fire within a few minutes.
“There’s a curse on it.”
Red Lotus’s words provoked Jiang Chen and the Fire Qilin’s curiosity.
“On this ice block, there’s a terrifying curse that might be an ancient one. Although the ice block is not simple, it would not be very terrifying without the curse. The man inside is frozen by the hundred thousand years profound ice and curse. Who has such great capability to do this?” Red Lotus murmured.
“I am afraid the man has been stuck in the ice block for more than a thousand years but I’m not too sure. If we can’t break the curse, there might be no one who would be able to melt the ice block. This is not only because of the profound ice, but because of the curse. If the curse is not broken, even God Emperor would not be able to help.”
Red Lotus said, her face solemn.
If the curse was not broken, a God Emperor could not do anything as well? Jiang Chen knew nothing about the background of this man, but he was well aware that he must be a jinx.
“Then how about us? Just leave the ice block here.”
Fire Qilin said.
“Such a waste. The Thousand-Year Profound Ice is very precious. Moreover, I believe that the curse came from the ancient period and it could conquer anything. The ice block itself is a powerful weapon,” said Red Lotus.
At the moment, the Fire Qilin flinched. He was scared and dared not to speak anymore.
That’s right. Why didn’t Jiang Chen think of this? Maybe he was too cautious about this ice block, so he had forgotten.
“It would definitely be a powerful weapon even though it was quite heavy. What’s the curse, is it a kind of seal?”
Jiang Chen said.
“Curse is a kind of forbidden skill of seal. Even a God Emperor might not know how to do it.”
Red Lotus’s words made Jiang Chen become more cautious. What is this ice palace that housed a cursed man? A curse that a God Emperor might not know how to make. It’s terrifying.
Jiang Chen looked at the entrance of the palace and the water that was flowing from the ice block. He used five bottles to get all of the spiritual waters which were also called Thousand-Year Icy Water.
Jiang Chen drank one bottle of the Thousand-Year Icy Water. At the moment, his face looked different as the dragon marks on his body suddenly experienced a breakthrough. Jiang Chen felt that a terrifying strength spurted out from his body like a fountain. He managed to advance to Middle True God Realm!
Suddenly, Jiang Chen felt that his limbs were filled with energy. Although it was just one realm of advancement, he could feel that there was a huge difference between the Early True God Realm and Middle True God Realm.
“Has Red Lotus left?”
Fire Qilin looked around with fear still lingering in his heart. Red Lotus had already gone back into the Myriad Qi Cauldron.
“You’re so timid. Haha.”
Jiang Chen said and laughed.
“What do you know? We call this respect. Red Lotus is the spirit of all of the flames. I respect her.”
Fire Qi Lin said seriously.
“Is this the suppression of the fire? When I surpass her in the future, I promise to give you some essences of the Karmic Fire of the Red Lotus.”
Jiang Chen stopped smiling. Fire Qilin was stunned for a second and now the person he really respected was Jiang Chen.
“Let’s go out to have a look right now since this ice palace definitely is not a good place.”
Fire Qi Lin said.
Jiang Chen nodded. They walked out from the icy palace. However, when the moment they left the icy palace, the entire palace collapsed and turned into ashes.
Jiang Chen heaved a sigh. If his guess was right, the Ice Throne should be the backbone of the icy palace. Since his Myriad Qi Cauldron had suppressed the Ice Throne, the ice palace would of course fall down as well.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2382 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2383


Chapter 2383
In Retrospect, their Eyes were Full of Despair
Roar…!!!!!!!
A deafening sound echoed in the void. The enormous Earthly Hades Sacred Mountain suddenly started closing back slowly. The last spiritual spring water did not flow out and there were only eight streams of spiritual water that had flowed out in total. At this moment, the person who showed the most disappointed face was Lang Ya because he intended to get the last spiritual water. Unfortunately, nothing was coming out at the moment, did it mean that the source of the spiritual water had dried up?
Lang Ya did not know as this might be the first time something like this had happened. Or did Jiang Chen manage to enter the grand valley of the Sacred Mountain and found the source? Lang Ya did not believe this. There were so many experts and masters who had entered the grand valley before, yet none of them had managed to come out alive.
It was a forbidden place and it was like the valley of death.
Everyone’s countenance fell as all of them, including Liu Quanchao and the Wu brothers, were injured badly. Yang Mingcheng and Xu Jin could not escape the misfortune as well. Both of them were severely injured by the Single-horned Spirit Rhinoceros and the other beasts. Those who were hiding were also involved in the battle.
The Single-horned Spirit Rhinoceros’s mightiness was irresistible! Although Liu Quanchao and the others had the Divine Pangolin as their leader, it was still difficult for them to withstand the opponents.
The Rhinocero was oppressive and he almost swept across all of the humans there. Those half-step Heavenly God Realm experts who were hiding around could not escape from his sight as well. This only showed that the Rhinoceros was truly formidable. Under his leadership, all of the human cultivators were doomed to die the moment Jiang Chen was forced into the grand valley.
Everyone there could not escape misfortunate because the Single-horned Spirit Rhinoceros had already noticed all of them. He wanted all of them to stay there and die. The Rhinoceros hated these human cultivators the most as they had always come into the Hidden Secret Realm to plunder resources. For him, humans were his biggest enemy.
The Rhinoceros sent heavy blows against Liu Chaoquan and the others with an overbearing might. Yang Mingcheng, Liu Quanchao, Xu Jin and the other half-step Heavenly God Realm experts were unable to control the situation at all. Although the Infernal Evil Dragon, Azure Flower Giant Python and the other Heavenly God Realm beasts were injured, their strength was still very formidable, hence the human cultivators weren’t able to turn the situation around at all.
Yang Mingcheng was repulsed and suffered a serious defeat, and his face looked extremely pale. Xu Jin was defeated soon after. Their original plan was ruined completely. Dealing with such an absolute suppression, any kind of plans would only be in vain.
As soon as Liu Quanchao was defeated, Wu Qianxun and Wu Tinghou were defeated as well. They could not withstand the attacks of the beasts. Being able to protect their life was already their limit.
After all, the Divine Pangolin was still an Early Heavenly God Realm divine beast, albeit with unpredictable strength. Although he had been in a predicament a few times just now, he was able to escape from death. However, there were not many opportunities to escape right now as it seemed that the Single-horned Spirit Rhinoceros was dead-set on not letting him escape anymore. He was only able to delay the time of being killed.
Without the Divine Pangolin to deal with the Single-horned Spirit Rhinoceros, they might have been killed by these beasts already.
No matter if it was Liu Quanchao, Xu Jin or the others, they were all pulled into the battle by the Single-horned Spirit Rhinoceros. They had no choice as the Rhinoceros wanted to kill them. That was how they fell into this predicament.
Nevertheless, Liu Quanchao and the others did not forget Jiang Chen—the man who stepped into the grand valley. When Jiang Chen was forced to enter the grand valley, none of them felt good but they couldn’t do anything. Liu Quanchao desperately hoped that Jiang Chen could walk out of the grand valley and turn the tide. Everytime, Jiang Chen was like a savior who would come to turn the situation around. However, Liu Quanchao remained silent as his wish seemed unrealistic.
“Brother Liu, do you think brother Jiang Chen could walk out of the grand valley alive?” Yang Jian murmured.
Looking at the valley that had closed, he knew clearly that Jiang Chen might have been turned into a dead soul already right now. However, was there really no hope to turn the situation around anymore? Right now whether they would stay alive or die was an unknown. Perhaps, they would leave this world forever very soon.
The Hidden Secret Realm was not only the grave for Bai Yun Fei, but also theirs.
“Perhaps.”
Liu Quanchao replied in a low voice while wiping the blood away on the corner of his mouth. His heart had been trembling in fear, but what could he do? He had already used up all of his strength to try turning the situation around. However, the ending was cruel as they kept being repulsed. The injury they suffered had become more and more serious. Even the most powerful expert, the Divine Pangolin, was also struggling right now and could be killed by the Single-horned Spirit Rhinoceros anytime.
Jiang Chen was once their hope and saviour. But, Yang Jian and Liu Quanchao who believed Jiang Chen the most were quiet now.
All of them were defeated one by one, their hopes were being devoured as well and only despair remained. Each of them felt like they were watching how their life would end.
Jiang Hao died, Pan Hong was decapitated and Leng Lingyi was buried in the Earthly Hades Sacred Mountain. Liu Quanchao and Ling Long were the only two left in the Heavenly Star Sect, Earthly Hades Sect only had Zhang Lei while Profound Feng Sect only had Yang Jian and Man Shuai. Each of them suffered serious defeat and carried severe injuries.
Yang Jian clearly remembered the words shouted out by Pan Hong before his death: The flag of the Profound Feng Sect could not fall! It’s okay that he died as long as Jiang Chen was still alive, this wasn’t the end of it.
At this moment, Yang Jian’s eyes were filled with tears. Pan Hong still held his last hope on Jiang Chen, but would Jiang Chen come back to save everyone? This might only be a dream.
When the grand valley of Earthly Hades Sacred Mountain closed down, Yang Jian’s hope was completely crushed. Jiang Chen would not come out anymore, forever.
Lang Ya sneered and turned his head to look around, his eyes were filled with ruthlessness. He was sure that Jiang Chen died now, if not, Jiang Chen would always bring him uneasiness. Before the Earthly Hades Sacred Mountain closed down, he did not dare to be reckless and simply take any reckless action.
Yang Jian was silent while Man Shuai was in despair. Liu Quanchao heaved a sigh while Ling Long looked at the direction where Earthly Hades Sect was. Before they came into the Hidden Secret Realm, they were reminded by their elders to protect Jiang Chen well. But they had gone through so much hardship and bitterness here, how do they tell the outsiders about these?
In retrospect, their eyes were full of despair.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2383 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2384


Chapter 2384
True Expert Behind the Scene
Even though he was formidable, unparalleled and talented, he was still buried forever in the Earthly Hades Sacred Mountain. Soon, people would forget about Jiang Chen’s death. The beasts in the entire Hidden Secret Realm would ignore his death. These humans would also follow his fate. They would be turned into nourishment to the Earthly Hades Sacred Mountain, sleeping here forever.
Everyone was already frustrated. The Single-horned Spirit Rhinoceros sent another attack, sweeping across everyone present on the scene. Each of them was repulsed and completely lost their strength to stand up again. Yang Mingcheng had completely lost his spirit while Xu Jin was at his last leg. Wu Qianxun and Wu Tinghou were holding their hand together and their bromance was magnified in this Sacred Mountain.
Despair, solitude, and anger to heaven’s injustice. Everyone’s mind was full of thought, yet none of them could change the ending as it was destiny.
“What is the point of seeking pleasure when one is still alive? What’s the point of feeling bitter when we die? Life and death is just a journey.”
Liu Quanchao said faintly. Since he did not have any strength to counterattack anymore, waiting for death might be the best thing he could do right now.
Zhang Lei laughed madly and said: “Seems like we are doomed to die here. What’s the point of being talented? Hahaha, at the end, aren’t we just food for the soil.”
Right now, the only one who could still stand was the Divine Pangolin. It was because he could only stand. If he fell down, then that only meant that he had already died.
“Your beast spirit might be a supplement to improve my strength. However, I could only maximise the benefit of your spirit by absorbing it when you’re still alive.”
The Single-horned Spirit Rhinoceros said with a faint smile. On the other side, the Divine Pangolin who had a huge body was trembling in fear because the Single-horned Spirit Rhinoceros wanted to get his beast spirit while he was still alive.
“You’re despicable! Old rhinoceros, you will receive your karma. If you have the capability, just kill me already! Bastard!”
The Divine Pangolin roared in rage. He did not dare to imagine how brutal the Single-horned Spirit Rhinoceros would be. He had to be still alive and bear the pain when his beast spirit was being extracted by the Rhinoceros. Only then would he pass away silently. This was more cruel and brutal than being tortured by humans.
“You don’t have a choice.”
The Single-horned Spirit Rhinoceros grinned while his eyes looked ruthless.
Lang Ya smiled and said, “That Supreme Grade medicinal pill does really have the effect of recovering divine strength. Later, just let me handle those people.”
“Great. But it’s sad that the last spiritual water did not come out from the source. What a pity.”
The Single-horned Spirit Rhinoceros said indifferently. He ate two pieces of Supreme Grade pills, and his limbs suddenly became more powerful after his divine strength swiftly recovered. The source of spiritual water was irrelevant to him anymore.
Moreover, he did not have the obligation to help Lang Ya find the spiritual water as he already had done what he could and showed great mercy. Lang Ya had paid what he could offer which were the medicinal pills and he got repaid by being able to stay alive. As the leader of the beasts, the Single-horned Spirit Rhinoceros would not kill or harm Lang Ya because it was his promise and he had to keep his dignity.
After all of the beasts had eaten the Supreme Grade Pills, the corner of Lang Ya’s mouth was overflowing with a smile.
“Right now, you guys hand out your spiritual water to me since I didn’t get the one I am supposed to get. It wouldn’t make sense if I return empty handed right?”
Lang Ya turned around and looked at the Single-horned Spirit Rhinoceros and the other beasts.
“What do you mean?”
The Single-horned Spirit Rhinoceros stared at Lang Ya coldly.
“What do I mean? Don’t you understand? You have eaten my divine medicinal pills, don’t you need to express your gratitude? Take out the spiritual water, otherwise, don’t blame me for the consequences,” Lang Ya replied calmly.
The Single-horned Spirit Rhinoceros’s eyes blinked and tried to unleash the divine strength in his body, but suddenly all his strength disappeared. At this moment, all of the beasts were stunned and looked at Lang Ya with fear.
“Don’t try to use your divine strength, otherwise, your divine strength will break your meridians and you will die immediately. If you give me your spiritual water, I might spare your lives.”
“Such a despicable human, you have poisoned us, haven’t you?”
The Single-horned Spirit Rhinoceros’s voice was loud but it also showed that his strength was not enough and his eyesight became weaker now.
“I didn’t force you guys just now. You can’t blame me as you guys decided to eat the pills yourself.”
Lang Ya shrugged his shoulders and said indifferently.
“You are incomparable to an animal.”
“I am going to kill you. A lowly human, how daring of you to trick us?!”
“Brother rhinoceros, don’t let him go. We must kill him.”
“We should never believe the human’s words forever. You’re a bastard!”
Each of the beasts was incomparably furious because they all lost their divine strength after eating the pills Lang Ya gave them. Earlier, they had already been exhausted, but now they were drugged. They had become like the little bunnies waiting to be killed anytime. Their ferocious look had disappeared at this moment.
The Single-horned Spirit Rhinoceros was extremely regretful of his action. Why did he believe this man? He had harmed all of the beasts here because of his greed. Now he, the great Rhinoceros, had become a slave under Lang Ya’s control. The Rhinoceros had never done something like this before. However, he had never expected that he would be tricked by a young man after living for a hundred thousand years. He made a mistake that caused everything to go wrong.
Now, he and all the beasts had become Lang Ya’s prisoners. He could not help feeling like a fool. He never believed any human before. However, he chose to maintain his dignity just now and spared Lang Ya’s life. Inthe end, he suffered the consequence.
At this moment, all of the beasts had chosen to give up the spiritual water in their hand because this was their last hope.
The human’s hearts are unpredictable, and things in the world are uncertain!
Liu Quanchao and the others were stunned for a while. It was out of their expectation that Lang Ya would turn the tide and put the Single-horned Spirit Rhinoceros and the others into a dead end. But this did not help them at all because everyone’s fate was in Lang Ya’s hand now.
Liu Quanchao and the others were well-aware that even if they take action now, they would not have any chance of victory. Even if the beasts did not take action to kill them, they would not live too long as well because Lang Ya would definitely not let them go.
Lang Ya had been planning this and his plan was perfect. Each step he took was careful and things happened according to his plan. Liu Quanchao finally understood Lang Ya’s motive and how much effort he had put into planning this.
The true expert who controlled the situation behind was actually the monstrous genius of the Divine Pill Sect!
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2384 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2385


Chapter 2385
More Dreadful than Death
“Lang Ya is seriously not a simple man, I am afraid that we are going to die in his hand.”
Wu Qianxun heaved a heavy sigh, he was regretful. Their plan was to hide behind and take advantage when the others were fighting. However, they did not expect to be defeated by the beasts even before they could take any action. Right now, the situation was under Lang Ya’s control. It’s really heartbreaking for them and they even felt it’s ironic.
Man Shuai smiled bitterly and said, “It’s useless to say anything now since even Jiang Chen was buried in this mountain. Hidden Secret Realm is indeed a place that is full of dead souls. Seems like we just had bad luck as we always encounter these strong experts.”
“At the end, the greedy ones are us. If we did not plan to come here at the beginning, we might not be in this situation. Then our fate would not be the same. All of this is destiny and has its own reason. Do we deserve this consequence because of our own action?”
Yang Jian sneered, looking through life and death. They were all in despair.
“Even if it would be a life-and-death battle, I am going to pull you into hell with me!”
The Single-horned Spirit Rhinoceros roared in a deep voice. Even though he had eaten two pieces of the medicinal pills, his strength was still very formidable. Moreover, the Supreme Grade Pill did not seem too suppressive on him, as he could still display the strength of a half-step Heavenly God Realm and could have a life-and-death battle with Lang Ya.
“Then, let’s see if you have such capability. Humph. Such a foolish beast. You deserve death.” Lang Ya said with disdain.
Although the Rhinoceros’ strength was at the half-step Heavenly God realm, he was still constrained by the medicinal pill and could not display his full power. That was why Lang Ya was not worried about the Single-horned Spirit Rhinoceros at all.
“I, Single-horned Spirit Rhinoceros, live up to my reputation. Although my strength is constrained, I will not show any mercy when killing you!”
The Rhinoceros roared. His horn soared up to the sky, and he then started attacking Lang Ya.
Lang Ya was not slow as well. He immediately used his Heavenly Shaking Cauldron to fight the Spirit Rhinoceros. The Spirit Rhinoceros’ power was unparalleled but it was a bit insufficient in the face of Lang Ya at the moment. Nevertheless, it was not so easy for Lang Ya to kill the Spirit Rhinoceros as well.
Lang Ya sneered and said, “Don’t you want to take action now? What are you waiting for? Li Zhongheng, don’t think of taking advantage when we’re fighting.”
Everyone was shocked, including the Single-horned Spirit Rhinoceros. Did that mean that Lang Ya have a helper with him? The Spirit Rhinoceros’s heart sank because if Lang Ya had a helper, he would definitely be defeated today.
“Haha, brother Lang Ya, why are you so angry? How could I just stand here and do nothing? It’s my responsibility to take action. I won’t let you fight alone. But, this old rhinoceros is already exhausted and going to die soon. I thought you will be able to overcome him by yourself.”
Li Zhongheng stepped into the place with a terrifying breath that gave everyone huge pressure.
“The number-one expert of Ghost Eye Sect, Li Zhongheng!” Liu Quanchao soemly said.
At the moment, they lost all kinds of hope. From the beginning, these two had already had this perfect plan and now they were just harvesting the result.
“This guy has the same ranking as Lang Ya. The Three Great Guardian of the Clear Stream Sect would pay respect to him as well. He’s indeed unparallelled and formidable. Even when I was in my best condition, I would not dare to have a match with him.” Xu Jin said and sighed in resignation.
Everyone knew about the dreadful side of Li Zhongheng as can be seen at this moment where black cloud howled in the sky and covered up the Single-horned Spirit Rhinoceros.
“Talk less nonsense and kill this monster in order to get rid of the root.” Lang Ya said solemnly.
How would it be possible for Lang Ya not to know Li Zhongheng’s intention? If he did not open his mouth and said nothing, this guy would just act like an idiot by standing here. Once he was injured in the battle, Li Zhongheng would take the advantage to get all the benefits here.
“I am quite regretful for Jiang Chen’s death because I could not kill him by myself,” Li Zhongheng said in a regretful manner.
“Jiang Chen? Is he really that powerful? I can’t feel the same.”
Lang Ya said with disdain.
“If there are not that many strong beasts today, he would amaze everyone here.”
Li Zhongheng did not care about Lang Ya’s ridicule because only those who fought Jiang Chen before knew how terrifying he was. He had casted Blood Escape before coming here and that had added to his injury. That was why he had only recovered seventy percent of his strength.
“Let’s kill the Single-horned Spirit Rhinoceros first before talking. He’s full of treasures. Hehe.”
Lang Ya glanced at the Spirit Rhinoceros. On the other hand, the Spirit Rhinoceros never expected that Lang Ya would see him as a herbal ingredient for concocting medicinal pills.
“Alright.”
Li Zhongheng did not talk too much. Under their joint attack, it was not a dream to kill the Single-horned Spirit Rhinoceros.
“Bastard, I am going to kill you!”
Although the Spirit Rhinoceros’s roar was as loud as thunderclap, it did not increase his strength. Although Li Zhongheng did not give it his all, suppressing the Spirit Rhinoceros was a just piece of cake for them.
The battle did not last too long. The Single-horned Spirit Rhinoceros was defeated because of the effectiveness of the medicinal pill. Moreover, there were two experts attacking him together. Of course, he could not stand too long. Under the attack of the Heavenly Shaking Cauldron, the Rhinoceros’s body was almost torn apart and pushed him into great suffering.
“You’re going to die now!”
Lang Ya roared and fully displayed his strength through the Heavenly Shaking Claudron’s mightiness. With Li Zhongheng’s help, he managed to shatter the Spirit Rhinoceros and pulled up his horn. The Single-horned Spirit Rhinoceros finally fell down and his breath became extremely weak. His life was ebbing away.
Everyone’s countenance, including the beasts, fell because they knew it was going to be their turn.
“Don’t worry, you guys won’t die. I won’t kill you. Hehe. That would be a waste.”
Li Zhongheng looked at everyone. Yang Jian’s face looked terrible because only he knew what Li Zhongheng was going to do.
“He…is going to control our soul.”
Yang Jian said while trembling in fear. If that was the case, he would rather die than become Li Zhongheng’s puppets and fight for him after being turned into a walking dead.
Everyone was shocked because if that was the case, they would all rather die.
“You’re right. I am going to control your souls and you’re going to work for me. If I have you and these beasts, who can go against me in Hidden Secret Realm? Hahaha!”
Li Zhongheng’s said and roared in laughter.
They all finally felt that staying alive and passing away were both a kind of blessing.
Initially, they thought that death was the worst ending. But now, they understood that they were going to face something more terrifying than death!
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2385 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2386


Chapter 2386
Defying the world’s opinion
“Li Zongheng, are you trying to go against the world? The people here are disciples of the famous sects in the Linhe Boundary, aren’t you afraid of getting attacked by all of these sects? ” Xu Jin said with a hideous expression.
He did not want to be controlled by Li Zongheng and become his puppet. His honour and everything will be destroyed.
“Yeah. Are you trying to do the taboo? We’re all disciples from famous sects, aren’t you afraid of being targeted by our sects?” Wu Qianxun said in agreement.
They were filled with anxiety as Li Zongheng may not be threatened by them. They were at his mercy, it won’t be easy for them to run away from him. Li Zongheng probably has his ways to get away from doing such atrocities. Plus, people of the Ghost Eye Sect were ruthless, even the people of the Clear Stream Sect avoided them.
“Aren’t you all naive? Hehe, do you guys think I’ll let you all see the sun after leaving Hidden Secret Realm? Your worth is only within this realm, after that… kakaka!” Li Zongheng’s eyes were cold while gazing upon these lambs.
He was like the demon that governs hell, he’s the death scythe that harvests the soul of the living.
“You’ll get a share of the spiritual water, the demonic beasts and these guys are all yours.” Lang Ya said.
“Just one? Aren’t you greedy? Hehe. ” Li Zongheng looked at Lang Ya and said indifferently.
Li Zongheng then added, “You must know all of them are useful for me, but there’s no need to burn the bridge behind you, right? Aren’t you afraid that I’ll control all of their souls and take care of you afterwards?”
“Hmph, would I be standing here if I’m afraid? You got what you wanted, this spiritual water is enough for you. I need a tremendous amount of them to concoct my pills.” Lang Ya said.
“What does it have to do with me, that you need a lot of the spiritual water? Are you trying to take my share of the spiritual water?” Li Zongheng squinted as he looked at Lang Ya.
“I’ll give you another share, this is my limit, now, you got what you wanted, this should be an easy job for you. Plus, I even spent an Immortal Grade Pill for this, you wouldn’t deny this, right? From the start, you didn’t spend a single thing and got all of these.”
Li Zongheng became silent after hearing Lang Ya’s words. Because he really got what he wanted and Lang Ya had really spent a lot of resources for them. That Immortal Grade Pill was really tempting even for someone like him, but is it that easy to get it?
“Alright, then, we’ll part ways here. ” Li Zongheng said.
Both of them were not planning to cooperate further. Now, he needs to recover control of Liu Quanchao and the souls of these demonic beasts, and he’ll be invincible. So many beasts, they’re powerful beings, any one of them could easily dominate this place after their strength is recovered.
“Hehe, Li Zongheng is truly bold and vicious. Lang Ya of the Divine Pill Sect, pretty good too. But for such a great item, whoever sees them should have a share, isn’t this shameful for both of you to hoard all of them? Aren’t I right, Brother Lang Ya?”
A pale laugh could be heard, and a blue figure suddenly appeared out of nowhere. His aura was stronger than both of them, this fella may become the hope of the remaining people, they may not know him, but he’s certainly powerful.
“Wu Rufeng! Are you here for a slice?” Lang Ya said coldly.
“I am just reminding both of you, good things must be shared with everyone, aren’t I right? Brother Zongheng. You may become the public enemy number one if you’re too selfish. I like to make friends, the more the better.” Wu Rufeng shrugged calmly.
“It’s Wu Rufeng! The second Grand Guardian of the Clear Stream Sect!”
“To think it’s him?! No wonder… Land Ya and Li Zongheng are wary of him.”
“If Wu Rufeng is here, then the other two grand guardians must be near.”
“Looks like this battle is getting spicier. I hope both of them beat each other up, hmph hmph.”
Liu Quanchao and the others were excited to see Lang Ya and the others duke it out. If Wu Rufeng were to join in the fray, then Lang Ya and Li Zongheng will not get out from this unscathed. If that happens, then they will certainly be safe.
“Moreover, Brother Zongheng’s techniques are commendable. Hehe.”
Wu Rufeng was like their saviour!
“The Clear Stream Sect is the most powerful sect in the Linhe Boundary. Senior Wu will certainly not just watch.”
“Yeah. We’re saved. Hahaha. Senior Wu will certainly not let them go, the Clear Stream Sect is undoubtedly the number one sect.”
“Senior Wu, you need to help us, that scum of the Ghost Eye Sect wants to enslave us. Wicked indeed.”
As Wu Rufeng’s appearance became the major key in this matter, Lang Ya chose to back down.
Lang Ya gritted his teeth with an ugly expression; Wu Rufeng’s appearance had truly given him great pressure.
“I am willing to offer two of the spiritual water and share it with Brother Rufeng.”
Lang Ya looked at Li Zongheng. Li Zongheng’s not feeling great about it. Bastard, I only have two spiritual waters.
Since Lang Ya has made his statement, Li Zongheng must do something too, otherwise, Wu Rufeng may not take it well.
“Then, I must not lose against others, hahaha. Brother Rufeng, I only have two spiritual waters, I am willing to share one with you.”
Li Zongheng gave Wu Rufeng a share of his spiritual water. At this moment, the three of them reached an agreement. Wu Rufeng has joined the other two. Liu Quanchao and the others had their jaws dropped to the ground, they couldn’t believe that one of the three Grand Guardians of the Clear Stream Sect to be this shameless. Their supposed saviour became their enemy in an instant.
At this moment, they understood one thing, there are no friends nor enemies in the face of absolute benefit, everyone could become friends as long as they’re in agreement.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2386 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2387


Chapter 2387
Coming back with a grand entrance
Xu Jin, Wu Tinghou and the others hope were once again shattered. Wu Rufeng had conspired against them with the enemies, now they’re in a complete loss. The phrase ‘justice will prevail’ was but a joke.
“Wu Rufeng, you bastard! To think you would join hands with those bastards, are you still human? You have tarnished the honour of your sect!” Xu Jin shouted in anger after his path to survival was cut off.
Now he did not care for anything more. He thought Wu Rufeng would save him but, alas, that was wishful thinking.
“You bastard, the illustrious pride of the Clear Stream Sect is destroyed by you! ” Wu Qianxun’s angry roar reached the ears of everyone.
Yet it was useless, the guy still got three shares of spiritual water for free and they still stand before death.
Lang Ya wasn’t afraid of Wu Rufeng. But if Wu Rufeng were to choose a side now, he’ll be left alone. If Wu Rufeng and Li Zongheng were to join hands together, then he’ll be in danger. So, this method was the safest.
If there’s a balance, nobody wishes to undermine the balance. Those who break the balance would oftentimes become the greatest loser. Wu Rufeng’s appearance caused Lang Ya and Li Zongheng to wonder whether the other two Grand Guardians were near.
“Bunch of ants, why does your life matter to me? Who can you blame but yourself for being weaker than others? Hahaha. This is a joke, your life, your honour, all of them are yours to fight for, not others.” Wu Rufeng laughed madly.
What he said was true even though it was harsh. He was right—the world of cultivation runs by the law of the jungle, it’s useless to place one’s hope onto others. One will have their lives spent if they’re weak; pride, honour and their very life must be gained by oneself and no others.
“Such is life!” Wu Tinghou said with a bitter laugh.
The sky was dark, their hearts were cold, they suffered despair from Lang Ya, Li Zongheng and Wu Rufeng. Death was not the scariest thing, humans are. One could become slaves that could not disobey their master.
“These guys need to be killed. ” Wu Rufeng smiled.
Li Zongheng’s eyes became cold as he stared at Wu Rufeng.
“What do you mean, Brother Rufeng.” Li Zongheng said.
“Don’t you know what I mean? ” Wu Rufeng said.
He knew that Li Zongheng wanted to control more humans and demonic beasts, enslave them to go against the Three Grand Guardians of the Clear Stream Sect. Doing so would make him unbeatable in this place. Hence, Wu Rufeng must ensure that Li Zongheng’s plans will not succeed, otherwise, he’ll be in danger.
“I don’t know about that. These men are all mine. I’ll do what I want with them. Brother Rufeng does not need to worry about it.”
“No trouble at all. These people have their own agendas, I want to kill them to be rid of future troubles, but you’re protecting them? This is illogical, no matter what, I, Wu Rufeng, need to kill these people.” Wu Rufeng declared as he stared at Li Zongheng.
Lang Ya quietly sneered. It’ll be great if both of you fight to the death, then I’ll be able to get the loot in the end.
*Rumble!*
*Rumble!*
At this moment, the Earthly Hades Sacred Mountain shook and crumbled. Everybody turned their gaze towards it. The Nine Dragon Caves suddenly appeared once again and a big crack opened with a red figure coming out from it. The figure then leapt into the sky and caused the sky to become red.
Everyone felt a Heavenly God Realm prestige.
It came from the Fire Qilin.
But, there’s somebody on the back of the said beast, it was Jiang Chen.
Jiang Chen came back with a grand entrance!
“Jiang Chen, he’s still alive? He’s really alive? Am I dreaming?” Yang Jian suddenly stood up with excitement blazing in his eyes and tears fell uncontrollably.
Even Liu Quanchao’s eyes become teary. Jiang Chen was like a true god descending upon them, riding on a Fire Qilin as the skies became red in colour, it was grandiose and magnificent!
“That fella? He… he… he… Did he come out from the Earthly Hades Sacred Mountain? How can this be?! There has never been a person who came out from that mountain alive. I must be dreaming!” Wu Qianxun looked at this scene in disbelief.
Yang Jian and the others regained their hope upon seeing Jiang Chen’s return Man Shuai’s eyes were teary. Jiang Chen was their true saviour.
“Such a majestic Fire Qilin, a divine beast that is prouder than the dragon clan, yet it listens to a human that is weaker than it, this is unheard of. Preposterous.” Xu Jin murmured.
“He’s still alive, there’s still hope.” Ling Long silently looked at that figure with a hint of joy in her heart, maybe it’s because that guy bestowed her the wings of life.
“Senior Pan, can you see this? Jiang Chen is still alive!” Man Shuai roared, the pent up anger and hatred were released at this moment.
“It’s him? Looks like I made the right choice in coming here.” Wu Rufeng squinted his eyes and said with a cold smile, a smile of happiness.
“Jiang Chen, he didn’t die? ” Li Zongheng’s gaze was getting heavy.
As he went through a battle of life and death with him, he knew how powerful and scary Jiang Chen was. Jiang Chen was like a cockroach that could survive any difficult situation that was thrown at him. It seems that not even the legendary Earthly Hades Sacred Mountain could best him.
“Not even the Earthly Hades Sacred Mountain could seal you away. I bet you’ve found the source of the spiritual water?” Lang Ya sneered as he looked towards Jiang Chen.
“You’re right, so? How could I come back if I didn’t find the source of the spiritual water? The Earthly Hades Sacred Mountain could not contain me, but can you?” Jiang Chen smiled.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2387 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2388


Chapter 2388
One Vs Three
“Since you found the source… that means you’ll have plenty of spiritual water on you.” Wu Rufeng’s eyes shone. This fella is loaded with treasures.
“This is unexpected. We meet again, Wu Rufeng. You’re alone today?” Jiang Chen looked at Wu Rufeng coldly.
“I alone am enough to kill you, just like taking candies from a child.” Wu Rufeng said arrogantly.
“A mere Mid True God dares to stand against me? Foolish, hah! I shall spare you if you bend the knee now.”
“Lang Ya, Wu Rufeng, Li Zongheng, all three of you are present. There will be blood today, nobody shall be able to escape. All those demonic beasts and people that had pushed me to the corner shall die today! ” Jiang Chen declared indifferently.
A cold, cruel, terrifying battle intent was unleashed from Jiang Chen. Li Zongheng’s blood felt like it got frozen for a second.
“You won’t be able to run away this time!” Jiang Chen stared coldly at Li Zongheng.
The three of them were one of the few strongest humans in the Hidden Secret Realm. Probably, only Xuanyuan Canglan stood above them. Nevertheless, at this moment, Jiang Chen was looking down upon all of them with killing intent, ready to fight at any given second.
Li Zongheng looked at Jiang Chen with a cold face. He’s probably afraid of Jiang Chen if he’s facing him alone, but now there are two more people beside him, what is there to fear?
Moreover, Lang Ya and Jiang Chen also had some beef with each other. Wu Rufeng included. Li Zongheng was feeling lucky and happy that the three of them could join hands together to kill Jiang Chen, it should be easy for them to do so.
However, he was worried about the Heavenly God realm Fire Qilin. It’s on par with the Single-horned Spirit Rhinoceros and Divine Pangolin when they’re at their peak. They’ll be at a disadvantage if the Qilin joins in.
But he was still confident. What he only needed now was the time to control the souls of the Single-horned Spirit Rhinoceros and the other demonic beasts, becoming the true owner of these beasts.
“Rest assured. The one who needs to run away this time… should be you. Hehe.” Li Zongheng said confidently.
“It must be fate that we meet again. I hope you enjoy the shower of death later. Jiang Chen, us three brothers have been looking for you for a long time, the heavens have not forsaken us, I finally caught you now.” Wu Rufeng said arrogantly.
For him, killing Jiang Chen was a piece of cake. He was only worried about the Fire Qilin behind him. This fella is obviously acting tough thanks to the Fire Qilin. Otherwise, what gave him the balls to be so cocky?
“You’re right. Jiang Chen has a Fire Qilin, so what? Today, the three of us will kill you and nobody can stop us.” Lang Ya said.
“Come, all three of you together. Saves me the time to look for all of you individually. But, the three of you will just be a start. Relax, I know what you’re afraid of, the Fire Qilin will not join in the fight. I alone am enough to kill you all.” Jiang Chen said confidently.
“What? You’re extremely cocky. Hahaha, you? Trying to fight against three of us alone and slay us? If it wasn’t for the Fire Qilin, I doubt you’re that confident, hahaha.” Wu Rufeng laughed with tears in his eyes as if he had heard the most preposterous joke in the world.
The young people these days do not know their place… Wu Rufeng looked at Jiang Chen in disdain while thinking that he did not need to use his full strength to kill him.
“An ignorant fool looks like you’re getting more and more arrogant. Jiang Chen, you really think we’re like those second-rated weak fools? You think you’re invincible? Oh… a Mid-True God, I’m so scared. One versus three, you’re mad, don’t tell me you hit your head while you’re inside the mountain?”
Lang Ya and Wu Rufeng looked at each other and laughed unceasingly. Jiang Chen will pay for his arrogance.
“To look down on your enemy is foolish, it’s playing with your own life. I will fight this battle whole-heartedly.” Only Li Zongheng said solemnly.
After all, Jiang Chen managed to defeat him while being just an Early True God at that time. With the inheritance of the Formation God, Jiang Chen’s strength was unknown. Li Zongheng was concerned about the secrets he gained from the Formation God.
Lang Ya and Wu Rufeng’s expression became normal. Now, they look at Jiang Chen with a solemn expression. A battle was soon to erupt!
“Is Jiang Chen joking? He’s not going to use the Heavenly God realm Fire Qilin?! One versus three, a Mid-True God against three Half-Step Heavenly Gods. Hehe, is he that confident?” Wu Qianxun laughed in disbelief.
Honestly, Jiang Chen has become their only hope, they hope that he’ll do his best. But they never thought that he’ll be this reckless, the three experts will certainly take this opportunity, and not even the Heavenly God realm Fire Qilin may be able to help him.
“Jiang Chen never loses. We can put our faiths on him, as long he’s alive.” Yang Jian said firmly, 100% confident towards Jiang Chen. Although he too was somewhat doubtful but… he’s Jiang Chen!
“I also hope that he will bring us an unexpected surprise if he could really fight those three alone and defeat them. I, Xu Jin, will follow him without complaining,” Xu Jin declared.
An expert has their pride, Jiang Chen will go against the norm of the world, challenging the impossible. Plus, he knew that three of them would become confident when they knew that the Fire Qilin would not join the battle.
Moreover, Jiang Chen had reached the Mid True God Realm, the Twelve Fire God Guards too had reached the Peak Late True God Realm, hence they could easily kill an average Half-Step Heavenly God.
“Jiang Chen has his own reason for doing so, plus, he has the ability to do so.” Liu Quanchao too understood Jiang Chen’s character and was feeling positive about it even if he could not determine Jiang Chen’s level now. Nobody knew how powerful Jiang Chen now…
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2388 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2389


Chapter 2389
The might of the formation
The Heavenly God Realm Fire Qilin was very confident in Jiang Chen as the latter managed to beat him down with the Little Ashura Sword Formation. Those who look down on Jiang Chen will lose their lives in the end.
“Come. You guys won’t have that many chances.” Jiang Chen smiled; he then stepped forward and unleashed the Dragon Transformation.
His cultivation has already reached the Peak Late True God realm, hence, in the face of the trio, he was without fear.
“Great, this is more like it. But it’s still not enough!” Lang Ya sneered and was the one to charge first.
He unleashed a flurry of swift and powerful punches.
Jiang Chen stood completely unfazed, and then slashed with his trusty blade as a reply. His sword qi cut Lang Ya’s fist energy in half. After ten attacks, none of Lang Ya’s attacks was able to overpower Jiang Chen’s blade. Meanwhile, his attacks were getting fiercer by the second, to which Lang Ya was unable to move in further and was even forced a few hundred meters back.
“Alright, I’ve come to assist you.” Li Zongheng joined as he was the only one who didn’t look down on Jiang Chen. After all, he was the only one who was able to run away from him.
He wanted to fight seriously, otherwise, he’ll regret it.
Li Zongheng pierced with his spear and clashed with the Heavenly Dragon Sword, yet Jiang Chen was not at a disadvantage even in the face of two enemies.
“Quite a monster, but today shall be your end.” Wu Rufeng sneered and joined the fray with his spiked mace.
His attack tore the void, and Jiang Chen was forced to jump back and he was now surrounded by the three of them. The trio attacked without giving him a breather. In the face of their barrage of attacks, Jiang Chen unleashed his Dragon Transformation and his strength reached the Half-Step Heavenly God Realm.
“Twelve Fire God Guards. Formation!” Jiang Chen summoned his puppets to surround his enemies.
These powerful puppets were almost at the Half-Step Heavenly God Realm, and their strength was on-par with him. With their help, neither side was able to get the upper hand.
“Such great puppets, a great treasure indeed!” Wu Rufeng’s expression became serious, but he still did not unleash his full strength yet as he was still looking down on Jiang Chen. However, it doesn’t look like Jiang Chen was going to go down without a fight.
“Heaven Swallowing Spiked Mace, Heaven Shattering Strike!”
Wu Rufeng waved his mighty mace and struck upon Jiang Chen. The latter intercepted the attack without fear, sparks could be seen flying out from the clash of their weapons, and in the end, the former’s mace was pushed back by the latter’s blade.
“Surging Restriction Wave Formation.”
The Twelve Fire God Guards formed a formation.
The trio’s expression changed after realizing that the formation suppressed their combat strength. Now, Jiang Chen was on-par against the trio. It was extremely humiliating for Wu Rufeng and the others, to be dragged down to the same level as Jiang Chen.
“Great!” Wu Tinghou was solemn, yet was secretly impressed by Jiang Chen.
He was speechless, even though he had just looked down on Jiang Chen. The latter was extremely strong, not even losing even in the face of three powerful opponents.
“Those who are powerful do not need any introduction.” Man Shuai laughed and said.
He’s already at the Mid True God Realm yet he’s still lacking compared to Jiang Chen. Jiang Chen was able to push his opponents into a corner, THREE Half-Step Heavenly God experts into a corner, yet he could not even face one of them alone.
“This is hope,” said Ling Long with a pale smile.
After saying so, she silently vanished while everyone was watching the battle, vanishing into the mountain range.
The battle continued on without a pause, each one of them delivering lethal attacks one after another.
“Spike Maced, unleash your might!”
Wu Rufeng once again launched a powerful attack, slightly pushing back the Fire God Guards. His attack, however, was then intercepted by Jiang Chen with his blade. The blade was unscathed from the mighty attack but Jiang Chen’s body trembled from the force. Wu Rufeng is definitely the strongest amongst the trio.
Meanwhile, Li Zongheng and Lang Ya dared not to dawdle. They launched another series of attacks towards Jiang Chen whenever there’s a chance, even though they’re restricted by the formation. Jiang Chen quickly dodge after sensing that they’re attacking from his back. Nevertheless, he was still caught by Lang Ya’s punch, and was sent flying backwards from the force.
“Earth Spirit Formation!”
The trio was slightly injured by the formation and Jiang Chen retreated back to his Fire God Guards that had similar injuries. Jiang Chen’s attacks were mighty and was even able to fight unceasingly thanks to the Dragon Transformation and the Wood Spirit regeneration.
He then retaliated, using the Three Thousand Flames Dragon Seal to counter Lang Ya’s punches, forcing back the trio.
“Vanguard Divine Locking Formation!”
Jiang Chen changed his formation again with thousands of High-Grade Divine Origin Stone as the base. The trio was caught off guard, to which the Fire God Guards were then able to trap the three of them within the formation.
This time, it didn’t just suppress their range of attack, even their divine energy was suppressed.
The sword intent of the Sword of Solitude fell from the sky.
“Such a powerful sword intent!” Wu Rufeng said, his expression changed.
The three of them were extremely shocked.
“Heaven Shaking Cauldron!”
“Dark Whirlwind!”
“Spiked Hammer!”
The trio unleashed their full force and managed to stop Jiang Chen’s Solitude Sword Intent. They retreated with an ugly expression. Jiang Chen stood on the sky as he looked down with a pale smile. Meanwhile, the Fire God Guards leapt towards them, not giving them a breather.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2389 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2390


Chapter 2390
Suppressing Jiang Chen
“Awesome! This is Jiang Chen. Hahaha!” Yang Jian’s eyes were filled with strong emotions.
Jiang Chen had served justice for them, not even losing despite being at a numerical disadvantage. Even the powerful Grand Guardian of the Clear Stream Sect had to stop being cocky.
“Jiang Chen is truly our Profound Feng Sect’s disciple. This time, the name of our sect shall be known throughout the world.” Man Shuai was extremely happy too.
They, as disciples of the Profound Feng Sect, were proud of Jiang Chen’s might. At this moment, only the two of them were left, except for Wang Chongyang who was still missing, which may mean misfortune has fallen upon him. Man Shuai was filled with admiration towards Jiang Chen.
Xu Jin, Wu Xianqun and the others also felt the same after Jiang Chen came to their rescue. A true expert, indeed. Wu Xianqun who originally looked down on Jiang Chen now changed his opinion towards him. Who would not change their opinions upon seeing a True God managing to defeat Half-Step Heavenly Gods?
Wu Rufeng was pushed back by the Fire God Guards’ relentless attack. The trio was put in a disadvantage.
“What are you guys waiting for? Do you want to die here? Are you guys going to keep preserving your strength? I do not wish to die here with the both of you.” Wu Rufeng said coldly.
They all had their plans. The three of them were only in a temporary alliance, each having their own scheme behind each other’s back. It was impossible for them to rely on others and fight with their full strength.
Fortunately, the other two finally made a decision after hearing Wu Rufeng’s words because even Wu Rufeng did not expect Jiang Chen to be so powerful.
“We’re probably going to die if we’re going to preserve our strength.” Lang Ya became solemn as he decided on something, he was prepared to go all-out.
Now that they’re facing Jiang Chen, their schemes would have to be thrown away. Time to fight seriously. They had already paid the price for looking down on their enemy.
“Finally getting serious? Let’s see how powerful you guys are. I still won’t lose!”
Jiang Chen’s Vanguard Divine Locking Formation suppressed their strength. However, they were all prodigies of their respective sect, how could they not have some ace under their sleeves? They’ll have to utilise it for the sake of their lives at this moment.
“Devil Eye Piercing Heavens! Destroy all my enemies!”
Li Zongheng’s Devil Eye shot out an energy beam that could corrode everything it touches. Jiang Chen retreated and unleashed the prestige of the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda, showering him with a golden light that rendered the beam useless.
“Witness what a ‘real’ skill really is, your Devil Eye is useless against me, let’s see you try withstanding my Edifying Light!
“Edifying Light!”
Jiang Chen formed a hand seal and unleashed the mighty Edifying Light. At this moment, Li Zongheng’s expression changed. His Devil Eye was almost instantly vanquished by the Edifying Light and he suffered a backlash from his own skill. The mighty prodigy of the Ghost Eye Sect was thoroughly beaten down by Jiang Chen.
“Heaven Shaking Cauldron, one that could melt everything under the heavens. Suppress him!” Lang Ya roared as the edifying light was useless against him.
Although this skill was very effective only towards someone who uses evil techniques, his Heavenly Divine Tool’s power was not something weak that a True God could withstand, not even a True Heavenly God could escape it if they were careless.
Jiang Chen was caught and pressed to the ground by the cauldron. At this moment, Lang Ya’s eyes were filled with pride as he gazed at Li Zongheng who was severely injured and whose expression was becoming much uglier by the second. Jiang Chen’s formation did nothing against Lang Ya and his technique was effective towards Jiang Chen.
Liu Quanchao’s expression slightly changed when they saw this happen. Not every Heavenly God expert possesses a Heavenly Divine Tool.
“Heavenly Divine Tool. A genuine Heavenly Divine Tool. Could Jiang Chen win against that?” Wu Qianxun murmured.
Nobody knew whether Jiang Chen could withstand it as he was currently under Lang Ya’s technique.
“Not even the Earthly Hades Sacred Mountain could put him down. What can a mere Heavenly Divine Tool do against him?” Yang Jian said as he looked at Wu Qianxun.
He was 100% confident towards Jiang Chen. At this moment, Lang Ya breathed out a sigh of relief. Not even a Divine King could break the restriction of the Heavenly Divine Tool, except for a Master Blacksmith. A Heavenly Divine Tool has already surpassed all Divine Tools. Heavenly Divine Tool’s have spiritual energy imbued within, and once it evolves into an Origin Divine Tool, then a Tool Spirit will be born.
“Looks like Brother Lang Ya is better.” Wu Rufeng also breathed out a sigh of relief as Lang Ya had finished the job before he could unleash his move. It was a joyous result for them.
“Even though he’s powerful, he’s but a Mid True God. Why should we fear him? Hahaha, the Heaven Shaking Cauldron shall burn him to his death.” Lang Ya said proudly.
At this moment, no matter how hard Jiang Chen struck the cauldron, the Heaven Shaking Cauldron didn’t even move an inch. The power of the Heavenly Divine Tool kept Jiang Chen within the Heaven Shaking Cauldron. It’s impossible for him to get out from there.
“Great, powerful. Haha!” Wu Rufeng nodded.
Li Zongheng sighed. He was truly unlucky, to lose against Jiang Chen twice. Jiang Chen’s attribute could suppress him, otherwise, he wouldn’t easily lose without a fight! He wouldn’t have lost against Lang Ya if they were to fight to the death!
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2390 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2391


Chapter 2391
Breaking out of the Suppression
“The Heavenly Shaking Cauldron is a very precious Divine Tool. Don’t waste your effort because you are going to be turned into blood by it in less than ten days. Haha.”
Lang Ya’s ruthless voice echoed in the Heavenly Shaking Cauldron.
Jiang Chen, however, looked calm and relaxed, which was out of Lang Ya’s expectation. Jiang Chen did not care about this Heavenly Shaking Cauldron at all. He actually just wanted to go into the cauldron to see what kind of Divine Tool it was, and by doing so, he discovered that it was completely incomparable to his Myriad Qi Cauldron at all.
“Jiang Chen, don’t disappoint us. I believe you can break through the cauldron and come out.”
Man Shuai took a deep breath. He was just like Yang Jian—both were willing to trust Jiang Chen unconditionally. It was not because he trusted blindly but because he trusted his brother’s strength. As long as he maintained his trust in Jiang Chen, his hope would still remain.
“It’s still a piece of Heavenly Divine Tool. Since you have already trapped me inside, then I am going to let you know what mightiness means. Who can lock me, Jiang Chen? Even the heavens is not an exception!” Jiang Chen said.
Suddenly, he opened his eyes. He was having a hard time trying to breath inside the Heavenly Shaking Cauldron, but it was still only a piece of Heavenly Divine Tool. Jiang Chen held the Heavenly Dragon Sword, which then displayed unparalleled mightiness. The sword has the mightiness of a Primal Origin Treasure and it’s power could shatter everything.
Jiang Chen sneered. When the Heavenly Dragon Sword crashed with the Heavenly Shaking Cauldron, the cauldron was almost pierced through by the sword. After Jiang Chen slashed the cauldron with his sword, the Heavenly Shaking Cauldron was shattered into ashes immediately. Jiang Chen was like a mad dragon breaking through the cauldron with irresistible momentum.
After smashing the Heavenly Shaking Cauldron into hundreds and thousands of pieces, Jiang Chen stood with pride on the void.
His eyes were like the glowing swords that could sweep across the entire universe. As soon as his sword made a strike, all the other swords would be broken. Although the Heavenly Shaking Cauldron was a Heavenly Divine tool, it could not even withstand the heavy blow made by the Heavenly Dragon Sword. Moreover, the sword was a Primal Origin Treasure.
Lang Ya’s eyes were filled with blood due to anger. He kept taking steps backwards while blood kept spurting out of his mouth. Initially, he was controlling the Heavenly Shaking Cauldron aggressively, but now he was repulsed and looked pale.
“No, I can’t be defeated! No…!”
Lang Ya’s roar was as loud as a thunderclap, seeing that his Heavenly Shaking Cauldron had been smashed by Jiang Chen. This had completely wrecked Lang Ya’s spirit as it was his most precious treasure but it had now become a joke in other’s eyes. When Jiang Chen smashed the Cauldron, everyone was dumbstruck and they, including Wu Rufeng, were terrified.
When Jiang Chen broke through the cauldron, his imposing manner was like an unbeatable war god who controlled the heavens and earth during the ancient times. His spirit was flooding the entire universe and he was unparalleled!
In a flash, Jiang Chen used his sword to slash in all directions while Lang Ya was still in a mess and whose breath was unstable. Under Jiang Chen’s attack, Lang Ya was eventually defeated. Jiang Chen’s Sword of Solitude shone with dazzling brilliance and pierced through Lang Ya’s body and left nine holes on his body.
At this moment, Lang Ya’s eyes were still filled with unwillingness. He kneeled on the ground then fell down unconsciously. All of his imposing manner vanished.
“The Heavenly Shaking Cauldron amounts to just this much?”
Jiang Chen smiled.
“You’re more insane than me. Jiang Chen…….But, since you can say something like that, I think I didn’t waste this life by dying under your hands.”
Lang Ya’s voice became weaker and weaker as finally he collapsed. His breath disappeared and he became part of history. Another genius has fallen.
Formidable. Jiang Chen was indeed too formidable. A Mid True God was able to kill a Half-step Heavenly God. The figure of Jiang Chen was glowing in Liu Quanchao and Xu Jin’s eyes. It was indescribable.
Wu Rufeng became solemn and his appraisal of Jiang Chen had become higher. He even saw Jiang Chen as his number-one enemy. Lang Ya and Li Zhongheng were both defeated by Jiang Chen, so he couldn’t ignore Jiang Chen’s existence anymore.
Li Zhongheng smiled bitterly and said, “I have told you earlier. Jiang Chen is not just a simple figure. You should not underestimate him.”
Jiang Chen pointed at Wu Rufeng and said, “And you.”
“So? I am the Second Great Guardian of the Clear Stream Sect. Do you think I am as stupid as Li Zhongheng and Lang Ya? The two of them are only cowards in my eyes,” Wu Rufeng said arrogantly.
Li Zhongheng’s countenance fell, but he was indeed defeated by Jiang Chen. Whatever Wu Rufeng said was just to ridicule him. Although Wu Rufeng was arrogant, it was a fact that the words ‘Clear Stream Sect’ sounded terrifying to many people.
However, that was for others. In Jiang Chen’s mind, the people of Clear Stream Sect were for him to kill.
Jiang Chen was not someone who liked to cause trouble, but he hated people who looked for trouble from him. If someone did that, he would kill that person. During his clash with the Three Great Guardians, if he did not use the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda to escape, they might have already killed him. He would never forget this score.
Since the Second Great Guardian Wu Ru Feng was already here right now, Jiang Chen might let go of Li Zhongheng but Wu Ru Feng must be slain. Jiang Chen would definitely not spare him. He could only kill him to eradicate any root behind.
“It’s not so easy to kill me. It’s hard to say who’s the cat and who’s the mouse here.”
Wu Rufeng smiled coldly while being very vigilant as a life and death battle might erupt anytime.
“This battle might be even more dreadful than the battle with Lang Ya and Li Zhongheng.”
Liu Quanchao said.
“The Three Great Guardians of Clear Stream Sect are unparalleled in Linhe Boundary. They are young and talented. This Second Great Guardian must not be an average joe. It’s said that if three of them join hands together, they might even be able to fight against Heavenly God experts.
Xu Jin said with a serious face. He had heard of the formidability of the Three Great Guardians before. No one had dared to offend them. But now, Wu Rufeng was Jiang Chen’s biggest enemy, and both of them could not retreat anymore. Who was going to be the winner was still unknown.
“After I kill you, I will kill Xuanyuan Canglan as well and let the two of you unite. If… if Tang Zhen has been doing these evil things together with you, then I will not show mercy to him as well,” Jiang Chen said.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2391 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2392


Chapter 2392
Divine Burying Flag Versus Azure Dragon Flag
“You really have the gift of gab. But these may be your last words because Jiang Chen won’t exist anymore after today.”
Wu Rufeng laughed coldly and said with eyes filled with ruthlessness. The battle seemed to be about to break out soon.
“Then let’s see if you have such capability. We are going to see if you are just bragging or really have the capability.”
The Fire Qi Lin grinned and helped Jiang Chen increase his fighting spirit. As Jiang Chen had not taken any action yet, he would not take any action as well. He did not understand why Jiang Chen must take action by himself, but it’s true that Jiang Chen’s strength was more terrifying than his. Wu RuFeng just didn’t know how formidable Jiang Chen was.
“This guy is really extraordinarily powerful.”
Since the Divine Pangolin settled down, he has been resting and recovering his own breath. He had been watching Jiang Chen’s actions all the time in the battle. Although Jiang Chen’s strength was incomparable to him if he’s in the best condition, it was quite rare to see a True God overcome a Half-step Heavenly God. Moreover, the Divine Pangolin was even slightly terrified by Jiang Chen’s dreadful aura. The Fire Qi Lin, who was not any weaker than him and was even a sacred beast and king among the divine beasts, was willing to work for Jiang Chen under his own free will. From this, one could see that Jiang Chen definitely was not an ordinary man.
The Divine Pangolin was clear that if Jiang Chen did not take action earlier, everyone here might have already died, severely injured or even became prisoners. That would’ve been very terrible because no one was willing to work hard for others’ achievement. Those beasts felt the same.
At the beginning, he chose to stand by Jiang Chen. Then after he was suppressed by Lang Ya, he remained silent all the time because he could not even resist the mightiness of the Fire Qi Lin.
Jiang Chen stared at Wu Rufeng without blinking. Both of them were ready for the battle anytime. One could not simply underestimate Wu Rufeng’s strength because the name of the Three Great Guardians of the Clear Stream Sect wasn’t just for show. Living under the name of Xuanyuan Canglan, Wu Rufeng was definitely seen by the public as a less superior expert. However, a true expert was capable of going through challenges, and obviously Wu Rufeng was an expert. He did not worry about Lang Ya of Divine Pill Sect and Li Zhongheng of Ghost Eye Sect at all, and this was how an expert should act.
Wu Rufeng was filled with a fierce momentum as he crashed into Jiang Chen with his mace. Jiang Chen took every step carefully when dealing with such an oppressive attack. Wu Rufeng’s mightiness of being a Half-step Heavenly God was displayed fully to suppress Jiang Chen.
It was indeed interesting to watch how Wu Rufeng handled the battle effortlessly, his combat strength was indeed formidable. Jiang Chen could only take a defensive position in the face of Wu Rufeng’s dreadful attacks, leaving no chance for Jiang Chen to take a breather. Jiang Chen looked solemn. He did not dare to be slow at all because Wu Rufeng was really powerful. Underestimating an opponent’s strength would put his own life at risk.
“This is the Azure Dragon Flag that could stir up the galaxy and universe. Today, I am going to show you the mightiness of the Half-step Heavenly God realm.”
Wu Rufeng said faintly while holding the Azure Dragon Flag. Sounds of howling and wailing echoed between the void unceasingly.
Countless formidable wind blades slashed through the sky and surrounded Jiang Chen, leaving him no room to escape. Nevertheless, Jiang Chen remained calm and steady while the Heavenly Dragon Sword kept breaking those wind blades apart. However, Wu Rufeng’s Azure Dragon Flag was very dreadful with its terrifying wind blades that swept across in all directions. Jiang Chen just kept on dodging the attacks. Under those blades of wind, Jiang Chen’s face became more and more serious.
“Even if I were in my best condition, I might not be able to handle attacks like these for more than ten seconds.”
Xu Jin heaved a sigh and felt ashamed of his own strength. Those dreadful blades of wind were like a nightmare to them. However, Jiang Chen could handle those attacks relaxingly and confidently without much pressure. All the blades of winds casted by the Heavenly Divine Tool were resisted by Jiang Chen successfully. Wu Rufeng’s attacks could not pose any threat to Jiang Chen at all at this moment.
“You’re right. Such dreadful blades of wind. If I were him, I would have been killed much earlier.”
Liu Quanchao smiled bitterly and said with a terrible looking face.
Everyone was praying silently as Jiang Chen had to deal with three different opponents. Two of them had already been defeated, and now he only needed to handle Wu Rufeng. If he managed to kill the last opponent, he’s indeed very irresistible.
“Trust me, Jiang Chen is going to win this battle.”
Yang Jian smiled faintly and sat on the ground calmly. He became more confident in Jiang Chen’s victory. Yang Jian’s cultivation realm right now had already reached the peak of True God Realm but it was still quite far from Half-step Heavenly God Realm. However, during this time in the Hidden Secret Realm, the battles and experiences he had gone through had made him grow. Only after going through crises and near-death experience, could one grow to be a formidable cultivator.
Throughout this period of time, Yang Jian had seen how his brothers fell one by one, and he was heartbroken each time. However, he kept holding his dream as he knew that he was the hope of Profound Feng Sect. He must overcome these obstacles and survive.
Jiang Chen was the saviour who saved their lives from a crisis. That was why Yang Jian trusted Jiang Chen so much. Since the grand valley of Earthly Hades Sacred Mountain could not hold Jiang Chen down, how could it be possible for Wu Rufeng to overcome him? Jiang Chen would definitely defeat Wu Rufeng.
“Show me how long you can sustain.”
Wu Rufeng smiled coldly and his attacks became more and more dreadful. He kept pressing against Jiang Chen and the latter could only retreat. With such dreadfulness, a normal Half-step Heavenly God would have been defeated already.
Jiang Chen looked cold. If a tiger did not show his mightiness, were you going to see it as a cat? Jiang Chen took out the Divine Burying Flag and stood on the void with pride. The Divine Burying Flag started spinning around even with the absence of wind.
“It’s the end for your Azure Dragon Flag.”
Jiang Chen smiled coldy and took a step. He was holding and wielding the Divine Burying Flag. The winds casted out by the Divine Burying Flag were as dreadful as the breath of thousand ghosts. It even managed to tear those blades of wind apart. Even though the Divine Burying Flag was just a Heavenly Divine Tool, a normal Origin Divine Tool might not even be as powerful as the Divine Burying Flag. It was especially powerful to those dark tools and items. If it was just an ordinary battle, its mightiness could only display the might of a Heavenly Divine Tool
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2392 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2393


Chapter 2393
True Dragon Air
Under the Divine Burying Flag’s pressure, the Azure Dragon Flag was forced to retract. Wu Rufeng’s face finally looked shocked as he never expected that the Divine Burying Flag was this terrifying. Although both treasures were Heavenly Divine Tool, his Azure Dragon Flag was incomparable to Jiang Chen’s Divine Burying Flag.
When the Divine Burying Flag was raised up, a terrifying deadly aura flooded into the air. It released killing intent that spread across heaven and earth. Wu Rufeng was covered by black clouds that were like thousands of devouring ghosts. One could see just how terrifying the Divine Burying Flag was. The blades of winds released by the Azure Dragon Flag became weaker and weaker until they failed to resist the Divine Burying Flag. The howling and wailing of ghosts from the said flag tore the blades of wind apart fiercely.
“Bastard!”
Wu Rufeng said while gritting his teeth tightly. The Divine Burying Flag was like a giant stone pressing against his heart.
“Azure Dragon, come out like the hurricane!”
Wu Rufeng wielded the Azure Dragon Flag again. Suddenly, silver snakes appeared within the Azure Dragon which was like an unparalleled mad dragon. The mad dragon was making heavy blows. However, Jiang Chen remained calm and his Divine Burying Flag was fearless. Jiang Chen held his Flag tightly as this time he was going to take action himself.
After using the dragon transformation, Jiang Chen was like a lively dragon who held the Divine Burying Flag. He started a brutal attack and his momentum completely overcame the Azure Dragon Flag. Even though the mad dragon swept across like a hurricane, it was unable to push against Jiang Chen as Jiang Chen’s body was overflowing with dragon air. The Fire Qilin could feel the pressure created by Jiang Chen as well at this moment. This was the True Dragon Air which could completely suppress the illusory mad dragon. The dragon-like hurricane was under Jiang Chen’s absolute suppression.
“Sweeping across everything under the heavens!”
Jiang Chen held the Divine Burying Flag and spun the galaxy and universe around. A giant black dragon came out from the void and pressed against the opponent. The black dragon was hundred times larger than Wu Rufeng’s mad dragon. The mountain ranges of the Earthly Hades Sacred Mountain were fully under the cover of the shadow of the black dragon. Suddenly, the black dragon engulfed the Azure Dragon entirely, and the entire heavens and earth shook.
The mightiness of the Divine Burying Flag had been displayed to its highest potential. Under the black dragon, everything was eradicated and there were no signs of vitality at all. Wu Rufeng was devoured by the black dragon immediately. Even if the Azure Dragon Flag was raised again, it would still not be able to fight with Jiang Chen.
“The black dragon is so terrifying. Unexpectedly, this guy possesses dragon air. It’s the True Dragon Air.”
The Fire Qilin was astonished and stunned by Jiang Chen’s True Dragon Air. Just now, Wu Rufeng also possesses a slight dragon air from his Azure Dragon Flag that had evolved into a mad dragon. However, Jiang Chen’s Divine Burying Flag evolved into a huge black dragon with his dragon air. This was completely out of everyone’s expectation. The black dragon smashed and devoured Wu Rufeng effortlessly. The Fire Qilin could sense the terrifying True Dragon Air from the black dragon.
The True Dragon Air was not an ordinary dragon air. If one was not truly an unparalleled divine dragon, he would not possess True Dragon Air. The disciples of the Dragon Clan didn’t even possess True Dragon Air unless they reach the Divine King realm.
Although the Fire Qilin was truly stunned by the True Dragon Air, he would not ask Jiang Chen about it because this was Jiang Chen’s secret. On the other hand, Jiang Chen’s dragon transformation had seriously startled the Fire Qilin. At first, he thought that that was only a technique that Jiang Chen used to enhance his strength, he had never expected that Jiang Chen would possess the True Dragon Air of the Dragon Clan. The Fire Qilin realised that Jiang Chen was really unpredictable.
However, he knew that Jiang Chen was not an ordinary cultivator. His choice of following Jiang Chen’s side had brought him all these unimaginable benefits.
“True Dragon Air. Jiang Chen, Jiang Chen, are you really an incarnation of a true dragon? Hehe.”
The Fire Qilin shook his head and murmured while smiling.
On the other side, Wu Rufeng had already been devoured by the black dragon of the Divine Burying Flag completely. The Azure Dragon Flag was broken. Wu Rufeng’s faced looked dead as he murmured:
“How can this be possible? It’s impossible?”
He had never expected that Jiang Chen’s Divine Burying Flag would be this terrifying, and it had even devoured his Azure Dragon Hurricane effortlessly. He was also defeated and injured severely. His Azure Dragon Flag was even broken by Jiang Chen. Jiang Chen undeniably knocked him heavily.
Looking at the Azure Dragon Flag which had been torn apart, Wu Rufeng’s heart sank, and his face looked terrible. He’s badly injured after receiving an unparalleled attack from the black dragon, and now his combat strength was affected as well.
“Your Azure Dragon Flag is only like this? Your last day has arrived.”
Jiang Chen snorted codly and said, he then took a step forward with his sword and kept back the Divine Burying Flag. The mightiness of the Sword of Solitude radiated in all directions.
“Solitude solved all the worries!”
Jiang Chen’s sword was not only brutal, it’s power could also shatter the void.
Wu Rufeng held his mace tightly, however, his attacks were resisted by Jiang Chen twice. Jiang Chen’s sword finally made another heavy blow against him, and this time he was unable to retreat anymore. His arms were chopped off by the sword. Before this strike, he had already run out of options on how to handle Jiang Chen. Now, his strength was even weaker due to the severe injury.
Finally, Wu Rufeng fell down and knelt on the ground. He looked pale and his face carried a sense of fear.
“I have been defeated. I lost. I lost to a True God. It’s funny. It’s really funny. Hahaha!”
Wu Rufeng laughed out loud.
Jiang Chen could see that this man who looked so peaceful was actually extremely afraid of death.
“I have already known who is going to win and lose. I will only feel relieved after killing you.”
Jiang Chen kept walking towards Wu Rufeng.
Wu Rufeng suddenly raised his head up and stared at Jiang Chen.
“You can’t kill me because I am the Second Great Guardian of Clear Stream Sect.”
Wu Rufeng said sternly because he felt that Jiang Chen’s killing intent did not diminish at all.
“Clear Stream Sect? Hehehe. It’s amusing. Do you think that I am afraid of your sect? Or should I say, would I still take action against you if I am afraid of the Clear Stream Sect?”
Jiang Chen shook his head and heaved a sigh. Sometimes, it’s sad to be human, especially those who did not understand the truth. Earlier, Wu Rufeng was very arrogant, but now he became as lowly as a mouse who walked past the street.
Wu Rufeng kept on withdrawing. He was extremely afraid of Jiang Chen who was slowly approaching him.
“I don’t want to die. I don’t want to die.”
“There’s nothing scary about death. What is scary is that you don’t even have the courage to face death.”
Jiang Chen said faintly.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2393 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2394


Chapter 2394
Conspiracy
Wu Rufeng’s eyes were full of tears as he kneeled down in front of Jiang Chen. He sounded about to break into tears and said:
“I beg you. Don’t kill me. On behalf of showing my third brother’s mercy, spare my life. I promise that my eldest would not create trouble for you.”
Facing Wu Rufeng, Jiang Chen sighed. He felt kinda regretful to see how Wu Rufeng lost his dignity in the face of death.
“When you and Xuanyuan Canglan were chasing me, I had already decided to kill you. And I am also going to fight your eldest brother, Xuanyuan Canglan, soon.” Jiang Chen said.
Wu Rufeng’s eyes slowly became dead because he knew that he would not be able to get Jiang Chen’s forgiveness and survive.
“I am the Second Great Guardian of Clear Stream Sect. Once I die, my brother will avenge me. He definitely will. You just wait for your death. Hahaha.”
“Bullsh*t.”
Jiang Chen frowned slightly and then took out his sword. When his sword fell again, blood spurted out. Winds blew while rain fell.
It was drizzling and all of the blood in the Earthly Hades Sacred Mountain seemed like it was going to be washed away.
Jiang Chen held the Heavenly Dragon Sword with a steeled heart. He killed all of the Heavenly God Realm beasts, including the Infernal Evil Dragon and Azure Flower Giant Python. All of them became souls except for the Divine Pangolin. Li Zhongheng was killed as well as Jiang Chen had said that he would not let go of anyone here.
In the drizzle, everyone became silent and looked at Jiang Chen quietly. He was like an unbeatable war god in their eyes. No one was able to defeat him between heaven and earth.
It was a gloomy day—the place was covered with blood. As long as they were still alive, they were going to walk step by step to fight death, heaven, earth, and other people.
Jiang Chen had killed all of the beasts ruthlessly, except for the Divine Pangolin. No one felt that Jiang Chen was brutal or cruel and no one thought that he had done something wrong. It’s all about the law of the jungle. Even if the Heavenly God Realm beasts were begging Jiang Chen to spare their lives, none of them escaped death because they were the ones who forced Jiang Chen into predicament.
The Divine Pangolin looked at his fellow Heavenly God beasts and could not help sighing. He was quite sad looking at this scene. Although they held different views and stood on different sides, he still felt sad as they were all of the same kind. All of them were now in silence after being slaughtered by Jiang Chen.
“Thank you.”
The Divine Pangolin looked at Jiang Chen and said, although he had a complicated feeling.
“I am supposed to be the one who says thank you.”
Jiang Chen smiled. If the Divine Pangolin did not fight the Single-horned Spirit Rhinoceros, perhaps everyone here had already passed away.
“You’re very very strong. You must be able to leave the Hidden Secret Realm alive.”
The Divine Pangolin said.
Jiang Chen smiled and said, “I know you must be feeling bad now. However, this is the law of the jungle. If I don’t kill them, I would not be able to withstand so many beasts by myself. Moreover, if they did not push me to the dead end, why would I kill them all now”
“I understand. I, Divine Pangolin, am not irrational. I am going to take a full rest and cultivate myself now.”
As soon as the Divine Pangolin finished saying that, he turned around and left. As he was badly injured after the battle, it was hard for him to step on the void, so he had to walk for now.
“I can’t express my gratitude to you. I, Xu Jin, will fulfil any of your requests, Brother Jiang.”
Xu Jin took a step forward and said while holding his fist together. He looked at Jiang Chen in admiration of his strength. This was indeed an expert. Whoever dared to underestimate Jiang Chen would have to deal with death.
“It’s just a piece of cake.” Jiang Chen said.
“Wu Qianxun thanks Brother Jiang for saving my life. We are willing to follow Brother Jiang wherever you go in the Hidden Secret Realm.”
“Wu Tinghou thanks Brother Jiang for saving my life. We are willing to follow Brother Jiang wherever you go in the Hidden Secret Realm.”
Wu Tinghou and Wu Qianxun solemnly said.
Right now, there were only Yang Jian, Liu Quanchao, Man Shuai, Zhang Lei and the others. Pan Hong had died and Jiang Hao also passed away. Jiang Chen was quite regretful about this. He felt quite bad that Pan Hong, the eldest brother of Profound Feng Sect, had passed away, but people can be reborn after they die.
Those who passed away had already passed away, but those who were still alive still have to keep moving forward.
At somewhere far, Xuanyuan Canglan’s pupils suddenly shrunk and his countenance fell. He murmured:
“Our second brother has passed away.”
“What? Second brother, he…. Are you sure?”
Tang Zhen found it unbelievable. At the moment, both of their faces looked terrible.
“His spirit had completely vanished, which meant his soul was shattered.”
Xuanyuan Canglan said faintly.
Tang Zhen took a deep breath and he looked serious.
“There are only a few people in the Hidden Secret Realm who are capable of threatening my brother’s life.”
“No matter how, he has passed away. Seems like there are quite a lot of experts in this place. Don’t worry, Brother Wu, I am going to let them be buried with you.”
Xuanyuan Canglan’s eyes looked ruthless and he was filled with killing intent. At the moment, they were on the way to the Soul Burying Mountain at the Extreme Northern Land. It was their biggest goal.
It was still pouring, further dampening Yang Zhen’s depressed heart because of his brother’s death. Wu Rufeng went to Earthly Hades Sacred Mountain to grab the spiritual spring water, but now he was buried there. They had promised to meet at the Soul BuryingMountain, but now it has become a dream.
“Brother, who killed him?”
Tang Zhen asked.
“It’s not important to know who that is. What is important is that I am going kill everyone here. Only the people of Clear Stream Sect can walk out from here.”
Xuanyuan Canglan’s eyes looked cold and even Tang Zhen shivered for a second, and he was very concerned by his dreadful breath.
Although they were journeying for quite some time, he, Tang Zhen, did not know why his eldest brother wanted to go to the Soul Burying Mountain
“Is this Soul Burying Mountain going to put everyone in death?”
Tang Zhen asked with a solemn voice.
Xuanyuan Canglan gave Tang Zhen a glance and said:
“Don’t ask the things that you’re not supposed to know. It’s better that fewer people know this. Now we only have each other. I don’t want you to question me anything. Understand?”
Tang Zhen shivered and looked solemn.
“Yes, brother.”
Tang Zhen knew that Xuanyuan Canglan was creating a huge conspiracy and he might be planning to slaughter all of the people in Hidden Secret Realm.
Tang Zhen could not help but tremble in fear.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2394 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2395


Chapter 2395
Hope that you Wouldn’t Blame me
In Profound Feng Sect, there was a barren mountain.
A white-clothed lady was standing there. She was tall and slender, and her long hair was dancing in the wind with her immortally graceful aura. Although it was just her back, everyone had already been attracted to her.
The lady looked calm without much expression on her face. One could not identify her emotion at all from her pretty eyes.
The lady possessed a very powerful atmosphere and everything seemed like a void to her. Everyone in the Profound Feng Sect found her intimidating.
“Powerful! Isn’t she Jiang Chen’s woman? Why would she suddenly become so powerful?”
“Yea, this is the first time I saw her display this kind of true strength. Even our Sect Lord seems incomparable to her.”
“How could this expert be Jiang Chen’s woman? Hahaha. Although Jiang Chen is formidable, he is incomparable to such a formidable expert. This lady is like a born-to-be-king existence.”
“She is seriously so gorgeous. I think a lady like this only exists in heaven. Awesome. Why would Jiang Chen be so lucky to have her? Haih. She is a rose in the hands of those who had no intention of keeping her.”
Hundreds and thousands of members of Profound Feng Sect stood at the top of the mountain and looked at her silently. She was like a female war god from the ancient period.
Some of these people who were looking at her were elders and some were disciples. Everyone was respectful and affectionate towards her but they were also startled by her strength. In such a short period of time, she was able to become so formidable. Who would dare to go against an unparalleled Heavenly God expert? Those disciples who were under True God Realm dared not to raise up their head to look at her as they were afraid of being killed by her.
“Sister Ling, are we really not waiting for brother Jiang anymore?”
Yu Er said while standing beside the lady, sadness could be seen in her face. Her voice was incomparably low and her eyes were full of unhappiness.
The lady shook her head lightly and sighed.
“I don’t have too much time here. That’s why we must leave now. It has been months since he left. Let’s just hope that he can come back alive.”
The lady said with a solemn face. If she was not Ling Yun, who would she be?
“But you said that you would wait for him.”
Yue Er said while curling up her mouth downwards.
“Things change and I can’t do anything with it. Master called me to go back urgently, there must be something happening in our sect.”
Ling Yun murmured. She had already been waiting for ten months, so why would she care about waiting for another two months? But she really had some emergency, otherwise, she did not mind waiting for another two months.
“Alright.”
Yu Er said with a low voice. She then sighed again and said:
“Brother, when you see me again, I might have become as beautiful as Sister Ling already.”
Ling Yun smiled.
“When you grow up, you must be prettier than me.”
She would only have a smile on her face in front of this young girl.
“No, I just want to be as pretty as you. If this is the case, I don’t know who Brother Jiang Chen would choose. Hehehe.”
Yu Er smiled and said.
Ling Yun blushed.
“But, there’s something I want to do before we leave.”
“What’s that?”
Yu Er asked.
Ling Yun looked at the mountain where a certain elder was staying and said faintly, “To kill someone.”
“Oh.”
Yu Er nodded silently. She knew that Sister Ling was going to kill him.
“Hope that you don’t blame me for this.”
Ling Yun stepped on the void and turned around the void space, shuttering through the mountains. She came to Yan Jun’s mansion.
“Come out and accept your death.”
Yue Er shouted loudly with her arms akimbo. She looked like an adult.
“Who dared to shout outside of my mansion?”
Yan Jun’s voice echoed around the place as he walked out from the mansion.
“I was still thinking who is that. It’s Jiang Chen’s widow and orphan. Hehe.”
Yan Jun said coldly. But then, suddenly, his countenance fell when he looked at Ling Yun’s eyes. Subconsciously, he took a few steps backwards and he looked solemn.
“You…. You are a Heavenly God expert?”
It was out of Yan Jun’s expectation that this lady’s strength had become so formidable. After a few months, her cultivation realm had advanced by leaps and bounds. Or she had been hiding her true colour?
“You can only blame yourself for offending someone who you should not offend.” Ling Yun said faintly.
Immediately, she struck an irresistible attack that astonished the entire Profound Feng Sect. Yan Jun immediately retreated and his countenance fell. His face was full of fear as he was unable to resist Ling Yun’s attack.
“It’s just a beginning.”
Immediately, Ling Yun struck another dreadful blow against Yan Jun and put him in death. When he died, he did not even know what had killed him, but he did not have any strength to counterattack Ling Yun.
A while after, Ling Yin then brought Yue Er and stepped on the void, disappearing in the clouds, leaving all of the people of the Profound Feng Sect in amazement.
……….
Jiang Chen casted protection to help Yang Jian and the others to recover their injury for half a month. Their strength was recovered and they experienced transformation after going through such a life-and-death battle. Although their cultivation realm had not advanced much, they still benefited from the battle.
Jiang Chen, Xu Jin, Wu Qianxun and the others kept moving forward. Xu Jin and the Wu brothers really admired Jiang Chen. In less than two months, the Hidden Secret Realm would be open again. Their alliance had become a powerful influence within these past few days in the Hidden Secret Realm.
However, during this period of time, Jiang Chen and others had met less and less people in the Hidden Secret Realm. Most of the cultivators they met were quite formidable in terms of their strength as well. The number of cultivators they had encountered were less than thirty within this month. No one dared to underestimate their strength. However, when these cultivators saw Jiang Chen and the others, they would go far away from them because of their formidability. Xu Jin and Liu Quanchao were Half-step Heavenly Gods while the remaining cultivators, except Jiang Chen and Man Shuai, were all Late True Gods.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2395 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2396


Chapter 2396
Fend for ourselves
Honestly, this Hidden Secret Realm was a pretty big trial for the Linhe Boundary, cruel in fact. Only monsters could survive the trial and stand at the peak of the world of cultivators.
“Look, what is that?” Man Shuai said and pointed at a black cloud that was rushing towards them.
“It’s those man-eating ants again.” Jiang Chen said with a solemn expression.
“Such a terrifying swarm, not even a Heavenly God expert could survive from them. Look, not a single soul nor vegetation survived wherever they passed,” Xu Jin said with an ugly expression.
“Those fellas are coming our way,” Wu Qianxun said, her feet were moving backwards.
“Five Elemental Trigram Fire Formation!” Jiang Chen roared.
The formation instantly surrounded them and the ant wave passed through them.
While the terrifying scene unfolded before them, floras and faunas were decimated as these beasts scourged their path.
Within the Five Elemental Trigram Fire Formation, the group was able to watch, albeit nervously, the infinite ants pass through. They also witnessed countless ants crashing towards the formation and were burnt to a crisp. These ants were not strong but they’re mighty in their numbers.
It was thanks to the Five Elemental Trigram Fire Formation that they’re able to survive.
An emotionless killing machine.
“Such a terrifying swarm. Once again, thank you, Jiang Chen. ” Wu Tinghou said.
Jiang Chen has a lot of tricks under his sleeve. To be able to calmly face these ants… the Five Elemental Trigram Fire Formation was able to isolate us from those ants…
They did not need to do anything to fend for themselves.
After half an hour later, the swarm disappeared towards the edge of the northern boundary.
“For those man-eating ants to execute such a large-scale migration… something big must’ve happened. I saw a king within the group, a Heavenly God, however, it chose to not attack us. Probably thought that the Five Elemental Trigram Fire Formation is unbreakable for them. But I could also feel that the king is very anxious,” Jiang Chen said.
Nobody refuted him as it was reasonable. Plus, it’s not their first time encountering such a situation.
“I think so too. Jiang Chen could be right. But are we going to go have a look?” Zhang Lei said.
“Agreed… Look! Oh my God. Are those bats? Is that a group of bats?” Yang Jian looked up and saw a flock of bats that covered the whole sky, causing his hair to stand on end.
The scream that came from the bats caused them to feel nauseated, however, the bat waves could not go through Jiang Chen’s defensive formation and thousands of dead bats were left surrounding the group.
The bats were similar with the ant wave in terms of number. As the bats flew past them from the sky, it felt like the sky had darkened and the light was gone. Jiang Chen felt pressured from looking at the colony of bats, as it too was led by a Heavenly God, similar to Fire Qilin’s strength.
“Terrifying. I bet that those fellas must be pursuing something.” Xu Jin said as more and more demonic beasts marched towards the northern end of the realm, there must be something big happening over there.
“Looks like we’ll have to check it out. My curiosity is killing me.” Wu Qianxun said with a smile.
Everyone silently nodded. Curiosity killed the cat, but nobody cared about it when all of them were in the same state.
Xu Jin and Liu Quanchao were the first to move, and the group then advanced straight towards the northern edge of the realm at an extreme speed.
Seven days later, they finally reached their destination. Over there, they bumped into the One Word Feng Yun Hall’s Yu Rongyan.
“I am Xu Jin. How are you? Brother Rong Yan. Hehe.” Xu Jin said with a smile as he looked at Yu Rongyan.
There were 10 experts standing behind him, including two Half-Step Heavenly Gods within their ranks.
“I’m fine. This is Black Feather Sect’s Lady Qin Yumo, this is Flying Hawk Sect’s Dongfang Kuangyin. They’re Half-Step Heavenly God Experts. ” Yu Rongyan replied with a smile.
“There’s something I must tell you, Brother Yang, he… haih… died in a battle, I could not do anything to prevent it.” Xu Jin said apologetically
Yu Rongyan’s expression changed but it immediately turned into a sigh. Who can he blame? Everything under heaven has its own course, nobody knows who’ll succeed or fall within this place, otherwise, this will not be called a trial.
“Bah… That is probably his fate. To survive through this trial, strength plays an important part, and so is one’s luck. The three of us have killed countless people that stood in our way, from the original 100 men strong to the current group of people after going through countless dangers.” Yu Rongyan nodded as he knew that it was an unchangeable fact.
“This is Heavenly Star Sect’s Liu Quanchao, Earthly Hades Sect’s Zhang Lei, Wuyi Sect’s Brothers Wu Qianxun and Wu Tinghou. This is Profound Feng Sect’s … ”
Xu Jin was interrupted by Dongfang Kuangyin as he sneered:
“Profound Feng Sect? Are those guys even worthy? More than half of them are probably on the run, running and hiding for their lives, I guess luck is also a part of one’s strength.”
“You’re right, I hope they won’t bring us down when the time comes. Since nobody will help you in the face of a life-and-death situation if you’re incompetent.” Qin Yumo indifferently said as she looked at the trio from the Profound Feng Sect with disdain.
Xu Jin’s expression froze, he wanted to say something but was stopped by Jiang Chen. The latter smiled without saying anything. Xu Jin could only smile bitterly in response.
Those touches of sarcasm were nothing for Jiang Chen because he regards the other party as pebbles by the roadside.
“You’re right, then we’ll have to fend for ourselves then.” Jiang Chen said with a pale smile.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2396 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2397


Chapter 2397
The power of belief
“You all look pretty rugged, did anything happen while you guys were on your way here?” Xu Jin looked at yu Rongyan and asked.
“You’re right. I’ve killed a Half-Step Heavenly God demonic beast, he said that a peerless divine beast will appear in the Burying Soul Mountain on the northern part of the realm. This peerless divine beast may change the whole situation of the whole Secret Hidden Realm. Hence, we came here as fast as we could. We bumped into two waves of migrating demonic beasts, it was extremely dangerous.” Yu Rongyan said solemnly.
Even though their relationship wasn’t great, they all knew that it was impertinent for them to ally themselves and be able to laugh until the end. Since they’re all here for the peerless divine beast, at least they’ll be able to do something with the men they had.
“We bumped into groups of bats and ants migrating on our way here too, could this peerless divine beast be a great treasure?” Liu Quanchao said in a serious demeanour.
“Probably so. But we cannot ignore other possibilities that may happen. After all. this place is a place of death. I heard the seniors from my sect said that the Burying Soul Mountain was simply a place to bury the dead. Other than that, there’s nothing special about this place, so it’s rare for people to come here. But this time around, this place might not be so simple since even countless demonic beasts gathered.” Yu Rongyan said.
“We’re betting our lives in this operation, I hope there won’t be others who would bring us down. Hehe, at that time, we won’t be that lenient about it. Only the true experts are qualified to live in this world. One could only get so far under a person’s protection. It’ll be too late to regret when the time comes.” Qin Yumo’s lips slightly curved, it was a smile of sarcasm.
“Then, there’s no need for us to join hands. Since some of you look down on us… we do not need to discuss this matter any further.” Xu Jin shook his head.
He felt that Jiang Chen was wronged. They’re just flaunting their strength, you really think you’re hot sh*t? Jiang Chen could easily sweep the floor against all three of you without a problem.
“Enough, Yumo, we need to gather all the available resources for this operation and our chance of survival may increase. This Burying Soul Mountain has gathered countless demonic beasts, we must not look down on them.” Yu Rongyan said quietly.
He values heavily upon this alliance.
“I am just worried that somebody may become a piece of baggage in this operation.” Qin Yumo sneered. Although she’s pretty, her heart was ice cold and only sarcasm could be heard from her.
Jiang Chen was unfazed. Same goes for Yang Jian and Man Shuai even though they were dissatisfied with it.
“Look, that must be the Burying Soul Mountain.” Someone spoke.
Giant dark clouds hover on top of the mountain, and a black qi then pierce through the sky as if the earth was being moved by it.
Dominating qis surged out from the surrounding area of the Burying Soul Mountain as hundreds of Heavenly God demonic beasts unleashes their qi. At this moment, everyone’s hair stood, they did not know how many groups of monsters were under those demonic beasts, but it was certainly a force to be reckoned. What is happening over there? Those dark clouds were covering the thousand-meter radius of the mountain range.
“Something’s different about this Burying Soul Mountain. To attract these many demonic beasts over here, something great must be coming out from there. But it’ll be impossible for us to get out of the encirclement from these many beasts.” Wu Tinghou said quietly.
However, everyone knew deep down, even though he did not say it, that just a single one of those Heavenly God beasts could wipe them all out, more so now that they’re hundreds of them. All of these demonic beasts most likely came rushing towards this place.
“It’ll be impossible for us to join into the fray, but in this distance we’re still able to observe and see what’s happening in the Burying Soul Mountain. Let’s stay put and be an audience, we’ll take our chance when there’s an opportunity, but if there aren’t any, we’ll just let sit this one out. The Hidden Secret Realm’s portal is opening soon, it won’t be worth it for us to risk our lives for such a thing. Hehe.” Yu Rongyan said with a pale smile.
“What are those demonic beasts doing in this place?” Yang Jian couldn’t help but ask.
“Yeah. There’s a lot of demonic beasts over there, it’ll be a great battle if they all decided to clash, we’ll be in luck if we’re not caught in between their battles.” Man Shuai added.
“You’re right. Hehe, we’re weak compared to those Heavenly God demonic beasts, we’ll just be an observer if the situation does not allow it, this operation is not an easy one.” Jiang Chen said quietly.
“It’s great that you understand it, but why aren’t you running away? hahaha.” Dongfang Kuangyin suddenly appeared beside Jiang Chen and the gang.
“Nobody will think that you’re a deaf even if you remain silent.” Yang Jian sneered.
“Your strength is barely acceptable. But you’re the same as an ant if you haven’t attained the Half-Step Heavenly God Realm. It’ll be impossible for you to fend for yourself. ” Dongfang Kuangyin said.
“Sometimes, one’s strength does not dictate all, a person could also win against fate.” Jiang Chen laughed.
“Are you joking? Win against fate? Who do you think you are? Or you’re just that good-mannered? I hate guys like you the most, guys who act as if he’s some hot-shit, a weakling should act as a weakling does. Hmph.
“The other two are not qualified except for you. Mid True God Realm… Heh, it’ll be your loss if you don’t listen to your senior’s advice.” Dongfang Kuangyin looked at Yang Jian and turned away.
It caused Yang Jian and Man Shuai to be furious. But at this moment, Jiang Chen was still unfazed by his action as he gazed upon the Burying Soul Mountain.
At this moment, Jiang Chen clearly saw that there were countless tribal groups under those Heavenly God beasts, their numbers were at least millions…
However, they were unexpectedly kneeling on all four towards the Burying Soul Mountain.
Jiang Chen’s heart slightly trembled from the sight of it. That was a form of worship, the power of belief, a power that stands above all, one that could even pierce the heavens and utilise the stars according to their whims.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2397 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2398


Chapter 2398
Those who know nothing are fearless
All the demonic beasts were kneeling on all four towards the direction of the mountain. Their eyes were filled with reverence as they kneeled and kowtow.
They were led by a hundred or so Heavenly God demonic beasts. The scene was like an ancient mysterious cult ceremony as the beasts murmured a certain chant, however they could not understand what they were murmuring about. Jiang Chen had a strong premonition that they had complete reverence and fear towards that something.
“Are those fellas worshipping? What are they worshipping over there?” Qin Yumo said with disdain.
This girl was somewhat pretty but she was arrogant, not even Yu Rongyan had any authority over her.
“Hehe, they’re probably afraid, afraid that they’re going to die soon and they’re praying for their afterlife, praying that they won’t be buried in this mountain. They look like they’re going for a free-for-all slaughter feast for the mightiest of them to be born.” Dongfang Kuangyin said as he gazed towards Qin Yumo.
He looked highly upon Qin Yumo, hoping that they could have something more between them, however, Qin Yumo’s criteria for men was extremely high. Only one person was able to fit her criteria, that was the Clear Stream Sect’s number one expert, Grand Guardian Xuanyuan Canglan.
“Perhaps, Xuanyuan Canglan is in the middle of all that. I hope I could see him this time, then my search for him for these past few months will not be in vain. I think he’ll certainly be present for such a grand event.” Qin Yumo murmured.
“Xuanyuan Canglan? Hmph, the Grand Guardian of the Clear Stream Sect. I have to see what makes him so special to make you fall head over heels in love. As long as he is not a Heavenly God, then I, Dongfang Kuangyin, still have a chance of beating him.” Dongfang Kuangyin reluctantly said.
“You could never beat Xuanyuan Canglan even if there are ten of you, you think that the Grand Guardian of Clear Stream Sect is that easy to beat? They’re the top sect for the past thousands of years, they certainly have their resources to stay at the top. Hmph, you’re nothing compared to him. ” Qin Yumo said coldly.
Her dream was to fight side-by-side with Xuanyuan Canglan. She’s not one to be careless at this stage. Even though Dongfang Kuangyin was pretty strong, he’s still far off compared to Xuanyuan Canglan. She had witnessed Xuanyuan Canglan managing to withstand an attack from a Heavenly God and escape. How could such a man not stand above all Half-Step Heavenly Gods?
“Truly, one who knows nothing is fearless. You certainly are not Xuanyuan Canglan’s match.” Jiang Chen said indifferently.
“Who the f*ck do you think you are to comment about me?!” Dongfang Kuangyin shouted as he unleashed his Half-Step Heavenly God Qi towards Jiang Chen.
He could not channel his anger towards Qin Yumo, but Jiang Chen was different, a mere Mid True God dared to belittle him?! He must be looking to die.
“You’ll have to go through us brothers!” Wu Tinghou and Wu Xianqun stepped forward, both of them had already reached the Half-Step Heavenly God Realm and they were pretty powerful if they joined hands.
Dongfang Kuangyin got angrier as they stood in front of Jiang Chen.
“The two of you do not have what it takes to face me! You guys are truly fearless!” Dongfang Kuangyin shouted as he launched a palm strike.
The duo did not back off but leapt forward, instead. At that moment, Dongfang Kuangyin felt that his attack landed on a sturdy wall, he then knew that the duo was not any weaker than him.
“Are you going to be a coward constantly protected by others?! You said that I am beneath Xuanyuan Canglan, who gave you the right to say that?! I shall take it as you challenging me if you do not give me a valid reason! ” Dongfang Kuangyin said in a fit of violent anger.
Particularly due to the Wu Brothers opposing him, he must show Qin Yumo that he’s someone worthy too.
“I thank the two brother’s good intentions. Since he’s dead set on challenging me, I ought to not dodge it forever, right? Otherwise, people will think that I’m a coward.” Jiang Chen smiled while shaking his head.
“A trash like him does not require you to dirty your hands, Brother Jiang. Just watch us brothers deal with him.” Wu Qianxun said.
Wu Tinghou, on the other hand, pulled him aside and shook his head.
“Very well, we shall step aside and watch. Brother Jiang, please show him mercy, otherwise, Dongfang Kuangyin will lose his face.” Wu Tinghou said in a serious manner.
Dongfang Kuangyin’s anger was further enhanced by his words. Because these brothers were playing him for a fool in the face of someone who he considered as a lamb to be slaughtered by him…
“Since you like to be a hero, then I shall show you what a true expert is. You do not have what it takes to stand before me!” Dongfang Kuangyin said with a domineering attitude as he walked closer to Jiang Chen.
At this moment, Dongfang Kuangyin caught the attention of Xu Jin, Liu Quanchao and Yu Rongyang.
“What is the meaning of this? Is Brother Dongfang trying to bully a junior? He’s only a Mid True God!” Yu Rongyan said quietly.
He too, wanted to see how great this Jiang Chen was. What made him so special for Liu Quanchao, Xu Jin and the Wu Brothers to protect and follow him.
“Since he’s the one who started it, I will not let this go quietly. My honour is inviolable,” Dongfang Kuangyin shouted as he closed the distance, not planning to give Jiang Chen a chance to run away.
“Dongfang Kuangyin, do not go too far.” Liu Quanchao shouted.
“Did you not see who started this?! Me going too far?! Hehe, I think everyone knows who started this fight.” Dongfang Kuangyin said.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2398 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2399


Chapter 2399
One that brings troubles to the herd
“I shall accept his challenge!”
Jiang Chen waved his hand and interrupted Liu Quanchao and the others. Yu Rongyan was slightly startled by his charisma. He’s no simple man…
Qin Yumo’s eyes slightly squinted as curiosity rose within her heart, leaving Dongfang Kuangyin to feel extreme anger, and hatred towards Jiang Chen. He’s dead set on battling Jiang Chen to prove himself, to let Jiang Chen know this suffering was his own fault. Plus… he could also flex his might in front of his goddess…
“As you wish,” Jiang Chen replied.
The spectators on Yu Rongyan’s side sneered, a Mid True God dared to accept the challenge from a Half-Step Heavenly God expert, foolish indeed.
“Hahaha, looks like your Young Master Dongfang is going to show his strength once again.”
“There are always fools that like to gain attention from others, but, him? Hehe, he’ll probably die from just a single kick from the Young Master.”
“I am willing to bet that the fella could not withstand three full strikes.”
“Three attacks? Haha, stop joking. One is already more than he could take, but his courage is commendable.”
“Young Master Dongfang, do not hold back, let that fool of a man know what it means to be a true expert.”
The ones behind Dongfang Kuangyin ‘cheered’ him as they looked at Jiang Chen with disdain. A mere Mid True God dared to stand against their leader… such a fool must be thoroughly educated.
“Three strikes, stop being cocky if you cannot even hurt me.” Jiang Chen said indifferently.
“Three strikes? Haha, I can kill you with just one.” Dongfang Kuangyin said after laughing madly as he looked at Jiang Chen with disdain.
Dongfang Kuangyin attacked with his palm and created three wind pressures with the prestige of a Half-Step Heavenly God towards Jiang Chen. The latter, however, just stood there, completely unfazed as the attacks landed on his body.
Jiang Chen smirked as the attack landed, the force then rebounded back to Dongfang Kuangyin, pushing the latter back. The Profound Heavenly Armour’s defence could not be broken by the likes of Dongfang Kuangyin. Dongfang Kuangyin’s expression became ugly, and the onlookers were shocked when they saw the result.
They did not expect Jiang Chen to be so strong that he’s able to reflect back Dongfang Kuangyin’s mighty strike.
“That fella?! He managed to withstand Young Master Dongfang’s strike?!”Someone murmured.
“I refuse to believe it, he must be using some kind of trick…”
“Duh! Probably… Young Master Dongfang looked down on his opponent and did not attack using his full force, otherwise, that fella would’ve already died. Observe, this time, he won’t give Jiang Chen any chance, for sure.”
Some of the onlookers nodded in agreement because they refused to believe that Dongfang Kuangyin could not even beat a Mid True God.
Yu Rongyang was slightly shocked but he also believed that Dongfang Kuangyin was just careless and, as a result, gave his opponent a chance to avoid his attack.
But only Dongfang Kuangyin knew that he had put 80% of his strength behind that palm strike, yet Jiang Chen was able to withstood it. Looks like I have to use all of my strength on the next one. Even if it doesn’t kill him, it will surely let him know his place.
“This time, I will show no mercy.” Dongfang Kuangyin sneered as he attacked using his full force.
He did not hold back this time. Yet Jiang Chen was still calm and was even able to push him back again. It felt like there was an impenetrable armour protecting Jiang Chen.
“So that’s what it is… A defensive treasure, no wonder you’re able to act tough in front of me, hmph.”
“So what? Talk after you have the ability to break through it.” Jiang Chen said calmly.
His impression on Dongfang dwindled further. Even though Dongfang was pretty strong within the group, he’s one that will bring trouble to the group.
Jiang Chen thought Dongfang Kuangyin would back off but he was a stubborn one as he was dead set on killing his opponent.
“Hmph, eat my third attack!” Dongfang Kuangyin roared furiously and attacked with his longsword.
Jiang Chen, without accident, pushed him back the third time. Dongfang Kuangyin’s eyes became cold as he roared and attacked the fourth time.
“Meteor Moon Sword, Die!” Dongfang Kuangyin attacked with a flurry of sword strikes.
The sword strikes closed off Jiang Chen’s escape yet the latter just stood there silently. Because Yu Rongyan appeared in front of him and roared with a cold expression.
“Aren’t you feeling ashamed?! Dongfang.” Yu Rongyan shouted furiously.
Dongfang Kuangyin was startled and halted his attack. Whereby Qin Yumo chuckled and diverted her gaze towards elsewhere.
“Three strikes have already been done. You could not even break through Junior Jiang Chen’s defences, do you want to disgrace yourself further?” Yu Rongyan said coldly.
He, too, was shocked as he may also not be able to break through Jiang Chen’s defences.
*Clap! Clap! Clap!*
“Fabulous. It’s been a long time. Looks like there is a lot of young and promising talent here. Hahaha, Brother Jiang.”
A burst of frank laughter entered Jiang Chen’s ears, and he frowned as complicated feelings welled up within him.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2399 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2400


Chapter 2400
I will be the one who dies if I don’t kill him
Others may not know but Jiang Chen knew exactly who was coming. It was Clear Stream Sect’s Third Grand Guardian, Tang Zhen. He’s also a Half-Step Heavenly God and was definitely stronger than Yu Rongyan and the others. Jiang Chen was slightly shocked as Tang Zhen had gotten much stronger than the last he saw him. What about the peerless monster of the Clear Stream Sect?
Even though Tang Zhen wasn’t as strong as Xuanyuan Canglan, he’s still a force to be reckoned with. Everyone else was shocked by his appearance, it was too sudden. However, Tang Zhen only had Jiang Chen in his eyes, everyone else was insignificant.
“You’ve gotten stronger.” Jiang Chen said quietly.
“Haha. Of course, you’re the same. Even though you’re only a Mid True God, I believe that a normal Half-Step Heavenly God could not even break through your defences. Damn, I’m itching to spar with you myself.” Tang Zhen laughed loudly.
Even though it was a prideful speech, it wasn’t cockiness nor arrogance, because he knew Jiang Chen was not a simple man.
“Who is that?” Xu Jin said as he was slightly startled.
He hadn’t heard of Tang Zhen’s name, only his strength, a strong guy to be reckoned with.
“Tang Zhen, Clear Stream Sect’s Third Grand Guardian.” Yu Rongyan said quietly.
At this moment, everyone gasped, the title of Clear Stream Sect’s Third Grand Guardian was too much information for them to handle. Nobody dared to offend the people of Clear Stream Sect, much less their grand guardian.
Clear Stream Sect was one of the strongest in the Hidden Secret Realm and the Linhe Boundary, and they could even represent the whole Linhe Boundary. One could imagine just how powerful they were.
The Second Grand Guardian, however, was killed by Jiang Chen, and only Liu Quanchao and the others knew about it. Yu Rongyan’s group knew nothing about it, otherwise, they wouldn’t be that disrespectful towards Jiang Chen.
Third Grand Guardian Tang Zhen was also a powerful expert. At this moment, he only had Jiang Chen in his eyes, causing Yu Rongyan and the others to be shocked.
“Perhaps we may have the chance. But I fear that we may have to face each other as enemies in the future.” Jiang Chen said.
Tang Zhen frowned as he looked at Jiang Chen weirdly. It felt like he wanted to say something but did not.
“What are you trying to say? Brother Jiang, there seems to be a hidden message behind those words. Even when the time comes where we have to fight for each of our sects, I do not wish to fight you. Because that would mean that only one of us could survive. Heed my words, leave this mountain, this is not a place for you to stay.” Tang Zhen said in a serious manner.
“Really? Why can’t I be here when you can?” Jiang Chen said.
Something big was happening in the Burying Soul Mountain. Xuanyuan Canglan was most likely here too. Tang Zhen alone could not do much in this place, that was certain.
“You know I didn’t mean that… Jiang Chen, why don’t you listen to me? I know you’re strong and confident to boot. But this time, it’s different, it’s very dangerous here, you couldn’t match my Big Brother… Haih.” Tang Zhen sighed bitterly.
He was here to warn Jiang Chen. As long as his Big Brother manages to get what he wants in this mountain then he’ll certainly not look for Jiang Chen anymore, but it will be a different story if Jiang Chen decides to stay.
“Thank you, but I will not leave, this Burying Soul Mountain could possibly be the tomb for others, but not mine.” Jiang Chen looked at Tang Zhen seriously.
Even though he knew that Tang Zhen was here to warn him and was a person worthy of becoming his brother, they were still from two different sides. Tang Zhen on the side of Xuanyuan Canglan meant that he would face Jiang Chen.
Jiang Chen did not want to fight Tang Zhen, but now it’s too late. Him being here meant that Xuanyuan Canglan was nearby. Plus, this mountain was special. This was the cruel fate that they were faced with.
Nobody could escape this giant cauldron, and it’s uncertain who will live and laugh in the end.
“You’re still as stubborn as before. What can I do to make you leave? This is not a game, you could die here at any given moment.” Tang Zhen looked at Jiang Chen with fiery eyes.
At this moment, both of them finally calmed down.
“I killed Wu Rufeng.” Jiang Chen calmly said.
A tidal wave of emotion hit Tang Zhen’s heart. He did not expect that the one who murdered his Second Brother was none other than the only one he had befriended in this Hidden Secret Realm.
It was a heavy blow for Tang Zhen. He was the same chivalrous Tang Zhen as before, he looked down upon his elder brother’s tricks and dirty method and when they tried to attack Jiang Chen. But they were still brothers, it was impossible for him to betray his own brothers.
At this moment, Tang Zhen was having complicated feelings. His friend murdered his elder brother. He instinctively took a step back while shaking his head. He felt fear as he looked into Jiang Chen’s eyes. This person is unpredictable. Even though he knew that Jiang Chen could not threaten him and his life, there was fear and anger in his heart.
“Why?! Why did you kill my Second Brother?!” Tang Zhen shouted in anger.
“I will be the one who dies if I don’t kill him. This is the law of the jungle, those who are stronger will live a better life and those who are weaker will become one of the souls that your blade has devoured. I do not want to die. ” Jiang Chen said.
He said so in a righteous manner. But who knew about the bitterness and sadness he held within his heart?
Those who are not part of this cruel world of cultivators will never know. Those standing in this place had their hands dirtied with blood. But who else would willingly kill others for a living? They were forced to kill, to grow, to fight against this cruel world, death is just a sacrifice for the living, only those who live would be able to stand on the peak and laugh till the end.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2400 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2401


Chapter 2401
Blood Sacrifice of A Hundred Thousand Beasts
==
Tang Zheng had many reasons behind but he could not explain them to Jiang Chen. “If I don’t kill him, I would die”— these words had stopped Tang Zhen from talking. It was impossible to turn the situation around. Only one of them could stay alive. Tang Zhen knew his second brother’s personality and he would never let Jiang Chen go. However, he was still very shocked that Jiang Chen was capable of killing his second brother. He never thought Jiang Chen would be this terrifying.
Since they had been brothers for about ten years, one could easily imagine how angry Tang Zhen was right now. He took out his sword and pointed it at Jiang Chen, which terrified everyone except for Jiang Chen, who was the only one who stood still there. When he took out the sword, the sword cut off some of Jiang Chen’s hair. Tang Zhen looked at Jiang chen coldly and took a deep breath in. His imposing manner was spreading across in all directions, but his heart was devastated. Right now his family member had died, his brother had left. This made Tang Zhen suffer great pain psychologically.
Moreover, Tang Zhen was a person who cared about relationships.
“It’s a world based on the law of the jungle. Why don’t you run away?”
Tang Zhen was outraged and he felt heartbroken at this moment.
“Because, I see you as my friend.”
Jiag Chen said.
Tang Zhen shivered for a while and he shook his head, and smiled bitterly. Holding his sword, he turned around and left the place.
“Hahaha, our friendship has fallen apart from today onwards”
When Tang Zhen left, everyone finally felt relieved because this guy was really powerful and he could overcome everyone here except Jiang Chen. Jiang Chen was the only one who could fight him.
“The Third Great Guardian of Clear Stream Sect really lives up to his reputation. I am afraid that Tang Zhen is not any weaker than Wu Rufeng.” Liu Quanchao said solemnly.
Everyone felt the pressure while also doubting if Tang Zhen’s words were reliable. He said that the Burying Soul Mountain was going to fall and the ground would be broken apart. There would be chaos. But who was able to foresee all these? No one could answer this but their mood became gloomy because of Tang Zhen’s words.
“That’s right. I am afraid none of us is able to fight an expert like him.”
Zhang Lei said seriously. No one was willing to strengthen their enemy’s spirit, but what Zhang Lei said was the truth. Tang Zhen was so powerful that none of them would be able to fight him alone. None of them would be his match. In terms of strength, he had already overcome all of the people here. Jiang Chen was the only one who dared to stand face to face with Tang Zhen. He did not even take a half step backwards. He remained steady and calm under Tang Zhen’s sword.
Yu Rongyan, Qin Yumo and others were stunned as well. Jiang Chen had the most overbearing manner they had ever seen in their life. Except Jing Chen, who dared to deal with Tang Zhen’s sword just now?
Jiang Chen was stunned for a moment as he watched Tang Zhen leaving. He could not help smiling bitterly. He would like to explain to Tang Zhen about everything as well. However, it would not make any difference because they had different stands. No matter what would be said would not help the situation as they were still standing against each other. At least, he would not go to kill Tang Zhen. However, he would never let Xuanyuan Canglan stay alive.
“Look! The beasts have started jumping into the grand valley in the Burying Soul Mountain.” Yang Jian exclaimed.
Not only did they jump into the valley, what was shocking was that when they jumped into the valley, all of them burst into a bloody mist and spread across the sky. Hundreds and thousands of beasts unexpectedly burst into a bloody mist. Everyone took a cold breath as they watched the scene. These beasts seemed like courting death by themselves.
“This probably is a blood sacrifice.”
Zhang Lei said in a low voice while his eyes looked incredibly solemn. His tone was extremely depressing because of the intense smell of blood. The entire Burying Soul Mountain was like under the cover of the smell. It was very bloody and brutal.
“What’s blood sacrifice?”
“Blood sacrifice is a kind of ancient ceremony. It uses the fresh blood of hundred thousand beasts to build up a blood pond to glorify the Ancestral God. Once the blood sacrifice succeeds, it’s believed that a bloody rain would pour down all over the place. At the end, the Ancestral God would come out and step across the universe with his mightiness.”
Zhang Lei said in a deep voice, his heart was filled with fear. No one would dare to attempt this kind of blood sacrifice because it required the blood of a hundred thousand beasts.
“What a blood sacrifice. It is a way of calling for all the beasts to kill themselves.”
Yu Rongyan said coldly. This method was indeed too bloody and brutal. These beasts were also living beings like humans. It was magnificient to see hundred and thousands of beasts committing suicide but it was also depressing.
“Isn’t it too brutal and tragic? It’s a pond built by fresh blood. The grand valley of the Burying Soul Mountain has already been completely stained by blood now. What a tragedy.”
Man Shuai said with a deep voice.
Everyone was extremely worried. What Tang Zhen said once again resounded in Jiang Chen’s ear. That guy must have known something, so he gave advice to Jiang Chen to leave this place as soon as possible. But Jiang Chen could not understand the reason behind. He was afraid that what would happen in this place was not that simple. The major beasts that disappeared in the Nine Dragon Cave might not present yet because of this Burying Soul Mountain.
Jiang Chen had a lot of doubt and confusion in his heart. His questions might be solved one by one in this Burying Soul Mountain.
Stepping on the void, Jiang Chen looked to somewhere far. Indeed, the grand valley was filled with blood right now and a river of blood was flowing out from the valley. At the same time, more and more beasts run into the valley without hesitation.
Hundreds and thousands of Heavenly God Realm beasts worshipped the valley and they were all like under a curse, crashing into the valley without any regrets. At the end, all of them were turned into bloody mists.
It’s a heartbreaking tragedy. Man Shuai and others could not help feeling slight empathy for these beasts. It’s terrifying to witness this bloody sacrifice. Looking at the stream of blood, everyone’s mind went blank and they could only feel depressed.
“Are these beasts really willing to kill themselves like this? Or there is a terrifying strength that pushed these beasts into death?”
Jiang Chen murmured but he also realised something wrong at the moment.
“A strength that causes this?”
Jiang Chen frowned his forehead. His spiritual sense was always quite sharp. Although he did not know what his spiritual realm had reached, it was at least not weaker than any Heavenly God Realm experts.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2401 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2402


Chapter 2402
White-clothed Sword God
Jiang Chen made use of his spiritual strength immediately, and everything within the thousand miles was shown in his mind. He could sense the movement of each individual right now.
However, his Great Soul Derivation Technique could only help him this far. If he wanted his spiritual strength to become more powerful and dreadful, it would require a lot of hard work and it still would not be so easy. However, with his current Great Soul Derivation Technique, he could still sense an extraordinary spiritual strength.
“Stay alive, stay live…… I can’t die. Come back, I have to come back……”
This spiritual strength carried a mysterious pressure that only Jiang Chen could feel. This spiritual strength showed that the owner was in a deep confusion—he wanted to complete the blood sacrifice and transform himself. Did this mean that there was a spiritual strength wandering around the Burying Soul Mountain?
Jiang Chen was incomparably astonished by the spiritual strength. He did not know how dreadful it was, but it had brought hundreds and thousands of beasts into death for the blood sacrifice. Moreover, the spiritual strength managed to do this in a state of confusion.
While Jiang Chen was still confused, a figure appeared on the void. He had long hair that danced in the wind, wore white clothes and was holding an azure sword. He had a tall physique like an immortal pine tree that stood still on the void silently.
His face looked cold but charmining and he was filled with a dragon-like dignity. Everyone on the spot, including Jiang Chen, felt the incredibly great pressure. It was hard to describe how formidable this man was.
The surrounding air suddenly became cold because of the arrival of this man. He had made everyone feel incomparably solemn. This expert was even more superior than Tang Zhen. When Xu Rongyan, Xu Jin and the others exchanged a glance with him, they were deeply startled because even if they joined hands together to fight him, they might not be able to defeat him. He was like a very tall mountain that no one could conquer easily.
“Who is he? He’s so formidable, yet I have never heard of him before.”
Liu Quanchao frowned and he was extremely curious about this white-clothed man.
“I don’t know either.”
Xu Rongyan shook his head. He was extremely fearful and careful to this white-clothed young man.
“He only needs one more step to breakthrough to the Heavenly God Realm. An expert like him is too powerful in Hidden Secret Realm. He is not any weaker than any Heavenly God Realm beasts.”
Wu Tinghou sighed. This expert looked mysterious and unpredictable. Even if he appeared outside of Burying Soul Mountain, no one would dare to talk to him.
“A man in white with such magnificence standing in the void. An azure sword comes with him. I knew it. I know who he is. He’s the White-clothed Sword God, Xue Liang. I never expected that it’s him!”
Someone behind Xu Rongyan said suddenly. At this moment, Xu Rongyan and Liu Quanchao exchanged a glance and finally recalled a legendary person in Linhe Boundary. However, his cultivation realm had already surpassed Heavenly God Realm, why would he be here?
“White-clothed Sword God Xue Liang? Is he the unparalleled genius of Forgotten Sword Tomb? It’s said that he has reached Mid Heavenly God Realm. Why would he be here?”
Some people said with confusion
“Forgotten Sword Tomb is mysterious and unpredictable. After so many years, no one from the sect has ever entered Hidden Secret Realm. I think it has been more than a hundred thousand years. Many people have forgotten the Forgotten Sword Tomb. In the past, their lord was able to defeat ten great experts, including four of the sect lords of the ten major sects in Linhe Boundary.”
Xu Rongyan sighed. Looking at the Sword God, Xu Rong became more and more solemn.
“Yes. Many people have forgotten the Forgotten Sword Tomb for many years. However, I think that their heirs must not be ordinary. White-clothed Sword God Xue Liang was an invincible figure in Linhe Boundary ten years ago. There must be something behind about his arrival. Is it because the Burying Soul Mountain has attracted him here?”
Zhang Lei said with a low voice.
“It’s hard to say. The people of Forgotten Sword Tomb are unpredictable. Although he has constrained his cultivation realm at the Half-step Heavenly God Realm, only a step away from the next realm, an ordinary Half-step Heavenly God expert might not even have the chance to withstand him.”
Xu Rongyan looked incredibly solemn and spoke very highly of the White-clothed Sword God because Forgotten Sword Tomb was powerful and he was one of the outstanding figures in it.
“What would happen if he broke through to be a Heavenly God?”
“Then he would suffer five Thunder Strikes which is more powerful than the Heavenly Lightning Tribulation. That is why no Heavenly God expert dares to come to this place. Even though he has constrained his cultivation realm, he won’t be so lucky to avoid the misfortune.”
“The White-clothed Sword God seems quite powerful.”
Jiang Chen murmured..
“Moreover, I am afraid this man is not weaker than Xuanyuan Canglan at all. He might be even more superior than him. The two of them should be the most formidable experts in the entire Hidden Secret Realm.”
Liu Quanchao said and glanced at Jiang Chen to indicate to him not to underestimate the opponents. White-clothed Sword God’s silhouette was enough to make people terrified.
“Leave here. This is not a place for you guys.”
Xue Liang said with a faint and calm voice. However, everyone there felt what he said was like a warming but also a threat.
“Since we are already here, then we won’t leave easily. Thanks for your kind words.”
Xu Rongyan shouted loudly.
“Conceited.”
As soon as he finished his words, White-clothed Sword God turned around and left the place by traveling through the void. None of the Half-step Heavenly Gods would be able to use this technique.
“This guy is too arrogant. People only call him White-clothed Sword God because they show him respect. I don’t believe that he alone would be able to overcome so many of us together. Humph.”
Wu Qianxun said indifferently. Although his cultivation realm was not as high as White-clothed Sword God, Wu Qianxun thought that it was impossible for so many of them to be defeated by him alone. If he really constrained his real battle strength, he would only cause trouble to himself.
“One can’t judge a book by its cover.”
Jiang Chen smiled. Xue Liang had already rushed into the place, how would they be willing to fall behind?
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2402 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2403


Chapter 2403
A Legend
The White-clothed Sword God was a legend. Although Jiang Chen did not have much information about Xue Liang, he knew that this guy definitely was not simple. He was definitely one of Xuanyuan Canglan’s biggest opponents. An old Sword God and a new generation of Sword God who was the most outstanding disciple of Clear Stream Sect. What kind of spark would be ignited by two of them? Jiang Chen actually was looking forward to that moment.
Xue Liang soared into the sky like a white ray, stunning everyone. He was born to be like a dazzling sun that everyone would worship. The White-clothed Sword God was full of killing intent and he would definitely turn the whole situation around in the Hidden Secret Realm.
No one dared to underestimate him as he was able to deal with Heavenly God beasts effortlessly. Xue Liang was definitely one of the three most powerful people in the entire Hidden Secret Realm.
Although Xue Liang’s cultivation realm was constrained and was only at the Half-step Heavenly God Realm, a Heavenly God might not be able to withstand his mightiness. Basically, an ordinary Half-step Heavenly God could not achieve this but Xue Liang was an exception.
The sky above Burying Soul Mountain was fully covered by dark clouds. Countless beasts crashed into the valley of the mountain unceasingly, and blood was flowing around. Everyone’s eyes were filled with fear as more and more beasts died. There were bats, wildboars, gooses, snakes and more.
“Burying Soul Mountain is about to undergo a transformation soon.”
The White-clothed Sword God Xue Liang murmured. Even though his cultivation was actually at the Mid Heavenly God Realm, he could only suppress his own strength for a period of time. If he showed his true colour, the consequences would be unimaginable. It would be completely out of his imagination, however, he also felt that his current cultivation realm of Half-step Heavenly God Realm was not enough.
Xue Liang had already noticed something different at this Burying Soul Mountain because there might be a great scheme here. This was a sacrifice that cost too many lives. There must be someone behind wanting to gain the benefits from the blood sacrifice.
Xue Liang’s heart was extremely solemn to this Burying Soul Mountain due to a nightmare of an old man who came from the Forgotten Sword Tomb. After being awakened, he came to the Hidden Secret Realm. Although it sounded ridiculous, the old man was an expert who had entered the Hidden Secret Realm. Right now, the said old man became a true master, but he still could not get over the Burying Soul Mountain.
Xue Liang was very aware that once this blood sacrifice succeeded, it would be a dreadful weapon. Since his old ancestor was still very careful of this Burying Soul Mountain, one could already imagine how dreadful it was.
No one knew how many more beasts would sacrifice themselves in the valley. However, undeniably, the beasts looked like they existed for the purpose of being sacrificed here.
Jiang Chen and the others were extremely depressed as they watched so many lives being wasted so unreasonably. For these beasts, this might sound justified or dying here might be their glory. However, which of them knew the secret behind the blood sacrifice in the Burying Soul Mountain.
An unknown spiritual strength flooded into the grand valley while blood was overflowing everywhere. One could deeply sense the deadly air from the void. The blood sacrifice in Burying Soul Mountain was doomed to happen.
“The strength gathered from the beasts is still not strong enough right now. But once it is strong enough, the moment of change will surely arrive.”
Jiang Chen thought. Except for him, there might only be very few people who could sense this spiritual strength. Without the Great Soul Derivation Technique, he wouldn’t have been able to sense this. However, once this spiritual strength was formed up and become strong enough, the consequences would be terrifying.
Jiang Chen knew how dreadful this spiritual strength was.
“Or perhaps the blood sacrifice is calling for something? What is it for? Is it for humans or for beasts?”
Jiang Chen had so many thoughts inside his head but none of them could not be confirmed. Right now, the Burying Soul Mountain was almost totally closed and no one would be able to approach it. It could only be opened up by a powerful spiritual strength. No one, including White-clothed Sword God Xue Liang, was capable of approaching the center of the Burying Soul Mountain.
How magnificent would this blood sacrifice be with all the blood of the beasts? However, it was heartbreaking as it took away hundreds and thousands of lives. But it was also the beasts’ wish, wasn’t it? No one knew that those beasts actually mumbled something in their mouth.
“Or maybe there is a terrifyingly dreadful beast buried inside the mountain?”
Liu Quanchao said in a deep voice and his countenance fell. If this continued, he did not know how many more innocent beasts would die here. But this was not what they really worried about, they were concerned about the transformation that was going to happen. Once the valley was completely full with blood, would there be something more dreadful that would happen?
Liu Quanchao’s words had its own point. Everyone was clear that there must be something bad that was about to happen with the blood sacrifice in the Burying Soul Mountain. It must be an extraordinary man or beast who was able to bring hundreds and thousands of beasts to worship him.
“It’s hard to say. It’s possible that a terrifying expert will be reborn from his soul. Anything can happen.”
Xu Jin said in a low voice. He just said what he felt like to say because everyone actually already knew that anything could happen once the blood sacrifice finished. Some said that the Burying Soul Mountain was a place full of treasure, but some said that it was a land of death. Even though they knew that coming here was just like seeking death, they still chose to come. But they were more careful than those beasts and knew that they had to protect their life well. Once something big happened later on, they might not be able to stay calm anymore.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2403 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2404


Chapter 2404
Battle between the Top Experts
“I feel that my heart is trembling, and the feeling of fear is getting stronger and stronger. Maybe we shouldn’t be here from the very beginning,” Wu Tinghou said in a low voice.
Discouraging words like these terrified everyone here. But they knew that Wu Tinghou was not talking nonsense because they felt what he felt as well. Each of them felt the same but only Wu Tinghou spoke out their worry.
“Are we really going to leave here? Humph. A group of cowards.”
Dongfang Kuangyin said indifferently. He always had this arrogant attitude when facing Jiang Chen and the others. Among these people, he only felt that Xu Jin and Liu Quanchao shared the same standard with him as both of them were Half-step Heavenly Gods. Jiang Chen was only able to defeat through luck. That was why he was unhappy with Jiang Chen. If they were in a real battle, he would definitely beat Jiang Chen easily.
Yang Jian smiled coldly and said, “If you are so capable, why don’t you go into the bloody grand valley? Aren’t you just saying something you wouldn’t dare to do? You are not even a match for a Mid True God, how daring are you to brag about yourself?”
He detested people like Dongfang Kuangyin the most who looked down upon others. One should not bully others as no one knew who was going to be the winner at the end.
“A bunch of rubbish. Hahaha. Do you think you can come to this Burying Soul Mountain? You’re doomed to be buried here. I swear.”
Dongfang Kuangying said proudly.
Xu Rongyan looked irritated because this man was too arrogant. Moreover, if he kept his attitude like this, everyone in their alliance would be unsatisfied.
“Let’s see then.”
Jiang Chen smiled. He did not argue with Dongfang Kuanying anymore because there was a hurricane stirring up at the bloody valley. The hurricane started very small in size but then it expanded with a lightning speed. It was spinning in the valley and soon it would sweep across the entire Burying Soul Mountain.
On the top of the mountain, Xu Liang could be seen standing with his sword. He looked calm and solemn as he stared at the bloody river. In his eyes, he only cared about battle as he was a true battle maniac. He only had one purpose upon entering the Hidden Secret Realm. He was here to train himself and build up his strength in order to get ready for the Xuan Wu Gate Battle at the Lone Dragon County. Although these golden stones were not very strong, they would also be beneficial to the battle of the same grade.
Of course, he valued what was currently happening in the Soul Burying Mountain the most. He did not really know what was hiding inside but it doesn’t matter because there’s no failure in the White-clothed Sword God’s eyes. He had always conquered everything he faced.
At the moment, there were some dreadful bloody lines appearing in the sky. It looked like an incomparably huge skeleton. When the hurricane was stirred up, all of the blood was splashed on the void and on the skeletal lines. No one knew what the huge skeleton was. But everything was going on in a structured way.
A thousand miles away, a black figure was standing in the sky with his invincible pressure. Who would he be if he was not the Great Guardian of Clear Stream Sect, Xuanyuan Canglan?
His eyes looked incomparably solemn as he watched the most important moment for the Burying Soul Mountain. It was fully covered by blood after hundreds and thousands of beasts were buried there. The blood sacrifice was almost coming to an end and what had changed Burying Soul Mountain were exactly these beasts.
“Unexpectedly, even White-clothed Sword God is here. Hehe, seems like the Burying Soul Mountain managed to attract the true expert to come.”
Xuanyuan Canglan said, the corner of his mouth was overflowing with a smile. Even though he had to deal with Xue Liang, he was not afraid at all. Obviously, he was absolutely confident of himself.
“Seems like you are relevant to this incident, aren’t you?”
The White-clothed Sword God looked cold. He gave Xuanyuan Canglan a glance and said.
“The incident happened because of heaven and earth. Why would it be related to me? Hehe.”
“Don’t have to pretend anymore, Xuanyuan Canglan. If it is irrelevant to you, why would you be this relaxed and calm? Your sect always loves to play tricks. What do you aim to do this time?”
Xue Liang said with a cold smile. He knew very well about Clear Stream Sect’s style. When the competition between Clear Stream Sect and Forgotten Sword Tomb was very intense a thousand years ago, the people of Forgotten Sword Tomb chose to give up the top position to Clear Stream Sect. It’s because the people of Clear Stream Sect loved to catch the public’s eyes while the people of Forgotten Sword Tomb preferred peace and ease. So, they chose to avoid the world and become an unworldly sect. It was very rare for their disciples to appear in public.
“So what? Was Forgotten Sword Tomb planning to be part of it? Hehe. Do you guys qualify to do so?”
Xuanyuan Canglan said with disdain.
“Does that mean that you have admitted that you knew the secret of the Burying Soul Mountain?”
“Hehe. You want me to reveal you something, don’t you? You are so naive, Xue Liang. Do you really think that you’ll be invincible in this place? If we are outside of Hidden Secret Realm, I might still show you some respect. But, you’re only a Half-step Heavenly God here, what can you do to me? Who knows, maybe you would be killed here.”
Xuanyuan Canglan said with a smile.
“Let’s see.”
Xue Liang smiled too.
“For sure.”
Xuanyuan Canglan stared at Xue Liang ruthlessly. The grudges between the two sects were all shown in this moment. Although Clear Stream Sect and Forgotten Sword Tomb had not disturbed each other throughout the thousand years, they were actually irreconcilable.
Jiang Chen moved his sight and saw two experts going to have a fierce battle soon. It’s a battle between the top experts of the young generation, but it was also a glorious battle between Clear Stream Sect and Forgotten Sword Tomb.
At the same time, the skeleton on the void had slowly become complete but no one was able to see clearly what was on the bloody skeleton.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2404 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2405


Chapter 2405
Flying Fairy
The battle between the two outstanding disciples of the young generation, Xue Liang and Xuanyuan Canglan, was very eye-catching. Xue Liang was slightly more superior than Xuanyuan Canglan and his prestige was quite high in Linhe Boundary. However, their strength seemed neck to neck in this Hidden Secret Realm.
“I always heard that you were the most outstanding expert of the young generation and you would at least be one of the top three. Today, I am going to see if your strength really lives up to your name.”
Xuanyuan Canglan smiled and said in a playful tone. Right now, they were standing on the same starting line, so he was not worried that he would be defeated. On the other hand, he was quite excited to have a battle with White-clothed Sword God because of his popularity. However, there were still twenty years of gap between them. Xue Liang had been a Heavenly God Realm expert much earlier than him.
No matter experts or geniuses, both of these groups of people were very narrow-minded because they knew that there could only be one true genius amongst them. They could not accept other people. That was why it was said that experts were doomed to be alone. They had to fight with all of the other experts and be the one at the top.
That was also why Xuanyuan Canglan challenged Xue Liang. On the other hand, Xue Liang was highly confident because he was a true Heavenly God Realm expert. Even though his cultivation realm was constrained at Half-step Heavenly God Realm right now, he was far more superior than Xuanyuan Canglan in terms of experience and divine strength.
Xuanyuan Canglan was a genius, but wasn’t he also a genius? Not being able to enter the Hidden Secret Realm during his most glamorous time had been Xue Liang’s greatest regret. If he could defeat Xuanyuan Canglan with his Half-step Heavenly God Realm now, he would see this victory as a way to fulfill his dream.
Jiang Chen was watching their battle as it was quite beneficial for him to learn more about these two experts. If they ever fight in the future, he would be more confident. However, until now, Xuanyuan Canglan and the White-clothed Sword God had not taken action yet.
Jiang Chen squirted his eyes as he had no confidence to deal with these two experts right now. Although they were only Half-step Heavenly Gods, they were capable of killing Heavenly God Realm beasts. The coming battle would be a battle of glory between the two most formidable geniuses. It would also be a battle to show their true colours.
“It would be the best if both of you would be injured badly during your battle.”
Jiang Chen said and grinned. However, it was obviously not possible because only fools would show their true colours and let others see through them in the current situation at the Burying Soul Mountain. Jiang Chen knew that they were currently at a disadvantage as both Xuanyuan Canglan and the White-clothed Sword God had some kind of understanding about the Burying Soul Mountain. At the same time, the bloody skeleton on the void had turned into a dreadful shape of a monster. It was disturbing. They did not know yet whether it was a terrifying beast or not.
If the enemy had not taken action, the other one would not take action. Whoever took action first might expose their weakness first but whoever took action late might lose the opportunity. Each of them was waiting for each other to take action first.
“If you want to know my strength, then attack me. Let’s try to see if you could escape from me.”
Xue Liang said faintly while looking calm and standing still. He might be the only one who could stay this calm and stand with a disdainful attitude in front of Xuanyuan Canglan.
“Alright. Today I will give you the chance. No one can tarnish the dignity of Clear Stream Sect. After this battle, I will be the only one who’ll be breathing in the Hidden Secret Realm.”
Xuanyuan Canglan’s words frightened Xue Liang a bit and he started being concerned. Is this man planning a terrifying scheme? Hundreds and thousands of geniuses had entered the Hidden Secret Realm before and there were only around nine hundred people walking out here alive in total. Each of them who survived had become legendary experts. But this time Xuanyuan Canglan wanted to kill everyone here and be the only one who would walk out alive?
Although this was just his guess, Xue Liang would not forget about this thought. He raised up his head and looked at the bloody skeleton which had been formed up. In the hurricane, the level of bloody river had risen up and splashed to the void above. It’s bloody and terrifying.
The smell of blood spread in the air and made people feel depressed.
“Roll Cloud Palm!”
Xuanyuan Canglan took action immediately as lightning struck across the universe. His palm was like a divine palm pressing down heavily against Xue Liang but Xue Liang managed to take out his sword immediately and resist his strike effortlessly.
Xuanyuan Canglan attacked again as lightning struck unceasingly. He stepped on the void, and suddenly, the bloody clouds turned into a bloody palm covering the entire sky. The atmosphere was extremely dreadful. His palm strike, however, failed to harm Xue Liang again as Xue Liang was extremely careful and defended himself with his sword.
The Sword God’s mightiness was displayed fully at the moment. Even Jiang Chen had to admit that Xue Liang’s sword technique was seriously dreadful. Everyone’s face looked terrified and even some Half-step Heavenly Gods were worried about it.
“If his sword strikes me, I might be killed immediately or torn apart.”
Liu Quanchao said while smiling bitterly.
“I can’t resist this sword.”
Xu Rongyan said in a low voice. It’s not scary to admit your failure but it would be sad if you could not face failure. Xu Rongyan finally understood that the difference between a Half-step Heavenly God and Heavenly God was huge. At the beginning, he thought that they could join hands to deal with Xu Liang, and the worst that could happen to them would be both of them getting injured badly. But now, Xu Liang’s vanity seemed reasonable as he was really powerful.
Xue Liang’s sword was like a flying fairy that shuttered around with a formidable momentum. The sword was ruthless and its movement is flexible.
Jiang Chen was solemn while watching this scene. Xue Liang’s flying fairy had been displayed to its peak. That was why he was called as the Sword God, he lived up to his name.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2405 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2406


Chapter 2406
I want the Heavens to bend into my will!
Xuanyuan Canglan did not back off and launched a swift attack, causing the whole realm to tremble, both of them were on par with each other.
None of them was able to overpower the other. Xuanyuan Canglan clashed with Xue Liang like his body was a tool. Although Xue Liang’s blade was phenomenal, it couldn’t do anything against his opponent. They clashed for a few hundred rounds yet no result could be seen.
However, none of them was willing to let their guards down as it could be fatal. Jiang Chen watched their battle in awe. An expert will always have their own pride and honour.
Jiang Chen noticed that Xue Liang was able to unleash 70% of the intent realm imbued in his blade. His blade technique was better than Jiang Chen as he could silently kill a person from afar without anyone noticing.
Xue Liang unleashed his flurry of blade strikes but it was still lacking compared to the might of Xuanyuan Canglan. Xue Liang who was a true Heavenly God Realm expert was able to push his opponent back but the latter remained unfazed.
“Haha, You’re worthy of your title, Sword God. You’re truly extraordinary, however, I do not have the time to play games with you anymore. We’ll meet again soon. I hope you can live until then.”
Xuanyuan Canglan took a step back and vanished into a crack of space. Xue Liang frowned seeing that Xuanyuan Canglan left the battle without warning. Something is amiss… he didn’t unleash his full strength, but so am I. In the end, we’re both testing the waters. That fella is pretty crafty… He’s likely cooking up some schemes from behind…
Xue Liang felt pressured even though they were at the same cultivation realm. As his opponent was crafty.
“Looks like that fella came prepared.” Xue Liang coldly said with an ugly expression.
He looked at Jiang Chen’s group, feeling slightly unhappy. Since Xuanyuan Canglan managed to run away without leaving a trace behind, he felt depressed as the battle did not go as planned.
“Look! The blood of the ten thousand beasts is moving towards the thousand Zhang skeletal structure.”
“Yeah. Could that skeletal structure be some kind of ancient beast? Could it be that the ritual is done for the sake of resurrecting that beast?”
“Hard to say… That skeletal structure is gigantic and that amount of blood may not even be enough.”
Their expression became heavy. Most of them were already prepared to fight to the death the moment they came to this Burying Soul Mountain. It won’t be shameless for them to die here, at least they tried. Moreover, there are so many experts beside them.
Those who managed to live and were able to reach this stage were most likely brave men and women, but who would truly risk their lives and face the River Styx head-on?
Jiang Chen stared at the giant skeletal structure. Suddenly, the blood-coloured clouds became bigger, covering the whole Burying Soul Mountain. The appearance of the white-robed sword god Xue Liang was the biggest variable in this situation. Xuanyuan Canglan quickly retreated from the place as the variable was in play. This mountain… something is brewing… it’s probably a gigantic feast…
Nobody knew what would happen next. Nevertheless, those demonic beasts kept on murmuring and chanting.
Xuanyuan Canglan appeared on the sky a hundred meters away from the site and watched the skeletal structure with a cold gaze. A golden marble could be seen in his palm, glowing.
“It won’t be long… This Burying Soul Mountain shall be mine soon. The blood of the ten thousand beasts, the might of the blood sacrifice, who can stop me now?! Haha.” Xuanyuan Canglan said in a serious manner.
His eyes were cold and filled with arrogance, pride and excitement, because his ambition was about to be fulfilled. This battle, this place was prepared just for him, the several tens of thousands of years of resources from the Clear Stream Sect made him what he was today.
He was the chosen one, he shall step higher and reach a higher place compared to others, and the Linhe Boundary was just a stepping stone for him to reach a higher place.
Xuanyuan Canglan had gone through ten reincarnations for this very moment. Seventy thousand years, he had waited… He shall be the one laughing in the end.
Seventy thousand years ago, Xuanyuan Canglan entered the Hidden Secret Realm in his first life. At that moment, he accidentally entered the Burying Soul Mountain and survived the onslaught of the beasts. In his adventure, he had discovered a shocking secret, an immemorial ferocious beast will be reborn in this mountain.
However, after the passing of time, the soul of that immemorial beast was damaged. It needed the strength of Xuanyuan Canglan to continue surviving.
Hence, Xuanyuan Canglan gave up his past glory for this life’s grand ambition. For the sake of this event, that was 70,000 years later. He entered the Burying Soul Mountain once every 7000 years to prolong the life of the immemorial beast. Whereas the ten reincarnations of Xuanyuan Canglan was achieved through the help of the immemorial beast. The might of the beast was powerful as it could tamper with the reincarnation cycle of men, going against the law of the heavens. Very few of the current mighty cultivators could do such a feat.
Xuanyuan Canglan went through ten lives as a man, he had lived as a mighty expert with each of those lives. However, he could not reach the Divine King Realm. Because he had to use every ounce of his life’s cultivation for the immemorial beasts every 7000 years.
The continent, the land, and the sky has changed countless times, only this gigantic land has not changed. Seventy thousand years, Xuanyuan Canglan who had gone through all those years with his memories intact, all for the sake of this very day. His experience was on par with the sect’s old ancestor. Hence, he was the strongest amongst his peers, in addition to his in-born talent, Xuanyuan Canglan’s position as the strongest prodigy was without a doubt. He is a peerless expert!
“70,000 years! Who can understand my hardship and loneliness? But this is all worth it. I shall become an unparalleled expert, I want the Heavens to bend to my will. I want this land to succumb to my might!” Xuanyuan Canglan’s eyes became sharp as if he was the mightiest emperor of the supreme heavens.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2406 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2407


Chapter 2407
There’s going to be a great change
Do support us in Patreon if you are able to, so that we can continue translating the novel for you!
At this moment, Xuanyuan Canglan was extremely excited. A plan that took seventy thousand years to succeed, those years of hardship just for this very day. Furthermore, it took him a few thousand years to set up the ten thousand beasts blood sacrifice. He was constantly preparing, and constantly getting ready…
The demonic beasts of each generation was already under his control through the power of belief. The demonic beasts surrounding the Burying Soul Mountain had become his soldiers that would even kamikaze at his will. He needed to complete the blood sacrifice to go against the will of the heavens, and those demonic beasts were his sacrifice, the blood of the ten thousand beasts was but a medium for the ritual. However, the medium itself was enough to shake the whole Hidden Secret Realm.
Xuanyuan Canglan felt like he was now on top of the world. Once the immemorial beast revives and completes its transformation, he shall have millions below and only one above him. He had only respect and reverence towards the powerful immemorial expert. He had a glimpse of the beast’s memory, the Divine World was once a terrifying place to be, a single snap of this beast’s fingers could devastate the whole Linhe Boundary. But for the whole Divine World, the beast was but a speck of land.
Therefore, he was both incomparably fearful and excited. He was certain that he would become an expert under the immemorial beast, and he shall reign supreme not only in the whole Linhe Boundary, even the whole Lone Dragon County.
The vibe surrounding Burying Soul Mountain was getting much scarier from the wind howling, and thunder roaring.
“Sh*t, this blood sacrificial ritual is something else. Retreat out of the Burying Soul Mountain’s range.” Jiang Chen said.
“Is it that scary? Do we really need to back off from the Burying Soul Mountain?” Liu Quanchao said after some hesitation.
Although the Burying Soul Mountain looked dangerous, it’s not as serious as what Jiang Chen was saying. Plus, there won’t be any being surpassing the Heavenly God Realm in this mountain, they could certainly run away even if they could not beat it.
“Who the hell do you think you are? Hahaha, is this a place where a True God Realm kid could butt in? Nothing is happening and you’re already scared sh*tless. I bet you’re going to sh*t yourself if anything were to happen next.” Dongfang Kuangyin sneered.
Does he think that he’s the leader here? Witless fool! Dongfang Kuangyin obviously did not let go of this chance to taunt Jiang Chen as he regarded Jiang Chen as an eyesore.
“I do not need you to comment on who I am. Stay if you want. At least I will leave this place. Nobody wants to accompany you to the River Styx.” Jiang Chen said indifferently.
Yang Jian and Man Shuai had absolute compliance towards Jiang Chen. However, Liu Quanchao and Zhang Lei were hesitating, including the Wu Brothers and Xu Jin.
“Hmph, it’s just a rant coming from a coward. Just say it if you’re scared. You don’t need to hide it. Otherwise, you’ll die a horrible death. We’re here to test our mettle, to sharpen our fangs and swords. If you cannot face even a trial such as this, there’s no need to stay on the path towards the mighty. Only a coward chooses to leave. Rest assured, I will not laugh at your cowardice.” Dongfang Kuangyin said sarcastically.
Dongfang Kuangyin’s men started laughing frantically. Even though he was just being sarcastic, his words weren’t wrong, because they were in fact in a trial.
Only by tampering and sharpening one’s strength and fangs could one reach the peak. At this moment, Jiang Chen was going to become a deserter, who would sympathize with him?
“Haha, such a person is not fit to be an expert! Not to mention that he’s weak, he’s the first to ask for a retreat. How could such a shameless man exist?”
“Yeah. He’s weak, and cowardly to boot. He’s just afraid to die, why should we stop him? Go home and feed in your mama’s tits.”
“Such a killjoy. Pui. Useless fool.”
“Everyone has their own path. He’s not suited to be one of us. Hehe, the gap between us and him is getting wider. Perhaps, he may become food for those beasts soon.”
Jiang Chen was silent throughout their mockery. Some people were just all talk and could achieve nothing in the end. There’s no need to force people to do their bidding.
“I am a coward, the danger in this place is too much for me to handle. Therefore, I shall take my leave now.”
Jiang Chen looked at the blood coloured skeletal structure that was half-submerged, his heart was getting heavier….
“Jiang Chen, we’re with you.” Yang Jian said solemnly and without any hesitation. Jiang Chen had become their core.
“Same.” Man Shuai patted on Jiang Chen’s shoulder.
“Jiang Chen, You… Haih, take care. Since you’re worried about the danger over here, then, it’s best that you leave the Burying Soul Mountain soon. I believe you have what it takes to protect yourself. ” Liu Quanchao said.
“Good luck.”
Xu Jin and Zhang Lei chose to stay back and clasped their fist towards Jiang Chen. The latter smiled and left without a word. There’s nobody in this place that was worthy enough for him to stay back. Everyone has their own right to choose, and some chose to stay back for their trial, and gain experience. However, Jiang Chen chose to survive, to become stronger. After all, only by living could one become stronger.
“He’s bound to be a coward. Hahaha, You’ll die in your foolishness in the future. Of course, you can back off now, but only by going through my legs… I am willing to accept your apology. Danger will still follow you even if you leave this place.” Dongfang Kuangyin sneered.
Jiang Chen slowly turned back with his cold eyes.
“Noisy fella.” Jiang Chen shook his head as he waved his hand and unleashed his blade.
The wind, clouds and sky had their colour changed. The Heavenly Dragon Sword cut through the air like a meteor as Jiang Chen rode on it. At that moment, Dongfang Kuangyin’s tongue felt like it was cut in half.
Yu Rongyan and the others instantly had their expressions changed, they were shocked. The colour of the sky changed from a single slash as they watched Jiang Chen leave.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2407 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2408


Chapter 2408
Soul Change
Do support us in Patreon if you are able to, so that we can continue translating the novel for you!
“Argh…”
“Arghhhh…”
Dongfang Kuangyin’s blood gurgling scream reverberated in everyone’s ears. They immediately shivered in fear the moment they heard his scream. Now, Jiang Chen’s back felt like it was a giant mountain that couldn’t be surmounted. Is his choice the correct one?
Nobody dared to sympathise Dongfang Kuangyin as he reaped what he sowed. Jiang Chen wouldn’t have attacked him if he didn’t mock him.
Jiang Chen was no simple and kind person. He did not want to increase the pressure for Liu Quanchao and the others, so he chose to leave them. But Dongfang Kuangyin had pushed all his buttons. In the end, Jiang Chen had to retaliate.
Dongfang Kuangyin could not speak as blood dripped out from his lips.
His tongue was cut off by just a single strike. Yet nobody was able to see when or how Jiang Chen did it, nor how powerful that slash was.
Who amongst them knew the might of that sword?
Dongfang Kuangyin’s follower who was standing behind became silent as a puppet. Their expression became grey as their lips shut tight, while shivering in fear. Jiang Chen was the weakest on the surface but he’s actually the most terrifying. Even Yu Rongyan and Qin Yumo became solemn as they gauged his strength.
“That fella is very strong. Is that the strength of a Mid True God?” Yu Rongyan was shocked as he looked at Jiang Chen’s back.
“Now you know why we’re that concerned about what he said… ” Xu Jin sighed.
Yu Rongyan and Qin Yumo did not utter another word anymore. But the shock within their hearts was immense.
Dongfang Kuangyin was the one who was regretting the most. Jiang Chen kept it to himself for as long as they could remember. Now, Dongfang Kuangyin was the one who received the blow. He’s extremely confident in his abilities, yet he hadn’t expected that he would be beaten down by a Mid True God!
His eyes were now filled with boundless fear and hatred. Of course, that hatred was hidden as he dared not to show it. He could do something for his lost tongue but he won’t be able to do anything if he loses his life.
He reaped what he sowed.
“There’s no escape for us now. We need to enter the Burying Soul Mountain. Sword God Xue Liang is in the vicinity, we must not fall too far behind. Our goal is to brave through this challenge and become a true expert.” Yu Rongyan said in a serious demeanour.
Jiang Chen leaving them was but a small interference. Without him, they could still fight and face the remaining battles head-on.
“You’re right. We will not stop now. If Sword God Xue Liang could do so, so can we.” Xu Jin said confidently.
Jiang Chen has already left them but they must move on.
The blood-coloured skeletal structure was now almost complete. The silhouette of the beast was now visible, it was a thousand zhang tall, as tall as a mountain, it was a ferocious beast indeed. However, it’s form was incomplete.
Everyone became solemn as the environment became heavier. The brewing wind was strong enough to cut and shred apart the void.
Arwoo…
Arwoo…
Suddenly, howling could be heard. The Burying Soul Mountain finally showed its true face. A giant crack suddenly appeared in the middle of the mountain, and it then devoured everything near the crack. The place surrounding the crack suddenly became black, and a bloody mist could be seen. Everyone started to shiver in fear, including the demonic beasts, not even those Heavenly God Realm demonic beasts could maintain their composure.
“Those are the wandering ghosts of the Burying Soul Mountain, they have finally shown themselves.” Yu Rongyan said.
“I’ve heard of this, a soul change will occur in the Burying Soul Mountain once every thousand years. Whenever that happens, this place becomes a land of death, not even a Heavenly God Realm expert could survive the onslaught of those wandering ghosts.” Xu Jin said.
“This is not right! Only 400 years has passed, it’s not even a thousand years, how could a soul change occur?” Liu Quanchao said as his expression drastically changed. The feeling of uneasiness spread through everyone’s heart.
“A soul change is the cumulation of hatred of those wandering ghosts from the countless corpses and souls buried under this mountain. This soul change shouldn’t be happening now… could the event here trigger the soul change?” Qin Yumo said.
“Looks like we’ll have to go all out to defend our lives. Everyone, be careful!” Wu Tinghou shouted.
The countless wandering ghosts started to roar and howl more intensely. A tsunami of wandering ghosts burst towards the sky and fell towards the blood-coloured skeletal structure that had gone through the blood sacrificial ritual and fused with the structure.
Sword God Xue Liang stood at the forefront and withstood the brunt of the terrifying assault on the soul.
“Those are ghosts with their lingering soul attached… who dares block my path!” Xue Liang sneered as he launched a flurry of sword strikes, striking down the souls of the dead before him, leaving nothing behind!
Xue Liang decimated those wandering ghosts that attempted to attack him. Thousands and billions of wandering ghosts burst out from the deepest corner of the Burying Soul Mountain, however, Xue Liang maintained his composure and decimated all those ghosts that stood in his path.
Whereas Yu Rongyan and the others were struggling to stay alive. Even the strongest one amongst them, Yu Rongyan, was pushed into a passive stance, defending, unable to take a step forward. Yu Rongyan, Xu Jin, Qin Yumo and Liu Quanchao were the first line of defense. Zhang Lei and the other Peak True Gods gathered in a group and defended against the onslaught of ghosts from every direction. Who would want to face these ethereal beings if they could choose?
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2408 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2409


Chapter 2409
To fight against all adversity without regret, only to stay true to one’s heart
Do support us in Patreon if you are able to, so that we can continue translating the novel for you!
If it’s only one spirit, it would’ve been fine. Ten? Fine. Hundreds? A worthy battle. Thousands? That’s a formidable amount. Tens of thousands? Not even a Half-Step Heavenly God could withstand it. Those countless spirits were more than tens of thousands, not even the strongest expert could withstand their might.
The expression of Yu Rongyan and the others became ugly. Although they had managed to temporarily withstand the onslaught of the spirit, who knew how long this soul change would last?
Those Peak True Gods were shivering in fear because if Yu Rongyan and the others could not hold on anymore, their lives would then be probably over.
At the same time, Jiang Chen’s expression was extremely serious. Although they were observing from afar, they still could not avoid the soul change’s onslaught. However, those spirits did not do much against them. His control over the Great Soul Derivation Technique was at the peak, no spirits could get near him.
“Why did those spirits not attack you?” Man Shuai looked at Jiang Chen weirdly.
The trio was covered by Jiang Chen’s aura and all those spirits avoided him.
“Yeah. I cannot understand you anymore. Anything seems possible when you’re around. This has become a norm for me. Haha.” Yang Jian tapped Jiang Chen’s shoulder. Believing Jiang Chen was definitely the correct choice.
“Those who believe in Brother Chen shall gain immortality. Haha.” Man Shuai also laughed.
His current strength was insignificant within the Hidden Secret Realm. Even though he had the same cultivation as Jiang Chen, the gap between them was enormous. Jiang Chen could not be compared to an average True God.
Jiang Chen smiled and stayed silent. Because at this moment, he sensed a great resentment through the Great Soul Derivation Technique. They were dragged by a powerful force of attraction and became that giant mass of spirit, becoming the nourishment of that terrifying being, fusing with that blood-coloured immemorial giant beast.
Their souls would then suffer forever, becoming cursed forever that couldn’t freed and reincarnate, unable to stop the onslaught of the soul change.
Jiang Chen’s heart suddenly became saddened from what was happening because those spirits looked at him with despair and were pleading. Jiang Chen’s expression instantly changed as a wave of emotion spread through his heart.
“It’s probably due to the Great Yu Soul Forming Light.” Jiang Chen took a deep breath.
Jiang Chen found out that if he did not give these souls a proper send-off, they would just be put in a different cage after being released from their previous cage. He could feel their pleas, their powerlessness. They’re all just shattered souls waiting to be slaughtered.
Looking at those countless spirits flying towards the skeletal structure with despair. Jiang Chen’s heart slightly trembled. He wanted to save those pitiful souls, but he did not possess the strength to do so. He grabbed one of those spirits but he couldn’t take control of them and they all flew towards the immemorial beast.
Jiang Chen closed his eyes shut. He did not know whether it was right for him to release those souls from the Great Yu Soul Forming Light. He only wanted to free them, and give them a chance to reincarnate. But it looked like they were bound by another shackle.
At this moment, the Hidden Secret Realm was but a sad world for them.
“What happened? Jiang Chen.” Yang Jian frowned and asked as he saw sadness and anger on Jiang Chen’s face.
“It’s nothing. I’m just slightly depressed.” Jiang Chen shook his head.
He’s no saviour but he could calm his heart. What would happen to those billions of spirits if he just left? That negative feeling within his heart will surely haunt him for the rest of his life.
The path of cultivation was to have a conviction of sort. Jiang Chen’s conviction was to the Dao of battling against the Heavens, the Supreme Dao, the Dao that dominates all. To fight against all adversity without regret, and to only stay true to one’s heart.
Suddenly, Jiang Chen opened his eyes and looked at the giant mass of spirits with a firm heart.
He wanted to demand an explanation from the unjust Heavenly Dao. He wanted to grant those spirits peace!
To be simple, to follow the wind.
To dominate the Heavenly Dao is to have a Dao Heart that does not go against one’s will.
Jiang Chen’s lips curved into a smile as if his mind had been opened up. He needed this kind of conviction, he needed to go back.
“Let’s go back.” Jiang Chen said.
“Didn’t you say that only death awaits us there?” Man Shuai was slightly startled.
“You’re right. But I must go nonetheless. Those countless spirits refuse to let me go. This time, even I do not have the confidence… I don’t know what being is that immemorial beast is. But I must give those spirits a proper send-off. My heart knows no retreat. My Dao disallows me to lose.”
Jiang Chen turned back and flew towards the Burying Soul Mountain.
Yang Jian and Man Shuai looked at each other with a smile. They must follow Jiang Chen’s footstep, even though Jiang Chen said that only death awaits them on that mountain, they will still follow him without a doubt. They have no reason to back off, they won’t regret it even if they die following Jiang Chen.
On the sky of Burying Soul Mountain, Xuanyuan Canglan’s heart pounded heavily as he looked at the nearly completed blood-coloured immemorial giant beast.
The skeletal structure was near completion, its figure was nearly complete. This was the final soul sacrificial ritual, he did not expect for the ritual to go smoothly.
Moreover, the spirit sacrificial ritual was unexpected, he did not expect so many souls. The revival of the immemorial beast shall be much more complete!
“Finally, it’s time to sacrifice those Heavenly God Realm demonic beasts.” Xuanyuan Canglan’s lips curved up.
He had been preparing for this for 70,000 years, he had patiently waited for 70,000 years, and served this immemorial beast for 70,000 years. It was time for him to reap his reward.
“This time, who can stop me in this Hidden Secret Realm?! The Linhe Boundary is now beneath me. Hahaha.” Xuanyuan Canglan’s voice echoed through the heavens, his fiery eyes looking across the boundless sky!
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2409 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2410


Chapter 2410
Lion’s body with a tail of a horse, tiger eyes with a dragon’s brow
Do support us in Patreon if you are able to, so that we can continue translating the novel for you!
“For the sake of reviving the beast god, you guys will have to be used for the final step of the blood sacrifice.” Xuanyuan Canglan looked at the hundreds of demonic beasts and said with a pale smile.
Now that everything was prepared, only the last and most important component was needed–the Heavenly God Realm demonic beasts. They will all be needed to be killed and sacrificed–their soul, their blood and flesh will be used for the beast god.
The giant skeletal structure was about 80-90% complete. What’s left was the detail of its face for it to be finally completed.
The blood-coloured giant beast was terrifying, it possessed a lion’s body, horse’s tail, fish’s scales, the paws of a bear, the head of a qilin, extremely sharp horns, tigerish eyes, dragon’s brow and a giant mouth that could devour everything.
Even though it’s face could not clearly be seen yet, its body was on the verge of completion from the souls and blood being poured onto its body. A weak pulse could be felt coming from that gigantic body.
It was truly shocking.
Sword God Xue Liang leapt up towards the sky and looked at the giant blood-coloured demonic beast with a cold expression, he felt immensely pressured.
“This blood ritual is truly mysterious. It needs the blood and soul of countless demonic beasts as sacrifice. Such a terrifyingly harsh requirement. But it isn’t that simple for you to obtain that peerless body. ” Xue Liang said.
He knew that once the ritual was completed, he’d have to face the onslaught of that terrifying beast. He had never seen such a terrifying beast in his life. Such a dominatingly powerful being would spelldisaster once it’s face was completed.
Xue Liang unleashed a powerful slash and cut down several hundred spirits and rushed towards the Heavenly God Realm demonic beasts as he wanted to try to stop the ritual’s completion.
“I shall grant you death if you want it so much. Xue Liang.” Xuanyuan Canglan sneered.
He then waved his giant arm and hundreds of Heavenly God Realm beast instantly split into half. Ten demonic beasts were left behind to deal with Xue Liang and the remaining ones rushed towards the blood sacrificial point, the forehead of the giant beast. The beast’s resurrection will be completed and it would then obtain total dominance.
“Only ten of them? Hehe, let’s see how powerful these demonic beasts that you’ve taken your time to cultivate are.” Xue Liang said.
He’s not afraid of all these beasts. His blade was ringing in excitement too.
Xue Liang looked down and gazed at his blade, his lips then changed into a smile.
“You can feel the challenge too, eh? Let’s fight till our heart’s content today. Hahaha. ” Xue Liang shouted and rushed towards his enemies with peerless vigour.
“Ten Heavenly God Realm demonic beasts. Let’s see what you have to stop them. The life of the white-robed Sword God is mine to take. ”
Xuanyuan Canglan’s palm strikes were swift as lightning. He joined the battle and launched a powerful attack, forcing Xue Liang to retreat. However, he still managed to defend against a dozen foes.
Xue Liang sneered. Even though he was surrounded by Xuanyuan Canglan and almost a dozen demonic beasts, he was unfazed by it. His swordsmanship was excellent, beautiful, at the peak of its craft. He could fight against a Heavenly God while in his current constrained realm. In his full strength, he could fight on-par against a Half-Step Hierarch. He’s indeed a mighty expert.
“These demonic beasts are not enough.” Xue Liang said.
Xue Liang was extremely powerful. He could easily defend himself even with Xuanyuan Canglan attacking him at the same time. Those demonic beasts that were trapped were also sacrificed in the end. Those demonic beasts needed to die quickly, to be sacrificed for the sake of the immemorial beast.
“Look! Isn’t that the white-robed Sword God, Xue Liang? He can even fight against a dozen opponents on his own, terrifying! Even though we are also a Half-Step Heavenly God, we can never reach his level of power.” Xu Jin sighed.
This was the might of those monsters, those prodigies amongst prodigies. Sword God Xue Liang was one of them. They could never measure up against him.
“It looks like he’s trying to stop Xuanyuan Canglan?” Liu Quanchao frowned.
Even though they’re caught under the onslaught of the spirit’s attack, they still wanted to join into the battle with Xue Liang, as he’s now in a passive stance in the face of a dozen foes.
“Looks like Xue Liang is trying to stop the ritual. But Xuanyuan Canglan is trying to stop him. Looks like it’s time for us to act.” Yu Rongyan said.
He could still differentiate between good and evil. Sword God Xue Liang cut a demonic beast in half trying to stop the ritual. At this moment, they could not stand idly on the side anymore.
Yu Rongyan and the others rushed to the front and stopped Xuanyuan Canglan’s attack.
The combined strength of Xu Jin, Yu Rongyan, Liu Quanchao, Qin Yumo and Dongfang Kuangyin, five Half-Step Heavenly God Realm experts, in addition with Zhang Lei, the Wu Brothers and a dozen or so Peak True Gods barely managed to stop Xuanyuan Canglan’s attack.
“Bunch of ants trying to stop the inevitable.” Xuanyuan Canglan said coldly.
He then launched a fury of palm strikes, killing off 7 Peak True Gods without batting an eye. Yu Rongyan and the others dare not to dawdle, and launched their strongest attack towards Xuanyuan Canglan, yet the latter was unfazed like Xue Liang.
Xuanyuan Canglan’s lightning fist could not be blocked. Zhang Lei and Dongfang Kuangyin were forced to retreat, while the other Peak True Gods were instantly killed.
“Your opponent is me.”
A figure suddenly appeared from the sky and stopped the Wu Brothers, Dongfang Kuangyin and Zhang Lei. It was the Third Grand Guardian of the Clear Stream Sect, Tang Zhen.
Tang Zehn rushed towards the group with his trusty long spear. The four of them were pushed back by him alone and were forced to retreat. Tang Zhen wasn’t letting them go as he pursued, after a few instant teleportations, they all vanished, the four of them ran away frantically, not knowing whether they’re alive or dead!*
T/N: That’s what the author wrote…
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2410 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2411


Chapter 2411
Four Great Demon Kings
“This man is terrifying.” Yu Rongyan said quietly. He then made a heavy blow with his Nine-Segmented Whip. However, his attack was dealt with by Xuanyuan Canglan effortlessly.
“We are still going to fight him even though we might die here. We could not let him get what he wanted.”
Liu Quanchao roared in rage, then he started striking a formidable attack against Xuanyuan Canglan. Booming sounds kept blasting in the sky while Xuanyuan Canglan resisted four of his opponents steadily.
“We are all Half-step Heavenly Gods, so we shouldn’t be any weaker than him. Hahaha.”
Xu Jin used up all of his battle strength to fight Xuanyuan Canglan. He even found his own fighting strength a bit terrifying, but Xuanyuan Canglan could resist all of them effortlessly.
Not to be outdone, Qin Yumo crashed into the battlefield but it was difficult for him to approach since Xuanyuan Canglan’s attack was even more powerful. He had badly injured Xu Jin and others.
At the moment, Sword God felt relieved with the sudden assistance. His sword’s overbearingness soared to the sky and he managed to help Xu Jin and others to get out of predicament.
“Since you guys are so stubborn, I am going to send you guys to hell.”
Xuanyuan Canglan’s eyes looked ruthless. As the final step of the blood sacrifice was stopped by Sword God Xue Liang, why wouldn’t he feel enraged?
“Come on, all beasts!”
Xuanyuan Canglan soared to the sky and joined hands with another ten Heavenly God Realm beasts. At the moment, Xue Liang became solemn as there were twenty Heavenly God Realm beasts blocking all of his way. He did not have any chance to help Xu Jin and the others anymore as he was under great pressure created by the twenty Heavenly God Realm beasts. He was repulsed and took a few steps backwards. Although these Heavenly God Realm beasts would not be able to threaten his life, he was worried that Xuanyuan Canglan’s critical attack would injure him severely.
Xue Liang knew that Xuanyuan Canglan was not as simple as what he had shown.
At this moment, a gloomy wind swept across and a huge black bat appeared on the void. On the other side, a white-clothed lady who had a long feather wing appeared. Her physique was graceful and there was a black crown on her head. Behind her, there were hundreds and thousands man-eating ants being absorbed into the bloody valley. All of these ants were used to build the ancient giant beast.
On the other hand, a Nine-headed Dragon was standing in pride. Opposite it was a charming man who had a bullhorn on his head staring at the battlefield silently. Four of them were all beasts.
“Obviously, it’s a grand scheme. No wonder, we always have had Heavenly God Realm beasts disappearing over the hundred thousand years. Only now did I know that all of them have been sacrificed and used to form up a formidable being. Or they have just become nourishment. It’s sad… Sigh…”
The Nine-headed Dragon sighed and looked extremely solemn. He would rather give up the spiritual spring water at the Earthly Hades Sacred Mountain in order to watch the changes that happened in the Burying Soul Mountain. They were all incredibly shocked. Everyone and each of the monsters were shivering in fear while looking at the ancient giant beast.
“Dark Bat King, what do you think about this ancient giant beast?”
The bullhorn man said with a deep voice. He was the top expert of the Heavenly Bull Clan and also one of the kings in the Hidden Secret Realm.
“It’s hard to say, but I think that it must be an incredible ancient monster. Once it’s reborn, it must be very harmful to us. Hundred thousand years ago, no one knew how Hidden Secret God Emperor got to create this Hidden Secret Realm. The preparation for the reborn of that ancient giant beast has been going on for countless years. I am afraid that we can’t do anything to stop it now.”
Dark Bat King replied in a low voice.
“I have the same thought. This ancient beast have given me too much pressure. In our clans, there were many many descendants killed by the blood sacrifice. I think you guys face the same situation. If the blood sacrifice is successful, I guess we won’t be able to maintain control of the Hidden Secret Realm anymore. Our lives might even be at the stake. This beast has seriously terrified me.”
The man-eating ant queen said solemnly.
The other three beasts found her words resonating. Once the ancient beast was reborn, the entire Hidden Secret Realm might be turned into a hell. It has already caused such a huge chaos when it’s going through the process of rebirth. Hundreds and thousands of beasts were sacrificed. It’s so terrifying and tragic. Everything was destroyed for its rebirth.
“We have to take action now to stop it from being reborn. Otherwise, we won’t have good days anymore in the future.”
The Nine-headed Dragon said while shaking his head. Nine of his heads were in the likeness of dragons but they had not transformed into a dragon yet. However, his formidable strength was terrifying because his cultivation realm had already reached the peak of Middle Heavenly God Realm. Four of them ruled the four directions in Hidden Secret Realm, the East, the South, the West, and the North. No one had surpassed them before.
Their position had been passed down from generation to generation. In their heart, they knew that they were the true masters of the Hidden Secret Realm. They would never allow the rebirth of a dreadful ancient beast.
“More than a hundred Heavenly God Realm beasts should not be a big deal for us.”
Dark Bat King said faintly.
“Let’s see if your strength deteriorated or not over the years.”
The Four Great Demon Kings appeared together at the same time. At the moment, all of the beasts were shivering because they could not handle the mightiness of the demon kings. Although they were under the control of Xuanyuan Canglan, they still started becoming hesitant.
“The Four Great Demon Kings!”
Xuanyuan Canglan’s facial expression changed. But he had already known that the four great demons were not easy to deal with. If he did not have a comprehensive plan to handle this, his preparation would be all wasted.
Xuanyuan Canglan had already expected this to happen. It’s just one step to see the rebirth of the ancient beast, so no one should stop him from achieving this.
“The Four Great Demon Kings are here. Seems like the battle is going to be fun.”
White-clothed Sword God Xue Liang smiled. He knew that the Four Great Demon Kings would not let someone step over them. Once the ancient beast was reborn, their ranking in the Hidden Secret Realm would definitely be threatened.
That was why all four of them would definitely take action and prevent this from happening at the cost of their life. Although Xuanyuan Canglan was formidable, the Four Great Demon Kings were definitely the most powerful existences in the Hidden Secret Realm.
Xuanyuan Canglan smiled coldly. He wielded the flag and fifty Heavenly God Realm beasts flew into the battlefield from all different directions. These were the beasts of death that he had been training for three thousand years. They were the ‘men of sacrifice’. He had been training them for handling any unexpected incidence. As long as all of these Heavenly God Realm beasts were sacrificed for the ancient beast, everything would be destroyed when the beast was reborn.
“No one could stop me, including heaven.”
Xuanyuan Canglan sounded overbearing. He had been preparing for this for 70 000 years, how could he accept that his plan had been interrupted by others now?
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2411 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2412


Chapter 2412
I am Your Enemy!
Jiang Chen was staring at the scene of more than ten Heavenly God Realm beasts fighting against the Four Great Demon King on the sky. The entire place was filled with an oppressive atmosphere and terrifying aura. Owing to the fact that he’s controlling more than ten Heavenly God Realm beasts, Xuanyuan Canglan remained fearless in his battle against all of the experts here and the Four Great Demon Kings. He looked unparalleled.
“Does he really want everyone to sacrifice for him?”
Jiang Chen frowned. At the moment, Xuanyuan Cnaglan’s momentum was overbearing, making him madly proud of himself. He only saw enemies in his eyes right now. The scene was magnificent yet terrifying.
Jiang Chen was well-aware of Xuanyuan Canglan’s purpose. He wanted everyone to pay the price for him to pursue his dream. He wanted everyone to die. His wild ambition was heavenly unforgiving. In front of the Heavenly God Realm beasts he’s controlling, the Four Great Demon Kings were having an extremely hard time. Each of them had to deal with ten of the beasts. Hence, Xuanyuan Canglan looked very confident and composed seeing that his enemies were suppressed heavily by him right now.
If they continued to wrestle like this, all of them might not be able to leave this place alive when the ancient beast was reborn.
Nevertheless, the Four Great Demon Kings were still formidable. The Nine-headed took the lead while Dark Bat King, Man-eating Ant Queen and Heavenly Bull Clan Patriarch used their utmost strength in confronting the opponent. As the Four Great Demon Kings joined hands to fight fiercely with the fifty Heavenly God Realm beasts, the entire heaven and earth were shaking madly, making the scene look terrifying. Countless beasts and souls were shattered for each passing moment. The Four Great Demon Kings swore not to give up as they understood that once the ancient beast was reborn, their situation would be critically dangerous. Now they were trying to save themselves.
“There are too many of them. Dragon King, we have to fight harder!”
The Dark Bat King shouted loudly. Facing the fifty Heavenly God Realm beasts, they had to fight at the cost of their life in order to see hope.
“Don’t show mercy, kill all of them!”
The Man-eating Ant Queen’s voice echoed around the space. She looked ruthless and cold like an icy mountain.
The four of them exchanged a glance and then proceeded to use up all of their tricks and battle techniques in this battle. The fifty beasts also formed up quite a formidable formation that was able to shatter heaven and earth.
Xuanyuan Canglan was incomparably confident as he had been ready for this day for 70 000 years. He had been waiting for this very day and now he had already become a cruel killer.
“No one can stop me from becoming an unparalleled master. Hahaha.”
Xuanyuan Canglan cleaved heaven and earth with his palm attacks, pressing against Yu Rongyan and the other three people.. Even though they had Divine Tools in their hands, they seemed useless right now. In front of Xuanyuan Canglan, no one dared to be slow because sluggishness signified death. They only have the chance to survive by having a life-and-death battle. They all understood that what Xuanyuan Canglan was doing irritated both heaven and humans. Once he completed the blood sacrifice, not only Hidden Secret Realm but the entire world would experience a catastrophe.
“What to do now?”
Yang Jian said in a low voice. At the moment, he could not contribute much in the battle. It’s a battle between Half-step Heavenly Gods. If he took any action, he would only be like a cannon fodder. Man Shuai felt the same.
“Let me handle the situation. You two, enter and hide inside the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda first.”
What Jiang Chen said had disappointed Yang Jian and Man Shuai. However, they understood that they could not help much and they might only cause trouble to Jiang Chen with their current strength. They might also distract him in the battle. It’s better for them to stay inside the Pagoda.
Jiang Chen saw that the time is ripe for him to take action. Xuanyuan Canglan almost killed him last time. Even if there was no blood sacrifice, he would still not show him any mercy due to their personal grudges.
Xu Jin, Yu Rongyan, Liu Quanchao and Qin Yumo couldn’t match Xuanyuan Canglan at all. They kept being repulsed and now their situation was quite critical.
“A bunch of cowards want to fight for glory with me? Get out of here.”
Xuanyuan Canglan casted his thunderous palm technique again and the strikes poured down to the earth with terrifying mightiness. Xu Jin and Yu Rongyan took the initiative to withstand the strike but they were hurt badly as a result. They looked embarrassing.
“Death is a relief to you all. Hidden Secret Realm must be controlled under my hand.”
Xuanyuan Canglan looked afar. Hundreds of Heavenly God Realm beasts had been sacrificed and the blood sacrifice was almost finished. He was one step closer to success.
White-clothed Sword God was composedly dealing with ten beasts right now. Xuanyuan Canglan did not plan to give them any chance of victory, so he decided to increase his speed to finish the battle.
“Thunderous Palm Technique!”
He made another heavy strike and thunderous strength rolled out from his palm. At the same time, there were more and more dreadful thunderous clouds appearing in the sky. A heavenly shaking lightning broke through the sky and struck Xue Liang immediately.
Xue Liang’s countenance fell because this strike could threaten his life. It was dreadful. If it was not for the dexterity of a Heavenly God, Xue Liang might not be able to dodge the strike. However, he was still injured by the strike, making him look gloomy. He used his Ling Luo Shattering Demon Sword to counterattack Xuanyuan Canglan fiercely.
“What a good strike, but not sure if Xuanyuan Canglan would be terrified.”
Jiang Chen thought as he watched the scene unfold. Sword God Xue Liang was extraordinarily powerful, even if he was now a Half-step Heavenly God.
The sword shadow was overspreading everywhere and transformed into a mad dragon flying across the sky. Xuanyuan Canglan could only dodge the sword strike. The battle had obviously shown that both Sword God Xue Liang and Xuanyuan Canglan were profoundly powerful. Xuanyuan Canglan casted another ten palm strikes to resist the sword attack, but he was still repulsed badly by its terrifying airwave.
However, twenty great beasts started wrestling with Xue Liang again as they were not afraid of Xue Liang at all. The beasts had very strong defence and battle strength as well as perseverance. Xue Liang was clear that he would need to spend quite a lot of effort to kill these twenty beasts. By that time, the ancient beast might have already stood in front of him.
“Xuanyuan Canglan, I am your enemy!”
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2412 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2413


Chapter 2413
Fierce Fight with Xuanyuan Canglan
Jiang Chen curled up his mouth slightly while looking at Xuanyuan Canglan calmly. His arrival somehow shocked the latter a bit. He nodded.
“Not bad, you could have a good life but you chose to come to hell. Seems like if I don’t show you a bit of the real world, you would never know how arrogant you are. You were lucky to run away last time, but now, you wouldn’t be that lucky anymore. Humph. You have so many precious treasures but they are all wasted in your hands. Only great experts deserve to have those treasures and display their mightiness. Hahaha.”
Xuanyuan Canglan said calmly while folding his hands together. He despised the entirety of Jiang Chen. He was just a Middle True God whom Xuanyuan Canglan could kill with his fingers.
“Then, let’s try to see who will laugh until the end.”
Jiang Chen said and looked at Xuanyuan Canglan’s eyes. At the moment, Xuanyuan Canglan could feel the killing intent released by Jiang Chen. This guy seriously was not afraid of death.
“Jiang Chen, be careful. This guy is really powerful.”
Liu Quanchao said seriously. Jiang Chen always created miracles, but even those who were four Half-Step Heavenly Gods could not be compared to Xuanyuan Canglan. The Great Guardian of Clear Stream Sect really lived up to his name.
“Yea, Jiang Chen, be careful!”
Xu Jin said the same as well. Yu Rongyan and Qin Yumo looked at Jiang Chen with very complicated feelings in their heart. Although he managed to chop off Dongfang Kuangyin’s tongue with just a sword strike, it was still extremely challenging for Jiang Chen who was just Middle True God to fight Xuanyuan Canglan. Jiang Chen was an unparalleled genius, but wasn’t Xuanyuan Canglan also an unparalleled genius?
“I really don’t know where his courage comes from. But I think no one would tease him at this moment.”
Qin Yumo said faintly. She has always been cocky but she did not show her arrogance this time in front of the others. That kind of cocky attitude would only be seen as a joke right now. Although she really admired Xuanyuan Canglan’s strength, he had gone astray and wanted to kill everyone in Hidden Secret Realm. That was why she felt that it was her responsibility to fight Xuanyuan Canglan in this place.
Yu Rongyan stared at Jiang Chen silently. He held the same hope as Liu Quanchao’s and Xu Jin, wishing that Jiang Chen could create a miracle.
Jiang Chen pointed his sword at Xuanyuan Canglan, implying that the battle was going to break out. Xuanyuan Canglan was as steady as a mountain because confronting Jiang Chen was just a piece of cake for him.
“The sword looks not bad. But I wonder how’s his battle strength.”
Xue Liang squinted his eyes, looking at the Heavenly Dragon Sword in Jiang Chen’s hand. Although he did not know the quality of the sword, he could sense the brutal killing intent that it emitted. He could feel that his Ling Luo Bi Demon Sword was being threatened.
“Your life will come to an end soon.”
Xuanyuan Canglan did not continue to talk much as he immediately made a move forward, pressing against Jiang Chen.
“Thunderous Palm!”
As soon as the attack struck, thunderstorms and lightning started flashing. In the face of this, Jiang Chen looked calm. After transforming into a dragon, his battle strength had advanced to Half-step Heavenly God Realm. Not to be outdone, he also struck a heavy strike with his sword. Terrifying airwaves swept across within the thousand miles. It’s deafening. Jiang Chen and Xuanyuan Canglan were thrown backwards and then stood in pride.
Everyone was dumbstruck by their fight. Sword God Xue Liang’s mouth was overflowing with a smile, then he murmured:
“It became more and more interesting now.”
“So powerful! He managed to withstand the palm strike.”
Yu Rongyan took a cold breath. Xuanyuan Canglan might not yet display his full power, but if he was the one dealing with Xuanyuan Canglan, he would have been injured severely. However, Jiang Chen was still standing still as a mountain right now.
“Huhu, I have already said that he is going to create a miracle for us.”
Liu Quanchao said with a smile as he felt relieved finally.
“His initial decision is right. We were not able to control the changes that are happening in Burying Soul Mountain, but he still chose to come back.”
“I have underestimated you, Jiang Chen. Indeed, you do have some capability, but it only amounted to this.”
Xuanyuan Canglan snorted coldly. Although Jiang Chen had shamed him publicly, he did not really care about it because his goal now was to get the things in Jiang Chen’s hand. So Jiang Chen must be killed.
Jiang Chen ascended to the sky with a step and he started casting Azure Dragon’s Five Steps.
Xuanyuan Canglan continued to make a few more heavy strikes with his Thunderous Palm while turning himself into a dragon to fight in the battle. Jiang Chen was not afraid at all. The Thunderous Palm failed to harm Jiang Chen in the slightest, and he was still stepping on the void and pressing against Xuanyuan Canglan with Azure Dragon Five Steps. His Heavenly Dragon Sword’s technique was not any weaker than Sword God Xue Liang at all. It might be even more superior. Jiang Chen’s sword kept breaking out the Thunderous Palm. Their battle became incomparably intense and attracted everyone’s attention.
On the other hand, the bloody ancient beast seemed almost completed as the last hundreds of Heavenly God Realm beasts would be sacrificed soon.
“Do you really think that you could overcome me with your True God Realm? It’s funny and ridiculous. Heavenly Thunderous Palm shatters heaven and earth!”
Xuanyuan Canglan made heavy blows again, and this time his attacks were more brutal. With his present condition, he might even be able to defeat a Heavenly God. His Heavenly Thunderous Palms fell down from the sky in all directions, pushing Jiang Chen into a passive position.
“Five Elemental Trigram Fire Formation!”
Jiang Chen suddenly casted a formation, making him able to resist all of Xuanyuan Canglan’s attacks. However, his situation was not completely stable yet. At the end, the formation was crushed by Xuanyuan Canglan continuous brutal attack. Jiang Chen was repulsed backward and blood flown out from the corner of his mouth. At the moment, Liu Quanchao and others were stunned and stared at Jiang Chen silently.
Although the Five Elemental Trigram Fire Formation managed to shatter the icy palace, it was unable to resist Xuanyuan Canglan. Since the Formation was shattered, Jiang Chen was injured as well. Fortunately, the injury was not that severe as he had already separated his spirit out from the formation.
Xuanyuan Canglan was indeed very formidable. According to his current strength, it would be just a piece of cake for him to kill any Heavenly God Realm beast.
Jiang Chen’s eyes had also become colder as it was impossible for him to give up in the battle. The true battle just started.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2413 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2414


Chapter 2414
Except what is Crucial
In the face of the fifty beasts, the Four Great Demon Kings had not gained the upper hand as all of the mad beasts could not recognise the Demon Kings at all. The beast could only see Xuanyuan Canglan in their eyes and fight with him at the cost of their life. Hence, the Demon Kings had no choice. If they let Xuanyuan Canglan complete the blood sacrifice, this place would be turned into a hell at the end.
The Heavenly Thunderous Palm struck the void and tore the heaven apart while Jiang Chen’s sword swept across in all directions with use of the Sword of Solitude. Both of them were repulsed backwards by the attacks. Jiang Chen was even shocked by Xuanyuan Canglan’s battle strength now as it was so powerful. Jiang Chen was actually confident that he would not be defeated by any Heavenly God, however, he noticed the formidableness of Xuanyuan Canglan’s strikes. His strength was extraordinarily terrifying.
“You’ve triggered my real anger inside. Now, it’s time for you to die.”
Each of Xuanyuan Canglan’s steps was filled with intense killing intent.
The entire Burying Soul Mountain was full of wails. Hundreds and thousands of souls roared fiercely and rushed into the ancient beast. They sacrificed themselves with their fresh blood. At that moment, the ancient beast started shivering and there was even a low heart beating sound coming out from it. Everyone was really depressed and found breathing difficult.
“Thunderous Defense Palm shatters the world!”
Xuanyuan Canglan showed his trump card this time. When the palm struck, the entire heaven was shaken. Following the dreadful thunderstorm, Jiang Chen immediately raised up his head and faced the palm.
“Fire God Guards, build the formation!”
Jiang Chen roared in rage. The twelve Fire God Guards immediately built up the formation–the Heavenly Fire Disengaging Formation that turned heaven around with its burning fire flame.
Another Thunderous Palm struck on the Heavenly Fire Disengaging Formation created by the twelve Fire God Guards. The Fire God Guards’s arms started cracking this time, but the formation still remained burning. Suddenly, something changed with the Fire God Guards. Twelve heavenly fires spurted out in all directions and fell down on the ground with extraordinary momentum.
The Heavenly Fires was burning the Burying Soul Mountain but Xuanyuan Canglan resisted it successfully. Jiang Chen also managed to escape another misfortune.
“It’s dangerous. This guy has so many different techniques.”
Xu Jin was shocked just now and was covered with cold sweat, but Jiang Chen managed to withstand Xuanyuan Canglan’s attacks at the end.
“He’s really terrifying.”
Yu Rongyan looked solemn and said in a low voice. The four of them exchanged a glance, indicating their intention to join hands and help Jiang Chen fight Xuanyuan Canglan.
The Four Great Demon Kings looked at Jiang Chen as well. The battle between Jiang Chen and Xuanyuan Canglan kept escalating and they found it astonishing.
“A Middle True God Realm human can be this formidable. He really opens my eyes,” murmuredthe Dark Bat Kings.
“Yes. This is also the first time I have seen an expert like him. I guess he won’t show any signs of being defeated even if he was confronting us. Humans have another realm of potential that we, the beasts, would never be able to achieve as we are totally different species.”
The Nine-headed Dragon sighed as he was amazed at Jiang Chen’s potential.
Sword God Xue Liang was also paying attention to Jiang Chen silently. It was out of his expectation that Jiang Chen was able to withstand Xuanyuan Canglan’s attacks as he was only a True God. He would possibly become an unparalleled expert in the future and Xue Liang felt that his name of Sword God could be threatened.
Jiang Chen took the lead in their fight against Xuanyuan Canlang while Xu Jin and the others were helping aside. Terrifying airwaves swept across heaven and earth dreadfully.
“You guys deserve death and all of you shall be buried here.”
Xuanyuan Canglan was holding the Overload Halberd and tearing the void apart. It was a Heavenly God Realm Divine Tool. As soon as it struck, Xu Jin and Yu Rongyan were repulsed immediately. Then, Liu Quanchao and Qin Yumo suffered the same consequence as well.
Jiang Chen was wrestling with Xuanyuan Canglan’s Overload Halberd. Both of them were under great pressure. The Fire God Guards also helped Jiang Chen aside, but they could not help much. Xuanyuan Canglan was like an unparalleled king with an irresistible mightiness. Jiang Chen kept taking steps backwards under Xuanyuan Canglan’s suppression. Although he had the help of the dragon transformation, he could not turn the situation around. Jiang Chen’s face became incomparably gloomy and he could only try his best to avoid Xuanyuan Canglan’s attacks.
“Divine Halberd, Divine Halberd, it’s unparalleled!”
Xuanyuan Canglan’s aura was overbearing and it kept pressing against Jiang Chen. The Overload Halberd pricked through Jiang Chen’s clothes and even the Profound Heavenly Armour cracked slightly. Jiang Chen found it hard to resist the dreadful power of the attack and he spurted out a mouthful of blood. His face looked pale.
“Fire Qilin!”
Jiang Chen squinted his eyes and summoned Fire Qilin out. He rode on Fire QIlin and both of them soared up the sky while fighting Xuanyuan Canglan fiercely.
Fire Qilin roared loudly while spurting out his flames around the void. However, Xuanyuan Canglan was not affected at all.
“Not bad that you can make a Fire Qilin submit to you. However, that Fire Qilin would belong to me later on. Hahaha, it is fit to be my slave.”
Xuanyuan Canglan disdained everyone, his laughter was as loud as thunderclap. Fire Qilin was outraged and he kept spitting out Qilin Fire unceasingly. Jiang Chen strengthened his power and came to exchange blows with Xuanyuan Canglan again.
“Sword of Solitude, the Fusion of Dragon and Sword!”
Jiang Chen was furious and continued to make heavy strikes with the help of Fire Qilin and the Fire God Guards. However, Xuanyuan Canglan’s strength unexpectedly advanced at this moment. It was out of Jiang Chen’s expectation. Although he had not reached Heavenly God Realm, Xuanyuan Canglan’s power had no much difference from a Heavenly God. Fire Qilin and the Fire God Guards, and even Jiang Chen, withdrew immediately. Only by defending together were Jiang Chen and Fire Qilin able to withstand Xuanyuan Canglan’s attack.
“Unexpectedly you have such a powerful battle strength. It’s startling. But, even though you’re strong, you won’t be stronger than the ancient beast. Soon, all of you are going to be buried here.”
“I am going to kill you before that. You won’t be able to see its reborn.”
Jiang Chen said with a cold smile.
“Conceited. You won’t be able to run away this time. I will kill you and use your blood for the blood sacrifice.”
Xuanyuan Canglan’s eyes looked ruthless as he stared at Jiang Chen. Jiang Chen looked at the void above and saw that the heartbeat of the ancient beast had become more and more intense. Did this mean that their end was arriving very soon, didn’t it?
The ancient beast was being formed up unceasingly by the blood sacrifice. It was irresistible and everything was ready expect what was crucial.
Jiang Chen turned into a dragon and crashed into Xuanyuan Canglan with the Fusion of Dragon and Sword . Fire Qilin used up his full power as well, trying to create a threat to Xuanyuan Canglan. However, Xuanyuan Canglan became stronger now. Jiang Chen suddenly realised that the reborn of the ancient beast must be relevant to him. Because Xuanyuan Canglan’s formidable strength did not seem to come from himself but was somewhat connected to the beast.
“It’s shameful to have such power by relying on others. Haha”
Jiang Chen laughed coldly.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2414 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2415


Chapter 2415
He Survived
Jiang Chen’s face looked solemn as Xuanyuan Canglan’s combat strength was completely out of his expectation. This guy’s strength kept increasing unexpectedly. This meant that the blood sacrifice might be significantly relevant to him, otherwise, why would his strength keep increasing?
At this moment, Jiang Chen was under greater and greater pressure while Sword God Xue Liang started getting exhausted from confronting the twenty Heavenly God Realm beasts. However, he had not shown any signs of being defeated at all as he was a Sword God. His actual strength had already reached the Mid Heavenly God Realm. Even though he suppressed his own cultivation in the Hidden Secret Realm, his overbearingness was still irresistible at the moment.
The Four Demon Kings were also struggling facing such a huge number of Heavenly God Realm beasts. Xuanyuan Canglan had already made this plan beforehand and had already foreseen this. That was why he could be this calm and composed. Once the ancient beast was reborn, it would be the end for everyone here.
Xuanyuan Canglan’s attack had become more and more fierce, makkin Jiang Chen extremely careful with his steps. The Fire God Guards’s Heavenly Fire Disengaging Formation kept being suppressed by Xuanyuan Canglan. It was pretty challenging and they did not have any strength to counter Xuanyuan Canglan at all. At this moment, Jiang Chen was still àaaaaable to withstand Xuanyuan Canglan’s attack, however, his situation had become very dangerous. He could be defeated by Xuanyuan Canglan anytime. Xuanyuan Canglan’s strength was on another level now, and even Sword God Xue Liang was shocked by his current strength.
“I am afraid that Xuanyuan Canglan is not any weaker than me now.”
Sword God Xue Liang knew that he could not compare his strength to other experts here as his actual strength had already reached the Mid Heavenly God Realm. Although he had suppressed his cultivation realm, his dexterity, experience and speed were not inferior at all. His imposing manner and combat strength was completely incomparable to other ordinary Half-step Heavenly Gods. However, Xuanyuan Canglan had already reached the same realm as him right now.
“Jiang Chen’s current situation is too dangerous.”
Everyone looked serious. Liu Quanchao could not help but feel worried. Jiang Chen had been constantly retreating, if this situation continued, there would be no more place for him to escape.
“Jiang Chen, be careful!” The Fire Qilin roared all of a sudden.
Xuanyuan Canglan’s divine halberd fell down from the heaven with enormous power that could shatter the void effortlessly.
Jiang Chen kept withdrawing himself, yet how could Xuanyuan Canglan’s divine halberd give Jiang Chen a chance? The Divine halberd had blocked his escape. The Fire Qilin immediately rushed in front of Jiang Chen to help him, yet he was repulsed badly by Xuanyuan Canglan’s palm strikes. The Fire Qilin roared in pain and was injured severely. If he was not powerful, he would have been killed immediately by the palm strike.
“Jiang Chen, I am going to kill you. No one can stop me. Accept your trial.”
Xuanyuan Canglan’s divine halberd was unparalleled and no one was able to withstand it. Jiang Chen used his sword to block the halberd, but his sword was repulsed. Everyone found the scene unbearable to watch as Jiang Chen would probably be defeated in the battle soon. Would Jiang Chen who had created miracles numerous times really be defeated in this battle?
“Heavenly Dragon Battle Armour!”
Jiang Chen remained calm while staring at Xuanyuan Canglan who was in the sky.
With the help of the Heavenly Dragon Battle Armour, that could even withstand the strike of Divine King experts, Jiang Chen was fearless and confronted the divine halberd directly.
“Jiang Chen!”
Liu Quanchao gritted his teeth tightly and his eyes looked a bit blurry. Jiang Chen had saved his life a few times throughout their journey in Hidden Secret Realm. But, in the moment when Jiang Chen fell into a predicament, he couldn’t do anything to help. He could only watch Jiang Chen fall.
“He is indeed a genius, however, he didn’t have enough time to advance his cultivation realm.”
Yu Rongyan sighed. Their destiny would not be any better than Jiang Chen’s because Jiang Chen’s death means that they would not have anyone defending them anymore. They felt guilty for doing nothing, and could only watch Jiang Chen be defeated and killed.
Under the divine halberd, a part of Burying Soul Mountain was shattered. The Divine Halberd had even caused a huge pit on the mountain, causing dusts to fly across the entire mountain.
However, while the mountain was shaking, Jiang Chen’s figure managed to stand up slowly from the ground. He was like someone came from the ancient times as his black pupils gave off a dazzling radiance. His body was like a firm mountain standing up in the midst of the dusts.
With the Heavenly Dragon Battle Armour, Jiang Chen’s defense was impressive as Xuanyuan Canglan’s halberd was not even able to hurt him at all. Jiang Chen’s appearance looked cold when appeared in front of Xuanyuan Canglan once again. Sword God Xue Liang who always stayed calm was dumbstruck this time.
“He managed to stay alive, is this real?”
Now Xue Liang understood that Jiang Chen had already reached a realm that was comparable to his strength. Jiang Chen was only a Mid True God, so his combat strength had truly gained everyone’s respect. He even gained the Sword God’s respect.
“How could this be possible? Jiang Chen is still alive. Hahah.”
“Yes. He’s still alive, he did not die yet.”
“Jiang Chen. Unparalleled!”
Looking at Liu Quanchao and the others’ excited faces, Jiang Chen’s heart was ignited once again because he knew that he was not alone. Behind him, there were many other experts who struggled in Hidden Secret Realm. If he lost to Xuanyuan Canglan, then something unfortunate would surely happen to them as well. Because of this, he became even more dreadful as he was energized with trust and hope.
He could not be defeated. It was for himself and for those innocents experts. Xuanyuan Canglan had to die!
“You’re quite strong and it’s a bit out of my expectation. Okay, then you are going to suffer a more brutal attack later. Hahaha.”
Xuanyuan Canglan said in a ruthless manner. He had already sent out his strongest attack, but Jiang Chen was still alive. Jiang Chen’s rise had indeed shocked Xuanyuan Canglan, but he would not get affected by this. Very soon, the ancient giant beast would be completed. By that time, Xuanyuan Canglan would be relaxed.
“It’s not easy to kill me. I am afraid that you’re not strong enough to kill me. Hehehe.”
Jiang Chen smiled faintly. After using the dragon transformation, Jiang Chen’s strength had already reached the Half-step Heavenly God Realm, but there was still a huge gap between his strength and Xuanyuan Canglan’s. Jiang Chen had to be even more brutal than before, otherwise no one would survive when the ancient giant beast was reborn.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2415 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2416


Chapter 2416
Nine Stars Heavenly Tribulation Lightning
“You are forcing my hand, Jiang Chen. I cannot rest easy without killing you now.” Xuanyuan Canglan released a very strong murderous intent.
Jiang Chen must die, there are things in his possession that he wanted. The Ancestral Dragon Pagoda… Even though Jiang Chen hadn’t shown himself for a very long time, he had always been searching for Jiang Chen.
“I can kill Wu Rufeng… I can also kill you.” Jiang Chen said coldly.
“I should’ve known, with Rufeng’s capabilities, there are only less than five people in this place that could kill him. Only I could stop him from running away, no one else could thoroughly kill him off. Since it’s you… then it’s all good, we shall settle our score now.” Xuanyuan Canglan said as he closed the distance between him and Jiang Chen.
This time, his lightning palm strikes were fiercer than before. Jiang Chen’s expression changed as he quickly retreated.
“Heavenly Lightning? To think you also possess Heavenly Lightning.” Jiang Chen’s eyes were filled with shock. I have the Dawn Sky Golden Lightning, it’s a form of Heavenly Lightning. A true Heavenly Tribulation Lightning. But this Xuanyaun Canglan also has it, this is unexpected…
“Pretty sharp… Yes… Such a terrifying Heavenly Lightning. Wouldn’t it be great if it’s controlled by me? It’s a pity that this is something that was temporarily given to me by the immemorial giant beast. I wouldn’t dare touch this Heavenly Lightning without him. Even though the might of the Nine Stars Heavenly Tribulation Lightning was 90% sealed away, it’s more than enough to deal with you. I can even kill a Heavenly God by utilising the lightning with my Thunderous Palm!” Xuanyuan Canglan said with pride and murderous intent.
The Nine Stars Heavenly Tribulation Lightning! It was something much more terrifying than Jiang Chen’s Dawn Sky Golden Lightning. A Heavenly Lightning that will only descend when one tries to break through the Divine King Realm. To think he could control it… The Nine Stars Heavenly Tribulation Lightning was definitely stronger than the Dawn Sky Golden Lightning; it’s alightning that could even scare a Divine King, a truly formidable lightning.
“Thunderous palm, Nine Stars Heavenly Tribulation Lightning!”
Xuanyuan Canglan advanced once again. The Nine Stars Heavenly Tribulation Lightning trembled the air, lightning flashed across the sky, and thunder could be heard, the power of lightning spread across the air as if it could destroy the whole place.
“Jiang Chen, he’s very strong. We cannot blame anyone, it’s just that Xuanyuan Canglan is stronger.” Yu Rongyan said quietly.
Nine Stars Heavenly Tribulation Lightning! How could Jiang Chen withstand it? Jiang Chen probably barely survived from Xuanyuan Canglan’s attack from their previous clash. But now? The final nail has been hammered, Jiang Chen has no way out now.
“Nine Stars Heavenly Tribulation Lightning… great! Let’s see whether my Dawn Sky Golden Lightning is stronger or yours.” Jiang Chen said.
This Nine Stars Heavenly Tribulation Lightning, he wants it! If he could control both lightning, then his abilities would surely increase by several folds. It’ll be easier to rob the Nine Stars Heavenly Tribulation Lightning from Xuanyuan Canglan, whereby it will be impossible to grab it from the immemorial giant beast. I’m lucky that he’s only able to use 10% of the lightning’s original strength.
Jiang Chen lifted his palm and the Dawn Sky Golden Lightning instantly fell from the sky. Those terrifying thunder clouds could no longer be differentiated, whether it’s from the Dawn Sky Golden Lightning or the Nine Stars Heavenly Tribulation Lightning.
Terrifying thunder clouds gathered in the sky. At this moment, even Xuanyuan Canglan was shocked by this change. He could only call forth 10% of the Nine Stars Heavenly Tribulation Lightning’s original energy to compliment his Thunderous Palm. How did it become so powerful?
Little did he know that the thunder clouds above the sky were not from the Nine Stars Heavenly Tribulation Lightning, it was from the Dawn Sky Golden Lightning.
“Heavenly Lightning Prison Formation, rise!” Jiang Chen sneered.
The Dawn Sky Golden Lightning merged with the Heavenly Lightning Prison Formation and locked the whole area down. Xuanyuan Canglan frowned and even though he was definitely stronger, he felt unease from this change. I’m probably overthinking it.
“Your formation is mediocre, trying to lock me in with such a formation? Keep dreaming!”
Xuanyuan Canglan unleashed his swift Thunderous Plam with the Nine Stars Heavenly Tribulation Lightning. A flurry of palm strikes were struck and the void collapsed.
“Trying to fight against me? Only death awaits you! The Nine Stars Heavenly Tribulation Lightning is not something you can withstand! Hahaha.” Xuanyuan Canglan laughed hysterically.
However, those palm strikes did not land on Jiang Chen. The latter managed to dodge all of them with the Great Void Technique. Xuanyuan Canglan’s palm strike struck the formation but nothing happened. His Nine Stars Heavenly Tribulation Lightning was useless against Jiang Chen’s formation.
“Your doom is near. There’s more than one person that possesses Heavenly Lightning. Moreover, that lightning is not fully under your control. But I’m different.” Jiang Chen smiled.
Xuanyuan Canglan’s expression changed drastically. Everyone was shocked too. Only Jiang Chen remained calm…
“What?! Do you also possess a Heavenly Lightning?! This is impossible! IMPOSSIBLE! ” Xuanyuan Canglan roared furiously.
He then launched a flurry of palm strikes with the Nine Stars Heavenly Tribulation Lightning yet nothing happened. The Heavenly Lightning Prison Formation had him trapped.
“How can this be?! How can you negate the Nine Stars Heavenly Tribulation Lightning?!” Xuanyuan Canglan had gone slightly mad.
Jiang Chen’s Dawn Sky Golden Lightning had descended from the sky and into the Heavenly Lightning Prison Formation. A loud rumble of thunder could be heard. At this moment, Xuanyuan Canglan realised that those clouds did not come from the Nine Stars Heavenly Tribulation Lightning.
Xuanyuan Canglan clenched his teeth and used the Nine Stars Heavenly Tribulation Lightning to defend himself. But his mastery over the lightning was too shallow, the lightning energy was depleting at an extremely fast rate as he clashed against Jiang Chen’s Dawn Sky Golden Lightning. Xuanyuan Canglan felt a shred of danger as he could barely resist the Dawn Sky Lightning with all his might.
Xuanyuan Canglan had zero chance of winning if his lightning energy was suppressed.
“Enjoy the lightning energies to your fullest. Hahaha.” Jiang Chen said.
This time, Jiang Chen was the one laughing hysterically on the air. Sword God Xue Liang, Liu Quanchao and co. were feeling excited as they watched this scene. Because, unexpectedly, Jiang Chen managed to trap Xuanyuan Canglan and push him towards a corner.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2416 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2417


Chapter 2417
Ancestral Dragon Pagoda suppresses and the Myriad Qi Cauldron seizes
Xuanyuan Canglan was incomparably upset as he was trapped within the Heavenly Lightning Prison Formation, and he was also shocked from the might of the Heavenly Lightning. Not even the Nine Stars Heavenly Tribulation Lightning was enough to withstand it and he could only suffer the ‘baptism’ of the Dawn Sky Golden Lightning.
Luckily, he was powerful enough. Otherwise, a normal Half-Step Heavenly God would’ve already died under that attack. It was a Heavenly God Realm grade attack. Who could take it head-on? However, he used almost all of his strength to withstand Jiang Chen’s lightning strike.
“Trying to kill me?! Not so easy!” Xuanyuan Canglan roared furiously as he launched a flurry of attacks with the Nine Stars Heavenly Tribulation Lightning.
Jiang Chen could not kill his opponent easily from the looks of it. Moreover, his strength is still rising, even though he’s not a genuine Heavenly God, he’s still a threat.
At this moment, Jiang Chen was not planning to kill Xuanyuan Canglan but to get the Nine Stars Heavenly Tribulation Lightning!
“It’ll take me a great effort to kill you, so I’ve decided not to kill you. However, that Nine Stars Heavenly Tribulation Lightning is mine!” Jiang Chen said.
Excitement could be seen from Jiang Chen’s eyes. This was the best opportunity for him to seize the Nine Stars Heavenly Tribulation Lightning.
“You want to take the Nine Stars Heavenly Tribulation Lightning from me? Keep dreaming! It is sealed by the immemorial giant beast, you cannot take it away from me.” Xuanyuan Canglan said coldly.
“Let’s see about that.” Jiang Chen said.
Jiang Chen summoned the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda and exerted its might. At this moment, everyone was shocked. This was the first time Jiang Chen exerted the prestige of the pagoda, he was trying to suppress Xuanyuan Canglan and the Nine Stars Heavenly Tribulation Lightning with it.
“Such a terrifying dragon prestige! What grade could that divine tool be?!”
“This Jiang Chen… could he be a reincarnation of a God Emperor from the Supreme Heavens? To think there’s such a terrifying treasure!”
“Looks like it won’t be easy for Xuanyuan Canglan to deal with Jiang Chen. The void is on the verge of collapsing from the pagoda’s suppression.”
Xuanyuan Canglan’s eyes became cold as he once again set his eyes upon the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda, but now it was used to suppress him.
The Ancestral Dragon Pagoda shone brightly as it pressured the void while the Heavenly Lightning Prison Formation completely covered the pagoda. Xuanyuan Canglan felt that his aura was continuously being pressured. The might of the pagoda was terrifying,
“!!! This Jiang Chen is interesting. I would’ve wanted to duel with you if it weren’t for these pesky fellas.”
Battle intent flashed across Sword God Xue Liang’s eyes, Jiang Chen also gave him a glance. Looks like this fella is also a battle junky. Xue Liang felt that they were the same type of person.
“Nobody could suppress me! Nine Stars Heavenly Tribulation Lightning, rise!” Xuanyuan Canglanr roared furiously.
The Nine Stars Heavenly Tribulation Lightning kept on clashing with the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda. But the suppression of the pagoda was constant, it was as firm and steady as the Himalayan Mountain Range.
Xuanyuan Canglan’s eyes became red as he stared at Jiang Chen while gritting his teeth. He was constantly being suppressed by the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda, rendering the Nine Stars Heavenly Tribulation Lightning useless. At this moment, he finally felt threatened.
“It’s not only you that I’m suppressing, it’s the Nine Stars Heavenly Tribulation Lightning. That is my main target.” Jiang Chen’s eyes lit up brightly.
He was dead set on getting the Nine Stars Heavenly Tribulation Lightning.
Under the suppression of the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda, Xuanyuan Canglan could not exert much of his strength and he felt like the Nine Stars Heavenly Tribulation Lightning was breaking away from his control as it tried to break free from the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda.
“Trying to rob my Nine Stars Heavenly Tribulation Lightning?! Keep Dreaming!” Xuanyuan Canglan clenched his teeth.
At this moment, he was finally suppressed but he was still fearless because he knew that the immemorial giant beast was on the verge of reviving.
“That is not for you to decide.” Jiang Chen said solemnly.
The Ancestral Dragon Pagoda then shone brightly while the Nine Stars Heavenly Tribulation Lightning was getting weaker. It could not break through the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda’s defences no matter how hard it attacked. One could feel the lightning being depressed.
All beings have spirits. The Nine Stars Heavenly Tribulation Lightning was the same. But it only possesses a self-defence instinct. It was impossible for it to break through the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda’s defence.
“Now, I am going to cut off your connection with the Nine Stars Heavenly Tribulation Lightning. The Ancestral Dragon Pagoda shall suppress and the Myriad Qi Cauldron shall seize. No one could stop me from getting the Nine Stars Heavenly Tribulation Lightning from you now.” Jiang Chen said.
Jiang Chen waved his left palm and the Myriad Qi Cauldron appeared, it then attacked the Nine Stars Heavenly Tribulation Lightning. The qi of the cauldron managed to seal the energy of the Nine Stars Heavenly Tribulation Lightning effortlessly.
“What is this?” Xuanyuan Canglan looked at the Myriad Qi Cauldron, completely shocked.
Even though he did not know what it was, the dominance of the cauldron was evident. He was thoroughly shocked, the cauldron was able to tame the violent Nine Stars Heavenly Tribulation Lightning. Under the suppression of the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda, the Myriad Qi Cauldron was able to easily face the resistance of the Nine Stars Heavenly Tribulation Lightning.
Jiang Chen’s lips curved up into a smile. At this moment, the Nine Stars Heavenly Tribulation Lightning had become his.
“No, no, no…………..!!!” Xuanyuan Canglan’s eyes became red as he couldn’t do anything to stop it.
Jiang Chen’s Myriad Qi Cauldron had cut the connection between him and the Nine Stars Heavenly Tribulation Lightning. The lightning now changed into a lightning ball and was sucked into the cauldron.
Xuanyuan Canglan couldn’t believe his eyes. The Nine Stars Heavenly Tribulation Lightning was forcefully taken from him. It was a heavy blow to his pride and once the immemorial giant beast awakens, he will certainly face a heavy punishment.
“You bastard!!!” Xuanyuan Canglan cursed.
But at this moment, Jiang Chen didn’t give a sh*t. The Nine Stars Heavenly Tribulation Lightning was extremely violent, it could not be tamed immediately. Hence, Jiang Chen kept it in the Myriad Qi Cauldron.
Jiang Chen looked at the lightning ball, the Nine Stars Heavenly Tribulation Lightning was finally his, once he fused with the lightning, his strength will surely increase by several folds. At that moment, not even a dozen Xuanyuan Canglan would be his match.
Now that the Nine Stars Heavenly Tribulation Lightning has fallen into Jiang Chen’s hand, he needed to deal with this fella now. Xuanyuan Canglan was the cause of all of this, he needed to end it now.
“Trying to kill me? Why don’t you look back? Hahaha.” Xuanyuan Canglan laugh was, echoeing through the clouds.
At this moment, the thousand Zhang immemorial giant beast behind Jiang Chen slowly stood up.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2417 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2418


The child of the Ancestral Dragon
Everyone’s eyes were fixed upon the giant beast as if a giant hammer was pummeled upon their hearts, their expression changed drastically as they were in a mental shock.
The body of a lion, the tail of a horse, the eyes of a tiger, the brows of a dragon, a gigantic body like a titan, a mouth like a black hole, one that could even devour the heavens, the earth, the mountains, the river, and shattering everything under the heavens.
Jiang Chen’s gaze was extremely serious. That giant beast was one of the most ferocious beasts since the immemorial time, nobody knew who it was, but everyone was afraid of its prestige.
“I…… am finally revived.” The immemorial giant beast murmured.
A hint of confusion could be heard in its voice. It’s giant eyes looked across the mountain range as everyone had felt a deep sense of fear.
“Where am I… How could I not remember who I am… what am I doing… where did I hail from… ” The immemorial giant beast said.
Jiang Chen was slightly stunned by the words of the beast. Looks like this big fella has lost his memories. Why? Could he be connected to the frozen man from the Earthly Hades Sacred Mountain? Every one of them was guessing why the giant beast lost its memories…
“Hahaha, the immemorial giant beast is finally revived. All of you here shall die!” Xuanyuan Canglan sneered.
At this moment, the immemorial giant beast looked around with eyes full of avarice.
“Hungry…”
The immemorial giant beast sighed and grabbed four Heavenly God Realm demonic beasts with its giant claw and shoved it into its mouth. The four beasts were instantly devoured. No one was able to react to that, because it happened in an instant like someone was chomping down on a dumpling. Even Jiang Chen was stunned by this scene. This beast is way too scary! He could already estimate the beast’s strength. A true immemorial beast that stands above all others!
“We need to get out of here as soon as possible. Otherwise, we’re all going to become food for that giant beast.” Sword God Xue Liang said.
He realised the danger of facing the immemorial giant beast. They must get out of here fast.
The giant beast immediately grabbed six Heavenly God Realm demonic beasts with its claw after Xue Liang finished his sentence. They were all subordinates of Xuanyuan Canglan. The latter just stood there silently as he knew that the big fella was going to devour those beasts, it was inevitable.
“What kind of demonic beast is that? How could it be this powerful?! To be able to gulp down demonic beasts alive?!”
The Dark Bat King’s expression changed drastically as it took several steps back. The four great demon kings were all wearing an ugly expression, They were swift in their reaction and were able to avoid being devoured. But the appetite of the giant beast was massive. In just a while, another five giant demonic beasts were swallowed whole, it was a gruesome scene. All beings, no matter beasts or humans were shocked to the core and dared not to dawdle.
“A giant beast that devours, looks like we’re in big trouble.” Jiang Chen said quietly as he looked at the Fire Qilin. The latter changed into his human form, his face was pale white as he looked at the immemorial giant beast, completely speechless.
“Do you know what it is?” Jiang Chen asked quietly.
The Fire Qilin looked at Jiang Chen without saying anything for a while.
“We’re probably all going to die.”
“Why? That immemorial giant beast, what is it? Is it that powerful?” Jiang Chen said in disbelief.
“The dragon has nine children. Each of them is different. The most terrifying and gluttonous one is none other than the Tao Tie. Moreover, this is not the offspring of Tao Tie, it’s the ancestor. Even though it doesn’t look like a dragon, its blood is purer compared to the Dragon Clan. Because it is the son of the ancestral dragon. ‘In the legends, there is a monster called Tao Tie, it could devour the sun, moon and stars. It died in the Northern Sea and was buried under a green hill, its soul wandered in the nothingness, yet it could not enter the Divine Tomb. Those who saw Tao Tie shall be devoured.’” The Fire Qilin’s voice trembled.
“The Qilin clan could face it, but only the Single Horned Golden Qilin could face the Tao Tie. But both of them should’ve perished in the immemorial times. But this Tao Tie has been lying in wait for god knows how many years, buried underneath this ground, awaiting its revival. He must be the remnant of the immemorial age. In my inherited memory, there’s a vague record about this, a giant battle, a battle that lasted for two eras, the beginning and the end of one era. All beings perished, experts were like ants, dying here and there. The nine children of the dragon could devour everything, only the Ancestral Dragon could truly suppress them.”
Jiang Chen’s heart was hit by a wave of emotion through the Fire Qilin’s words. Who could’ve known this secret if it weren’t for the fragments of the Fire Qilin’s inherited memories?
When Jiang Chen lifted his head once again, his eyes were extremely solemn.
“We only have one choice, and that is to run, run as far as we could.” The Fire Qilin said quietly.
He wasn’t a cowardly and weak person, but in the face of absolute strength, all schemes were useless.  He was strong but not invincible. The Fire Qilin thoroughly lost against Xuanyuan Canglan even though he could easily win against your average Heavenly Gods.
But at this moment, there wasn’t a choice left for him to choose. He knew about the terror of the Tao Tie. He cannot fight back, that would spell the death of him. Perhaps, they could get away with their lives if they could run and hide until the realm reopens. But the end may have already been set in stone before that moment comes.
“Congratulations, my Lord for your return, my Lord shall reign supreme in this Heaven and Earth!” Xuanyuan Canglan said excitingly.
“I remember you, you’re the human who helped me return to this world. Very well, from now on, you shall be my slave, this is your greatest honour.” The Tao Tie said.
Xuanyuan Canglan’s lips slightly trembled. This fella totally thinks that I am his slave, that wasn’t what he said when I helped him prolong his life. Now, Xuanyuan Canglan knew that he was played by Tao Tie.
“Something’s not right, why is my Nine Stars Heavenly Tribulation Lightning gone? Speak, did you embezzle my Heavenly Lightning?!”
The Tao Tie took a step forward and the earth shook. Xuanyuan Canglan took several steps back with an ugly expression. He then pointed at Jiang Chen: “It’s him. He’s the one who stole my Lord’s Nine Stars Heavenly Tribulation Lightning, it’s my… blunder.” Xuanyuan Canglan gritted his teeth, silently praying that he would not incur the wrath of the beast.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2418 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2419


Chapter 2419
He ran away, just like that?
“Useless.”
Tao Tie waved his arm and shattered a mountain. Xuanyuan Canglan ran away in a distressed manner as he looked at the lying beast. But who can he look to reason with?
In this world, the one with the bigger fist has the say on anything. It was the eternal infallible truth. History is and always will be written by the victors.
“Puny human, you dare steal my Nine Stars Heavenly Tribulation Lightning, this is displeasing. Why can’t I feel the aura of my lightning?!” Tao Tie opened hid bloody mouth as it looked at Jiang Chen coldly.
“Immemorial giant beast, Tao Tie, you should’ve died aeons ago. Looks like you’re also a scheming demonic beast, and you’re able to revive now.” Jiang Chen said.
“What?! Tao Tie?”
“Impossible?! Tao Tie is born to devour the Heavens. Could this beast really be Tao Tie?”
“To think I just saved a Tao Tie?” Xuanyuan Canglan murmured. He too did not know that the beast was the Tao Tie.
“You’re right, to think you know who I am and able to hide the Nine Stars Heavenly Tribulation Lightning. I am curious about you… you’re probably able to know who I am through the inheritance of the Fire Qilin.” Tao Tie said indifferently.
He then grabbed 8 Heavenly God Realm demonic beasts and put them into his mouth. At that moment, everyone gasped again. Heavenly God Realm demonic beasts were just a snack in the face of Tao Tie. Their situation was much more dangerous than they could imagine.
Jiang Chen was also stunned. At this moment, Tao Tie locked onto him.
“Speak, where is my Nine Stars Heavenly Tribulation Lightning?!” Tao Tie said.
Tao Tie’s divine prestige reached the whole area, his voice reached as far as a thousand Li, immensely pressuring everyone. While he was speaking, his claws and mouth were not stopping, as he continued to gulp down the demonic beasts. The legend of Tao Tie was true, but it was a preposterous sight to behold. Liu Quanchao and co. sighed for their powerlessness as they were lesser than those demonic beasts, they’re just insects, ready to be stomped.
“Wanna know where the Nine Stars Heavenly Tribulation Lightning is? Easy. I ‘ll tell you unless you’re willing to kneel and give me three kowtows. ” Jiang Chen said calmly.
Everyone became dumbfounded from Jiang Chen’s words. Does he not want to live? To provoke Tao Tie?! He’s dancing with the God of Death.
“Your life, at this moment, is forfeited. The Nine Stars Heavenly Tribulation Lightning will appear after I kill you.” Tao Tie was getting impatient towards Jiang Chen.
“You won’t see the Nine Stars Heavenly Tribulation Lightning forever if you kill me.” Jiang Chen said confidently.
“Looks like Jiang Chen must have some plans in dealing with the big fella. Stay calm everyone.” Liu Quanchao said quietly.
“Then, I’ll kill you to pacify my heart, I refuse to believe that there’s nothing I, Tao Tie, cannot resolve.” Tao Tie harrumphed. His breath could even destroy mountains and valleys.
“This fella is too strong, I cannot face him head-on nor face him with tricks. Of the Thirty-Six Stratagems, fleeing is best. Run, run away!” Jiang Chen shouted.
He then vanished and ran away under the eyes of the dumbfounded Liu Quanchao and co.
“Trying to run? Not so easy…” Tao Tie’s eyes were incredibly cold.
Jiang Chen had offended him and stole his Nine Stars Heavenly Tribulation Lightning. How could he stand this? A mere human dared to provoke the great Tao Tie, ignoring him, the flames of his anger were thoroughly lit by Jiang Chen.
“That fella, he ran away, just like that?” Liu Quanchao was dumbfounded.
He thought that Jiang Chen had some plans as he was so confident but to think he would run away at the very next moment. This was too much for them to handle, this fella always chose the most unique path.
But it was logical, the beast was too powerful, it’s best to run away and get away with their lives.
“It’s not like I’m going to sit there and let him eat me, of course I’m going to run away.” Jiang Chen murmured.
Currently, he’s unleashed the Great Void Technique and teleported at the spot a hundred Li away from the site. But Tao Tie had Jiang Chen locked on because he stole his Nine Stars Heavenly Tribulation Lightning. He must be eliminated.
The four great demon kings pursued Jiang Chen after he vanished from the mountains of the Burying Soul Mountain, it was time for their great escape. Who could face the powerful Tao Tie?
But even if Liu Quanchao and co. wanted to run away, it wasn’t an easy task for them. Xuanyuan Canglan was eyeing on them, he wasn’t planning on letting them go. Plus, he’s the lapdog of the beast, he would’ve followed the beast wherever it goes. At that moment, the whole Hidden Secret Realm would become Hell’s on earth.
It covered a hundred li with three steps, the prestige of Tao Tie was unstoppable. At this moment, Jiang Chen could no longer run away. Tao Tie’s figure was like the sky that instantly stopped Jiang Chen in his tracks.
“You shall not get away from my grasp. Hand over the Nine Stars Heavenly Tribulation Lightning, puny human.” Tao Tie said.
Tao Tie locked down the whole area Jiang Chen was in. The latter could only laugh bitterly. Tao Tie’s strength had quietly gone past the Heavenly God Realm even though it had just woken up. If this goes on, he would probably reach the strength of a God Emperor if he completely recovered…
Tao Tie is the child of the ancestral dragon, it has the purest bloodline, better than those so-called Dragon Clan. A top predator from the Immemorial times, how could he be weak?
“This fella is hard to deal with, looks like we’re doomed, Jiang Chen.” Fire Qilin said in a depressed tone.
Because at this moment, they’re trapped. There’s no way for them to run away, this Hidden Secret Realm was like a giant prison for them.
“I will not give up until the very last.” Jiang Chen said coldly.
He was prepared to fight to his last breath. Men should die fighting, die standing, rather than cowering in fear.
“I wish to ride the wind and return, my blade shall cut the void and heavenly intent in half! The invincible Fusion of Dragon and Sword!”
Jiang Chen unleashed his strongest technique. He never used this before, by combining the Fusion of Dragon and Sword with the Sword of Solitude, not even a Heavenly God expert could withstand that attack.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2419 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2420


Chapter 2420
Burning the flame of its essence
“Parlour tricks. But that sword intent is interesting.” Tao Tie slightly laughed.
He then lifted his claw and grabbed the Heavenly Dragon Sword, causing Jiang Chen to tumble in the air and release his sword intent, only to break free from the grasp of Tao Tie. From Jiang Chen’s point of view, the second blade of the Sword of Solitude could only leave a thin sword mark on Tao Tie’s body.
“This… is terrifying. This immemorial giant beast is incomparably ferocious.” Jiang Chen’s heart was struck with a wave of emotion.
His most powerful attack was easily stopped by Tao Tie. It was a heavy blow for Jiang Chen. How could this fella be this powerful?!
Liu Quanchao and co. were surrounded by the four great demon kings and its army, which was led by Xuanyuan Canglan, cutting off their route to escape.
Sword God Xue Liang struck a powerful slash towards Tao Tie. The latter quickly turned and roared. Its roar trembled the void, the sky, the earth. Sword God Xue Liang was instantly pushed back by Tao Tie, coughing out a mouthful of blood on the way. A single roar from the beast could even push a powerful expert like him back.
“Puny human, you dare ambush me? Die!” Tao Tie roared.
He then swiped and shattered the void. Xue Liang’s expression drastically changed as he retreated in a hurry, he used everything he had to defend against this attack even though he was a hundred li away. He only managed to live by having a Divine Heavenly Tool to stop Tao Tie’s attack.
At this moment, Jiang Chen wanted to take this chance to run away. But Tao Tie was sharp, it only took a single step from him to catch up to Jiang Chen. Not even Xue Liang could measure against that beast.
“Looks like this Hidden Secret Realm is going to undergo a giant change.”
Jiang Chen saw that Tao Tie’s attack was coming, and immediately summoned his Heavenly Dragon Battle Armour. The armour was instantly cracked by Tao Tie’s attack and Jiang Chen suffered major internal damage. He most likely could not take another attack from Tao Tie.
Sure enough, Tao Tie wasn’t planning on giving Jiang Chen a breather. The second attack came immediately, Jiang Chen tried to repair the Heavenly Dragon Battle Armour but to no avail. This time, the Heavenly Dragon Battle Armour was almost destroyed and Jiang Chen suffered a lethal injury. Jiang Chen quickly recovered his strength from the Wood Spirit and Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pill. But Tao Tie wasn’t letting up its pressure. Jiang Chen nearly died after taking two attacks from Tao Tie.
“Could it be that this is where I fall?” Jiang Chen murmured.
“You won’t die yet for I am here.” A cold and gentle voice reverberated in Jiang Chen’s ears.
A red figure suddenly stood in front of Jiang Chen.
“Red Lotus…” Jiang Chen said quietly.
This time, Red Lotus willingly came out. Because she knew that Jiang Chen could not handle Tao Tie.
“The spirit of the Karmic Fire of the Red Lotus?” Tao Tie frowned as he looked at Red Lotus.
“You knew about this one’s might, why do you not swiftly back away?” Red Lotus shouted with dominance.
“Hehe, there’s hardly anyone in this world that could threaten me. Who the f*ck do you think you are? Even though the Karmic Fire of the Red Lotus may slightly threaten me, you could not kill me. Since you’re that stubborn, I shall devour you altogether.” Tao Tie’s thunderous roar resounded through the mountain range.
“I dare you. Hmph.”
“There’s nothing in this world that I, Tao Tie could not devour.” Tao Tie roared.
Tao Tie then opened his giant mouth, causing everyone to tremble in fear. Red Lotus launched a fury of flame palm strikes, forming a terrifying blood-red lotus that landed on Tao Tie. But only a small mark could be seen on Tao Tie’s body, he did not suffer any injury.
“The Karmic Flame of the Red Lotus, you live up to your reputation. But you’re still weak. I’ve met the true spirit of the Red Lotus, the most terrifying flame in this world, I could only look at it from afar. But in the end, it still died under the onslaught of my six brothers, hahaha. Is it six or seven brothers? I don’t quite remember, only a fragment of my memory remains.”
Tao Tie fell into a confused state after laughing.
“It was you, you killed my mother!” Red Lotus’s eyes became red in anger.
Flame swords flew out from her body, the Karmic Fire of the Red Lotus burned the land and filled the earth and sky with her raging flames, not even the mighty Tao Tie could get out unscathed, his body was burnt in many places.
“It’s been such a long time, what’s dead is dead. You too shall not escape that fate, I will thoroughly shatter your soul, disallowing you the luxury of reincarnation.” Tao Tie said.
A powerful sucking force filled the air, Red Lotus launched a series of lethal attacks. But she could not gain any advantage, Tao Tie was truly terrifying, not even Red Lotus could put him down.
“The flame spirit of Red Lotus, this is what you amount to? Piss off!”
Tao Tie launched a fury of punches, dragon prestige filled the area they were in, it was extremely dominant.
Red Lotus’s expression became pale white as she was pushed back, she took Tao Tie’s attack head-on and received a great deal of damage.
“To think even Red Lotus lost against it.”
Jiang Chen suddenly felt sad. Red Lotus was his greatest card, yet even she could do nothing against Tao Tie. What could they do to get away from this predicament?
Fire Qilin clenched his teeth, he did not regret following Jiang Chen. But he could not do anything now, this was possibly their fate.
“Jiang Chen, I know you have the Qilin Divine Arm, you do not want to use it because of me. But today, we’ll have to use whatever we have to survive. I shall burn my flame essence today and help you recreate the Qilin Divine Arm. If it fails, I leave this place just a second earlier than you, that’s all.” Fire Qilin smiled palely.
Jiang Chen’s expression changed.
“Not even Red Lotus could save you if your flame essence is extinguished. ” Jiang Chen sighed.
But how could Fire Qilin not know? Do they have a choice? This was their final choice, to burn his flame essence and help Jiang Chen to rebuild the Qilin Divine Arm. If he’s lucky, he may live, if he’s not, then his flame essence shall be extinguished and he’ll be dead forever, not being able to reincarnate anymore.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2420 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2421


Chapter 2421
Ancestral Dragon Qi
“Good brothers.”
Jiang Chen patted Fire Qilin’s shoulder heavily. That slightly frail young man was extremely tall at this moment. Jiang Chen knew that the Fire Qilin was actually saving himself, and at the last strike, there was still a chance of survival if he succeeded. Otherwise, everyone here would not be able to escape from the stomach of the Tao Tie, the immemorial giant beast that could devour worlds and was an out and out devil.
“Fire Qilin, burning up, frame forged arm, Qilin reappears!”
The Fire Qilin immediately transformed into his original body and then surrounded Jiang Chen’s arm. The figure of the Qilin was accompanied by flying dragons, and flying and dancing phoenixes which roared unceasingly with the frame burning up. That was the natal fire of the Fire Qilin that was used to rebuild Jiang Chen’s Qilin Divine Arm. The heat made Jiang Chen’s shoulder feel like it would melt soon, the scorching temperature was comparable to the heat of the Karmic Fire of the Red Lotus. Jiang Chen’s eyes had now become blood red. He was not only carrying himself but also the great aspiration of the Fire Qilin. If they could defeat the Tao Tie, then they will be saved. Otherwise, they’ll end up in the beast’s stomach
“Arh…”
Jiang Chen roared, the Qilin’s natal fire was stronger than his Qilin True Fire. The cost of burning the true fire was equal to self-destructtion, but it was just chronic suicide.
“Fire Qilin……”
Jiang Chen’s eyes were filled with ruthlessness and anger, and the terrifying Qilin Divine Arm was once again exerted, a hundred times better than before. On the Qilin Divine Arm, there was a ray of beating flame.
The reason that he did not show his Qilin Divine Arm was because he did not want the Fire Qilin to feel that he was using him. The Fire Qilin chose to submit, so he lowered his proud head. Since the moment the Fire Qilin followed Jiang Chen, he took this juvenile Fire Qilin as his own brother. By now, the Fire Qilin had to use his natal fire to rescue them. Although he was not sure whether he could survive, he was duty-bound not to turn back.
Jiang Chen felt great sorrow, but the Qilin Divine Arm has already been completely transformed. After experiencing the burning baptism of the Fire Qilin, Jiang Chen’s left arm had been reborn and renewed. It was now filled with terrifying explosive force. Once the Qilin Divine Arm was displayed, the whole heavens and earth would change inevitably.
Jiang Chen desired to challenge the world instantly. After having displayed the Dragon Transformation, he again put forth his Ancient Soaring Dragon Technique. At this moment, his power not only reached the Heavenly God Realm but had surpassed the Heavenly God Realm!
“Red Lotus, make way!”
Jiang Chen roared like the heaven-shaking and earth-shattering thunder. Red Lotus was slightly startled and got out of the way quickly. The power of Jiang Chen at this moment is indescribable. After using the Ancient Soaring Dragon Technique, his strength has reached an unprecedented level, and his Qilin Divine Arm was extraordinarily terrifying. This time, Jiang Chen had bet on the Fire Qilin and his own life to conquer or to die!
“Quite interesting?”
The Tao Tie murmured.
“It is not right, this is…… the Ancient Soaring Dragon Technique? How is it possible, how could you know the Ancient Soaring Dragon Technique, even the patriarch of the Dragon Clan didn’t possess it.”
The Tao Tie’s eyes were filled with surprise and shock. The Ancient Soaring Dragon Technique not only enhanced one’s realm to the highest possible realm, but also let one be able to achieve the peak of strength possible. It is irresistible.
After showing the Ancient Soaring Dragon Technique, the Tao Tie became somewhat solemn. If Jiang Chen’s strength had reached the Heavenly God Realm, he should not take him lightly. This Ancient Soaring Dragon Technique had made Jiang Chen completely become more superior than himself.
How could this be happening? How could a Mid True God surpass the immemorial giant beast, Tao Tie?
“Impossible, this is impossible!”
The Tao Tie roared away at Jiang Chen.
“Qilin Divine Arm, the power to shake the universe!”
Jiang Chen fought with his fists with the unbeatable power of the Qilin Divine Arm. His power was almost infinite. Even the strongest human in the world would be frightened. Jiang Chen felt that he had reached an extraordinarily terrifying level, even himself was deeply shocked.
However, the Tao Tie was still very strong. Even with the Ancient Soaring Dragon Technique and the Qilin Divine Arm, he was still able to resist the punch.
“No……”
Jiang Chen was repulsed and blood spurted out madly, his expression was extremely gloomy and cold.
He could not believe it, and was unwilling to believe that the Tao Tie was still not defeated. Just how strong was this beast?
Perhaps it was because Jiang Chen did not really understand what being a immemorial giant beast, like the Tao Tie, actually meant. Even if a God Emperor met the Tao Tie , the cultivator had to take a detour. Even if he had just been resurrected now, he still could not be underestimated at all. A tiger that pulls its own teeth may even be teased by a dog when he leaves his mountain. But the Tao Tie was entirely different, this ancient giant beast was a rare existence between the heavens and earth, and he was the son of the Ancestral Dragon. All over the world, the Tao Tie was even more terrifying than the Dragon Clan.
“You’re a very strong guy. But in front of me, you still don’t have any chance of winning. Tell me, how did you obtain the Ancient Soaring Dragon Technique?”
The Tao Tie said in a low and deep voice, Jiang Chen made him become completely serious. Compared to the ancient giant beast, Jiang Chen was still too weak after all.
What he most wanted now was the Nine Stars Heavenly Tribulation Lightning and the Ancient Soaring Dragon Technique. Once he obtained these two techniques, he could roam through the Nine Heavens freely.
“Even if I die, you would not get it.”
Jiang Chen said through gritted teeth.
“You’re too stubborn, perhaps I can consider sparing your life if you give me the Ancient Soaring Dragon Technique.”
The Tao Tie said in a deep voice.
Jiang Chen knew that the Ancient Soaring Dragon Technique would absolutely be a huge help to the Tao Tie. If he gave him the Ancient Soaring Dragon Technique, it would be no different than helping a tyrant do evil. Even if he died, he will definitely not give the technique away.
“It would only happen in your dream. If I die, you will never obtain the Nine Stars Heavenly Tribulation Lightning, let alone the Ancient Soaring Dragon Technique,” Jiang Chen said coldly.
“Just accept the destiny. Your death will mean my complete rebirth and I will conquer the world. Hahaha. Even without the Ancient Soaring Dragon Technique, I can still destroy everything in my way and no one can stop me.”
The Tao Tie stepped out, facing Jiang Chen directly.
“Try as a last resort, see if you can suppress this Tao Tie.”
Jiang Chen was in despair, the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda was his last hope. At this moment, the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda gave off rays of light that shone ten thousand miles away. The small golden pagoda stood above the Tao Tie’s head, making the Tao Tie unable to move again.
“This is…… Ancestral Dragon Qi?”
The Tao Tie took a step back. His countenance fell and his whole body trembled. At this moment, his eyes looked cruel and bloody with a faint trace of fear.
“Old codger, you are still alive after thousands of years? I don’t believe it, I don’t believe it!”
Tao Tie roared loudly as he reared up with anger. He became incredibly agitated now. Under his foot, the entire Burying Soul Mountain was shattered.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2421 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2422


Chapter 2422
Unfilial Son
Even in his dream, he hadn’t expected that an old guy who had passed away hundreds and thousands of years ago was still alive. His own death was only fake as his soul was still not shattered. That was how he got to resurrect. However, this old guy was completely shattered in the past, and his soul had vanished between the heavens and earth. How can he still be alive until now?
The Ancestral Dragon Qi only belonged to one person under the heavens. The person who had it was exactly his father, the emperor of the dragon clan, the Ancestral Dragon!
Many of the people in the Divine World might have already forgotten what the Ancestral Dragon signifies. However, as the son of the Ancestral Dragon, the Tao Tie clearly remembers. In the old days, the Nine Ancient Dragons had the absolute power of controlling everything under the heavens. In the dragon clan, no one was comparable to the Nine Ancient Dragons except for the Dragon Emperor. However, this dragon clan was not the genuine Dragon Clan even though their blood was incomparably pure and they were the descendants of the Dragon Clan. However, they were not born directly by the Dragon Emperor or within the Dragon Clan, which meant that they were all illegitimate children. Although the Nine Ancient Dragons were invincible under the heavens, they were still under the suppression of the genuine Dragon Clan.
The Dragon Emperor, who was their father, did not even help them, but suppress them by himself. He had nine sons, yet six of them were buried during the ancient times, and another three of them escaped. One of the three who had managed to escape was the Tao Tie.
The grudges in the past had never been resolved even after over hundreds and thousands of years, and was carried on until today. Undeniably, it was an indescribable predestined fate. But no one knew whether it was good or bad.
During the ancient period, the nine sons had a fierce battle with the Dragon Emperor. Many of the people from the Dragon Clan had been slaughtered by the Nine Ancient Dragons. Because of this chaos, the Dragon Emperor had no choice but to kill his nine sons in the name of justice.
The Tao Tie could never forget the Dragon Emperor’s Ancestral Dragon’s aura as he was the one who gave him life. He was not resigned to the death. Even if he needed to turn the heavens around or devour the sky, he wanted to be reborn.
The Tao Tie was incomparably dumbstruck by the pagoda as it was filled with Ancestral Dragon Qi. That was the aura of his father. He was also outraged at his own father who had given birth to him yet had not raised him up. What was the point of having a father like this? As his father wanted to kill them all, they would definitely revolt. Who managed to live until the end, would be the winner.
The Tao Tie was born to be brutal and he devoured all kinds of things. He even tried to devour the Dragon Emperor Ancestral Dragon but the Dragon Emperor managed to break his stomach and came out from it. It was Tao Tie’s nightmare forever. Currently, the terrifying Ancestral Dragon Qi made him tremble again.
The Tao Tie had just been reborn not too long ago, however it was completely out of his expectation that there was such a coincidence: Dragon Emperor Ancestral Dragon was in the Hidden Secret Realm?
“Ancestral Dragon Pagoda! Suppress it!”
Jiang Chen roared in rage while his eyes carried a light essence as he realised that the Tao Tie seemed to be frightened by his Ancestral Dragon Pagoda. The Ancestral Dragon Pagoda was effective!
“Ancestral Dragon qi might not be able to suppress me. Get up!”
The Tao Tie crashed into the universe, intending to shatter the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda. However, the Ancestral Dragon Qi spread across the entire sky and all the monsters and beasts bowed down to it. Even the Four Great Demon Kings were suppressed by the Ancestral Dragon’s mightiness.
“What a dreadful suppression. Is it a genuine, and pure descendant of the Dragon Clan?”
“When the Tao Tie appeared, he didn’t shock us to this extent. What is hiding inside the pagoda that causes such a dreadful atmosphere?”
“You’re right. This atmosphere is terrifying. It seems like it’s capable of killing me within a second.”
“I guess this is the breath of the Dragon Clan king as even Tao Tie is under its suppression. How are we going to deal with it?”
The Four Great Demon Kings looked at each other helplessly.
Sword God Xue Liang started at the Tao Tie without blinking his eyes. He could sense that the Tao Tie brought a huge threat to him, but he could not withdraw his sword. Even though he might die in the battle, he would still fight until the end.
However, when Jiang Chen casted the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda, he was astonished. Even though Jiang Chen’s cultivation realm was not as high as his, Jiang Chen really had numerous techniques and skills. At this moment, luckily Jiang Chen had been handling the Tao Tie with his utmost effort, otherwise, they would’ve all been killed.
“Jiang Chen’s able to create a miracle again.”
Liu Quanchao said in a low voice, clearly unable to calm himself down. His heart was startled and struggling. Without Jiang Chen, they would’ve all been diciminated in this Hidden Secret Realm.
“This is the aura of a supreme expert. Jiang Chen is really an extraordinary man.”
Yu Rongyan’s eyes were glowing. He had never really admired anyone like this before. Jiang Chen was the only one whom he admired. He felt that he would never reach Jiang Chen’s realm. If Jiang Chen’s cultivation realm had reached the Half-step Heavenly God Realm, he might not even be able to withstand Jiang Chen’s strike. This was the gap between them.
Everyone was well-aware that only those who witnessed Jiang Chen’s power would understand this kind of feeling. Jiang Chen’s prestige was invincible, and no one would be able to surpass him. No one would dare to challenge him.
An expert who would keep surpassing his own level. This is Jiang Chen.
Jiang Chen never expected this too. The Ancestral Dragon Pagoda had really saved him from a predicament. It had become his trump card.
“Steady, kid. I will handle the situation.”
A low and deep voice came into Jiang Chen’s mind. It sounded like an old man’s voice.
Jiang Chen was stunned for a moment, and then realised that it was the voice of the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda.
“Is this the spirit of the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda?”
Jiang Chen was shocked but immediately calmed down soon after. He always knew that the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda was extraordinary but he never knew how dreadful it really was
On the top of the pagoda, an old man wearing a green robe appeared. He looked calm and peaceful while his eyes were like torches. He carried the overbearing aura that felt like merging with the heavens and earth.
However, Jiang Chen did not know that he was the only one who could see the green-robed elder on top of the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda. The elder turned his head around and gave Jiang Chen a glance. That gaze left Jiang Chen dumbfounded as it was like he had seen that look before.
“You haven’t passed away yet.”
The Tao Tie said while staring at the green-robed elder. He was exactly the Ancestral Dragon, the first generation Dragon Emperor of the Dragon Clan, who was also his father.
“I am your father, do you really want me to die so much? My unfilial son.”
The Ancestral Dragon Emperor said faintly. He did not seem angry at all because he had always known Tao Tie’s character.
All of his nine sons were this brutal and unfilial. This was somehow relevant to their mothers who were also cruel and bad-tempered. Like mother, like son. The Ancestral Dragon Emperor deeply believed in this phrase.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2422 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2423


Chapter 2423
Devouring Own’s Mother To Thrive
“Father? Hahaha. Have I ever had a father before? You have given birth to me yet you did not raise me. You have even allowed all of your Dragon Clan people to hunt me. Is that your fatherly love? I never have any father, and I never have a mother as well because she has been devoured by me when she gave birth to me.”
The Tao Tie said while laughing madly. He opened his mouth widely as if he was going to devour the heavens and earth.
The Ancestral Dragon Emperor’s eyes looked gloomy. The Tao Tie was the first one who devoured his own mother in order to thrive for over thousands of years. He must kill a despicable bastard like this as soon as possible. However, Tao Tie was the strongest among all of his sons. The Tao Tie had even devoured quite a number of people from the Dragon Clan to make his blood become purer and purer. His blood was not too much inferior to that of the Ancestral Dragon Emperor. In the entire Dragon Clan, the Ancestral Dragon Emperor ranked number one while Tao Tie was the number-two.
“You, such a bastard should’ve died earlier. You have been tyrannical and created many troubles for the Dragon Clan. How daring you are to think about resurrecting.”
The Ancestral Dragon Emperor said in a low voice.
“You’re not qualified to judge me. If you did not go play around under the heavens, why would I be born? Do you really think that you are a man of justice? I am going to devour you who was my father in order for me to thrive. I am going to be the number-one in the entire Dragon Clan. Hahaha.”
The Tao Tie said while gritting his teeth, and then started laughing madly.
“I know that you want to resurrect as well because you are not willing to leave your Dragon Clan and your glorious position. However, you are too weak right now despite the Ancestral Dragon Qi. It is just a piece of cake for me to kill you. Haha.”
“You are still this conceited, Tao Tie. You as a bastard should have died much earlier. I shouldn’t keep you in this world as you would cause so much misfortune. Don’t forget that I am the one who gave you life. It’s not difficult for me to deal with you.”
The Tao Tie shivered slightly because of the Ancestral Dragon Emperor’s words. What he said was exactly true. When the Ancestral Dragon Emperor battled with his nine sons, everyone was shocked by the scene of how the Ancestral Dragon Emperor devastated them out of justice.
“Just try it. You are not the invincible Ancestral Dragon Emperor anymore. I am also not at the peak of my strength right now. Let’s see who is going to laugh until the end. It depends on our fortune now. You are such a fake Ancestral Dragon Emperor. In the name of justice, you have killed your own sons. What a demon you are!”
The Tao Tie roared in rage.
“The nine of you are just bastards who brought disaster to the world. It’s my duty to kill you and you guys deserved that. It’s not your fault to be born with the cruel nature, but you guys were so wrong in making your nature even more brutal. If I don’t kill you, there would be countless innocent people that would die because of you. That’s why you deserve death. Today, you won’t be able to run away.”
“Hahaha, then let’s see if you have such capability. Old bastard, no one can stop me if I want to devour the heavens and earth. I am going to see who would dare compete with me when I manage to devour the heavens and earth. I want the heavens to melt in my body.”
The Tao Tie’s voice was deafening but only Jiang Chen could hear all of these. In Sword God Xue Liang and the others’ eyes, Tao Tie was only standing still there under Ancestral Dragon Pagoda’s suppression.
“It worked! Haha, Jiang Chen successfully suppressed the Tao Tie.”
Liu Quanchao was incomparably excited.
“The Tao Tie finally is under suppression. It’s exciting. Unexpectedly, we were able to survive under Jiang Chen’s protection. It feels very good to survive through a crisis.” Xu Jin smiled and said.
However, only Sword God Xue Liang continued to look at the glowing Ancestral Dragon Pagoda silently. He realised that something was wrong as he could see that Jiang Chen’s face looked solemn.
Jiang Chen was the only one who understood that the battle was about to start. Whether the Ancestral Dragon Emperor could overcome the Tao Tie until the end was still unknown. It was too early to feel happy.
“Ancestral Dragon Emperor, hope that you don’t disappoint me.”
Jiang Chen stared at the two people who were above the heavens. Liu Quanchao and the others could not see this scene at all because the interaction was all in the soul realm that not everyone could see. Jiang Chen could see it because the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda and him were already one.
“You are only a soul that resides in the pagoda, how are you going to fight me? Devouring Roar!”
The Tao Tie opened his huge mouth, intending to devour the Ancestral Dragon Emperor and the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda together into his stomach. However, not to be outdone, the Ancestral Dragon Emperor made a few heavy strikes against the Tao Tie and pushed him backwards. The entire sky was filled with Ancestral Dragon Qi which made the Tao Tie feel pressured. Although the Ancestral Dragon Emperor was only a soul right now, his strength should not be underestimated.
“I am going to keep you in a seal! Bastard!”
The Ancestral Dragon Emperor roared while his hands formed seals. The Tao Tie was stunned and became solemn. Even if he needed to suffer severe injury, he would not choose to compromise. Once he compromised, he would be shattered completely and would then vanish from the world. It would be impossible for him to be reborn again. This was his last chance.
The Tao Tie would never give up. He would either fight at the cost of his life or get severely injured. He would definitely wrestle with the Ancestral Dragon Emperor until the end.
“Impossible. It’s impossible for you to seal me!”
The Tao Tie and the Ancestral Dragon Emperor fought fiercely using their utmost power. Everyone was shocked but the Tao Tie still stood still.
“The atmosphere is indeed quite frightening.”
Jiang Chen said in a low voice while his eyes looked incomparably cold. Who was going to win?
Jiang Chen stared at them without blinking as he was anxious.
This was the only hope for them in the Hidden Secret Realm. Jiang Chen did not know why but he was very confident in the Ancestral Dragon Emperor even though he was only a soul fighting hard against the Tao Tie. However, he was still very confident that evil would never win against justice. The Tao Tie had been an evildoer and he was also the son of the Ancestral Dragon Emperor, so Ancestral Dragon Emperor definitely would have his way to overcome the Tao Tie.
“How is heaven and earth going to exist? How would everyone be able to survive?”
Obviously, the Ancestral Dragon Emperor had made up his mind. If he did not choose to suppress the Tao Tie now, it would be extremely difficult for anyone to catch him again if he left the Hidden Secret Realm. More importantly, the Tao Tie’s strength was growing rapidly. If he kept devouring beasts and humans, his strength would continue to grow.
“It’s impossible. Old bastard!”
The Tao Tie opened his mouth wide and a terrifying spiritual strength crashed into the Ancestral Dragon Emperor fiercely. The entire sky lightened up by the radiance of the clash.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2423 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2424


Chapter 2424
Ancestral Dragon was defeated
“Did he win?”
Jiang Chen murmured. He was very worried as this battle was relevant to everyone’s life or death, he was worried about it.
“It’s impossible for you to defeat me, old codger. What are your intentions to continue staying here?”
The Tao Tie roared domineeringly loud. At that moment, the soul and shadow of the Ancestral Dragon Emperor became weaker and weaker, it even became gloomy. It was barely visible at the end.
“You’re the son of the devil.”
The Ancestral Dragon Emperor said with a bitter smile. Only his spiritual strength remained. He was completely defeated by the Tao Tie, and completely turned into a shadow and became useless. But still, even with this end, he’s thankful that he could still survive after this terrible strike. The truth, however, was that the Ancestral Dragon Emperor lost and he suffered a crushing defeat.
On the other hand, the Tao Tie was seriously wounded and he reached his limit. However, the Ancestral Dragon Emperor has lost his battle strength completely. The Tao Tie could finally be free from the fetters like a duck to water. He was going to conquer the entire world soon.
“I can’t do anything more.”
The Ancestral Dragon Emperor glanced at Jiang Chen, went inside the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda and disappeared. Jiang Chen held the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda in his hand and faced the Tao Tie again. They were defeated by Tao Tie at last. But at the moment, the Tao Tie had suffered severe injury. He was not as scary as he used to be as he had lost the strength that could destroy the world. But even so, Jiang Chen never let his guard down as the Tao Tie is still indescribably terrifying.
As the Chinese saying goes: a centipede dies but never falls down. The combat power of Tao Tie was still as shocking as before. Jiang Chen was holding the Heavenly Dragon Sword and his Sword of Solitude swept across in all directions.
Even with his heaven-shaking and earth-shattering Ancient Soaring Dragon Technique, Jiang Chen was still repulsed again and again. There was a huge difference between both of them after all.
“Who can stop me now? Hahaha.”
Tao Tie was taking over the world. He could take Jiang Chen’s life with just a deadly strike whenever he wanted.
Jiang Chen spurted out a mouthful of blood after being repulsed again. Everyone held their breath and stared silently as their last hope would be completely shattered once Jiang Chen lost.
Jiang Chen knew that the moment the Ancestral Dragon failed, the chance of winning was slim.
“Now I will show you who is the real master.”
Xuanyuan Canglan’s mouth tilted slightly upwards as he murmured.
“Brothers from different sects, everything happened because of me. I just realized how much trouble that I have caused after I released this Tao Tie. From now on, I will definitely kill it even if I die. I will make him pay the price. Wherever it comes from, wherever it goes back. I am duty-bound to fix it even if I die in this battle.”
Xuanyuan Canglan stepped out. At the moment, he gave up dealing with Jiang Chen and the Four Great Demon Kings, and aimed to fight the Tao Tie. He came prepared for this battle, obviously.
“It is never too late to mend. The man that I admire the most will never disappoint me after all.”
Qin Yumo glanced at him as she was impressed by him.
Liu Quanchao and Yu Rongyan were slightly shocked. Xuanyuan Canglan who has suddenly changed sides had made everyone slightly startled. But at the same time, Tao Tie had an absolute advantage. If he followed Tao Tie, he would definitely be the biggest beneficiary. But Xuanyuan Canglan had switched sides as he wished that he could rescue the people from the untold miseries at this critical and difficult moment.
It brought nothing but harm to him. So everyone was startled with his action. Did Xuanyuan Canglan really change? Would he pay for the mistakes that he has made previously? Was he trying to make atonement for his sins?
Jiang Chen wore a worried frown and remained dubious. He thought Xuanyuan Canglan seemed unusual. Xuanyuan Canglan changed his sides and suddenly went after Tao Tie. He was somehow insane. But he sent away all the people and he was bound to fight against Tao Tie in helping the people to get rid of the devil.
“Everything started because of me and I will definitely settle this down. This Tao Tie must die. Otherwise, we will never be able to live in peace and disasters will be spread inevitably.”
Xuanyuan Canglan has made up his mind, he was looking at Jiang Chen and Sword God Xue Liang silently.
“No matter what the reason is, all the grudges can be written off if you can help us defeat this Tao Tie together.”
Sword God Xue Liang said in a low voice. He gave Jiang Chen a profound look and turned to Xuanyuan Canglan. He had to say that because what Xuanyuan Canglan offered was tempting. Even if Jiang Chen and Sword God Xue Liang teamed up, it was still difficult to defeat Tao Tie. But the situation might become different if Xuanyuan Canglan and the other four demons teamed up and fought to the end against Tao Tie.
“Alright.”
Jiang Chen murmured. He wanted to know what Xuanyuan Canglan had got up his sleeves. At least their alliance was a major threat to Tao Tie. Otherwise, no one here could resist the anger of Tao Tie.
“I am really curious about what exactly you are planning for. But it is not too late to kill you after we defeat Tao Tie.” He thought.
He did not believe that Xuanyuan Canglan would change easily because a fox may turn gray, but it would never be kind. This guy was definitely scheming something. Forming an alliance with them might be just a plot to help him in getting rid of Tao Tie’s slavery. In other words, since his destiny was determined after he released the beast, he should be the one who understood how terrifying the beast was.
“I hope you can keep your word.”
Yu Rongyan said in a deep voice.
“Don’t let us underestimate the name of Clear Stream Sect. Your whole generation will not be ruined in your hand.” Liu Quanchao said coldly.
Xuanyuan Canglan was redeeming himself. If he could help them in defeating Tao Tie, perhaps he could still survive. Otherwise, no one could escape from Tao Tie.
“Maybe I had made a lot of mistakes previously, but I will definitely mitigate all my failures by actions. No one is willing to be someone’s slave.”
He spoke his mind and made everyone feel moved. As what Xuanyuan Canglan said was true, no one would like to be a slave.
The Tao Tie had made Xuanyuan Canglan as his slave. This was the main reason that Xuanyuan Canglan changed his sides. To escape from the slavery of Tao Tie, he was bound to fight.
But Jiang Chen did not believe that and he still remained dubious about Xuanyuan Canglan. It seemed suspicious that he turned so quickly.
Xuanyuan Canglan took the lead and spearheaded the offensive. He was trying to elbow his way for Jiang Chen and Xue Liang.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2424 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2425


Chapter 2425
Transformation of the Fusion of Dragon and Sword
“Whether it is wrong or right, true or false, let’s kill the Tao Tie first.”
Sword God Xue Liang realised Jiang Chen’s worry and said in a low voice.
Jiang Chen nodded and immediately went forward to handle the Tao Tie.
“Everyone, count the four of us, Great Demon Kings in this battle. If the Tao Tie is not killed, there wouldn’t be any peace in Hidden Secret Realm anymore. We would fall into a crisis of death as well. We have our responsibility in this battle as well.”
The Nine-head Dragon shouted. Not to be outdone, the Four Great Demon Kings immediately followed after Xuanyuan Canglan. They were not afraid of the Tao Tie at all.
“A bunch of foolish bastards. You guys are not qualified to fight me yet.”
The Tao Tie smiled coldly. Although he had been injured severely, he was not afraid of Jiang Chen and the others’ joint attack at all because even a sick camel was still stronger than a horse.
“You dare to betray me? Then I am going to let you to taste eternal torture.”
The Tao Tie’s eyes were burning while staring at Xuanyuan Canglan whom he saw as his biggest enemy.
“A mantis trying to stop a chariot. ”
The Tao Tie was very oppressive with his dreadful giant claw that covered the entire sky. Xuanyuan Canglan and the Four Great Demon Kings joined hands to counter attack, resisting the Tao Tie’s strike successfully. On the other hand, Jiang Chen and Sword God Xue Liang kept pressing against the Tao Tie together. At this moment, the Tao Tie did not dare to be reckless anymore. Sword God Xue Liang and Jiang Chen’s swords swept across the entire universe. Each of their sword strikes landed on Tao Tie’s body fiercely.
The bloody giant beast Tao Tie did not become weakened at all as he had a dreadful overbearing body.
“A bunch of trash. I am going to devour each of you.”
The Tao Tie roared and then started devouring all the clouds and mists as if he was going to devour Jiang Chen and others into his stomach. Devouring them could help him increase his strength and give him great benefits.
However, Jiang Chen, the Four Great Demon Kings, Sword God Xue Liang and Xuanyuan Canglan were not ordinary cultivators. It was impossible for the Tao Tie to devour them all together. Each of them looked extremely careful during the battle. With the Four Great Demon Kings joined hands together, their strength was formidable and comparable to Xuanyuan Canglan. However, they were still slightly weaker than Tao Tie in comparison.
“Sword shattering the void!”
“Western Sword, breaking heaven apart!”
Jiang Chen and Sword God Xue Liang’s sword shadows broke through the void. The Tao Tie roared in rage and resisted the attacks with his arms. However, he still needed to take ten steps backwards, stepping on all of the mountains and rivers around with his enormous body.
The Four Great Demon Kings and Xuanyuan Canglan followed behind them and started sending out attacks on the Tao Tie burtally. The Tao Tie was mad and he swept across the void with his fierce claw. As the Four Great Demon Kings were in the front, they were all hurt by the Tao Tie badly and were sent flying backwards. However, while they’re flying backwards, the Four Great Demon Kings took this chance and made the strongest blow against Tao Tie, fatally harming him.
Tao Tie’s enormous body was like a giant mountain when he collapsed.
Xuanyuan Canglan pierced through the sky with his halberd and the halberd chopped off Tao Tie’s arm immediately. The Tao Tie spurted out blood from his mouth badly.
“Bastard! You guys deserve death!”
The Tao Tie was furious and shocked as these humans and Demons Kings were threatening his life and safety.
“I am afraid that you won’t have this chance. Heavenly Shadow Suppress the Universe.”
Jiang Chen summoned the twelve Fire God Guards and set up the Heavenly Shadow Formation, besieging the Tao Tie inside the formation. The Tao Tie was constantly trying to break the formation while the Fire God Guards found it difficult to resist. Under the Tao Tie’s overbearing strength, the formation started cracking.
However, Sword God Xue Liang immediately took action at this moment with his sword, to pierce through Tao Tie’s chest. Meanwhile, during their clash, the Tao Tie managed to land a hit on his body. Despite being formidable, the Tao Tie’s claw strike still made him suffer severe injury.
Tao Tie immediately tried to escape yet Jiang Chen used his Heavenly Dragon Sword to send out another attack. His sword pierced through Tao Tie’s chest again, and the dragon roared in the heavens.
“Qilin Divine Arm erupts!”
Jiang Chen punched with rage. Although the Fire Qilin was incomparably weak right now, he was burning his fire essuence to boost up Jiang Chen’s Qilin Divine Arm. Therefore, the Qilin Divine Arm was still incomparably powerful. The Tao Tie was forced to take a few steps backwards under the Qilin Divine Arm’s strikes.
Tao Tie’s eyes were full of unwillingness but he was indeed badly injured by these people whom he disdained.
“I want you all to die now!”
The Tao Tie took action again with his claw. The colour of the sky changed suddenly. The Tao Tie’s target was Jiang Chen, however, Jiang Chen was prepared to resist the Tao tie. His sword pierced through the sky and Tao Tie’s claw instantly.
“This is the moment.”
Sword God Xue Liang smiled coldly. Sword shadows spread across the surroundings, turning into hundreds and thousands of sword lights falling down on the ground like feathers. The Tao Tie was repulsed once again and his body was full of wounds.
Jiang Chen and Xuanyuan Canglan took the lead together, tearing the void apart with countless sword shadows and halberd radiance. The Tao Tie kept being repulsed, withdrawing himself. At this moment, they finally saw the hope of victory.
Jiang Chen waved his Qilin Divine Arm and sent out three powerful attacks to Tao Tie’s eyes. Blood spurted out from the Tao Tie’s eyes. This was the first time Tao Tie was so embarrassed.
The Tao Tie kept roaring in rage, wanting to fight even at the cost of his life. His claws managed to catch Jiang Chen, and he then tightened his grip, trying to bring Jiang Chen to death. Jiang Chen was unable to get out of the Tao Tie’s claws, but suddenly Jiang Chen’s Heavenly Dragon Sword turned into thousands of swords, shuttling across the void like meteors. The Tao Tie’s chest and arms were completely shattered by Jiang Chen’s Heavenly Dragon Sword.
“Man and Sword merging into one…. Is this really Man and Sword merging into one?”
Jiang Chen’s eyes were glowing with essence and he managed to get out of the Tao Tie’s claw. Just now, when Jiang Chen merged with the Heavenly Dragon Sword, he had completely achieved the realm of ‘Man and Sword merged into one’ and it was even more superior than the Fusion of Dragon and Sword.
Fusion of Dragon and Sword was the perfect combination between Jiang Chen and the Heavenly Dragon Sword, whereas, ‘Man and Sword merging into one’ was even more powerful as Jiang Chen was the sword while the sword was also Jiang Chen.
Although Jiang Chen managed to defeat the Tao Tie, the others were severely injured. Jiang Chen was not an exception as the Tao Tie managed to catch him and was almost devoured. However, he managed to turn the situation around and completed his counterattack with the realm of ‘Man and Sword merging into one’. This was Jiang Chen’s highest realm and his connection with the Heavenly Dragon Sword had attained another level. Jiang Chen could sense that the Heavenly Dragon Sword’s sword spirit seems to be about to start connecting with him now.
“Now, it’s your time to die, Tao Tie. Evil will never conquer justice. You won’t be able to win against us. Hahaha.”
Xuanyuan Canglan’s eyes looked bright and said coldly. He crashed into Tao Tie and gave him the strongest strike!
Jiang Chen watched Xuanyuan Canglan silently. Did he really turn good from evil? Tao Tie finally was going to be defeated at this moment.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2425 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2426


Chapter 2426
The 70,000 years old plot
Honestly, Xuanyuan Canglan’s was very strong, he took his halberd straight from the ground and dyed the sky red. At this moment, the Tao Tie’s figure staggered and Xuanyuan Canglan wasn’t letting the pressure down. With Jiang Chen delivering a lethal injury upon the beast, Xuanyuan Canglan then hammered the final nail upon the Tao Tie’s coffin.
Roar!
The Tao Tie roared as it stomped the ground, shaking the lands of the hidden secret realm. Jiang Chen, the four great demon kings, and Sword God Xue Liang used their final ounce of energy to fly up to the sky and put the Tao Tie down to the ground. After a barrage of attacks landed upon the Tao Tie’s giant body, the beast finally fell to the ground. Then, Xuanyuan Canglan took this chance to land on top of the Tao Tie and a flash of light entered the Tao Tie’s mind.
“Tao Tie, ah Tao Tie, your soul energy is finally weakened. Hahaha, let’s see how much you’ll struggle this time. Hmph. This is called the sandpiper and clam fight against each other and the fisherman catches both.” Xuanyuan Canglan sneered secretly.
At this moment, the Tao Tie’s body was punctured by thousands of holes, blood spilling all over the place. Xuanyuan Canglan stood on top of the Tao Tie with a wave of emotion hitting his heart. Because he had planted a mark on those hundreds of Heavenly God Realm demonic beasts that the Tao Tie devoured. Those soul marks were fully integrated into Tao Tie’s body as he devoured all of those beasts. Xuanyuan Canglan willed, and a terrifying intent moved within the Tao Tie’s soul, another entity was competing to gain control of his soul.
Jiang Chen and the others breathe out a sigh of relief. The Tao Tie had finally fallen, they were finally saved. The four great demon kings and Sword God Xue Liang were heavily injured, including Jiang Chen. But the wood spirit and Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pill was able to help him, allowing him to be slightly better off compared to the others.
“What is that Xuanyuan Canglan planning?” Jiang Chen looked at Xuanyuan Canglan.
At this moment, Xuanyuan Canglan was standing on top of the Tao Tie with a serious expression as he attempted to kill the struggling Tao Tie.
“Looks like Xuanyuan Canglan is turning over a new leaf. The Tao Tie wouldn’t have fallen if it weren’t for him. We won’t be able to thoroughly put it down ourselves. ” The Nine-Headed Scaled Dragon said seriously.
Although he did some atrocities before, he managed to turn over a new leaf at the most crucial moment and join hands with them, finally putting down the Tao Tie in the end.
Xuanyuan Canglan was still a major player in this conquest, following what he had said earlier, to balance demerits with merits. Finally, everyone saw some hope in this disaster.
“There’s still hope in humanity. In the end, Xuanyuan Canglan did not disappoint us. The honour of the Clear Stream Sect is preserved.” Qin Yumo said quietly.
She still admired Xuanyuan Canglan. In the end, he joined forces with all the other experts and washed away his previous wrongdoings.
“This time, Xuanyuan Canglan became the greatest contributor in this battle. This is a joyous occasion.” Yu Rongyan said with a smile as he was able to escape from a major disaster.
Everyone felt relieved, ‘evil shall never win against good’ was true, since they had become the final winner in this battle.
Xuanyuan Canglan fought the dying Tao Tie till the very end. Everyone was gratified from this, only Jiang Chen felt somewhat unhappy about this. This fella… It feels like he’s a wolf in sheep’s clothing. Could it really be due to good intention that he finally joined us to fight against Tao Tie?
Yet, at this moment, Jiang Chen had to let go of his suspicion towards Xuanyuan Canglan. Because the result was clear, no matter what atrocities Xuanyuan Canglan had previously made, this moment was enough to balance it all.
However, the Tao Tie’s revival was also due to his action, yet, he’s also a major contributor in putting it down. Only Jiang Chen knew that the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda, the Ancestral Dragon Emperor was the true major contributor in this conquest. It was a pity that it went straight into a deep slumber after clashing against the Tao Tie. Both of them became heavily injured due to the clash.
However the Tao Tie still came out on top, it still managed to hang on until this very moment. Otherwise, without the help of the Ancestral Dragon Emperor, none of them could live through this trial of this Hidden Secret Realm.
“You… you’re trying to devour my soul?”
Tao Tie’s soul kept on roaring in anger, struggling. He could feel a terrifying evil soul intent was contesting against his soul to gain control over his body. That soul mark was hidden deep within the devoured souls, those hundreds of Heavenly God Realm demonic beasts were filled with soul marks. At this moment, all of them gathered together to form a powerful soul energy as it contested against the Tao Tie’s soul.
Now that the Tao Tie was heavily injured, it’s soul was in a weakened state. As it fought against the terrifying soul marks, two different forces of soul intent were fighting for the control of the body. Now, with Xuanyuan Canglan joining the fray, fighting together with the soul marks to fight against the Tao Tie’s control.
“How can this be? You dare place a soul mark within my mind?” the Tao Tie was filled with shock and the anger within his heart burned fiercely.
“You planted a mark in my soul?”
“Isn’t it rather too late to realise it now? Hehe, I know that you’ll be hard to control. So, I planted a mark on every Heavenly God Realm demonic beasts that you devoured. Those souls were under my control, that soul energy is not something you can control. Whereby, I can control it through my will. Hahaha.” Xuanyuan Canglan sneered with disdain.
“You bastard, you’re a f*cking animal! You have been plotting against me from the very start.”
No matter how angry the Tao Tie was, he could not change his predicament around and the soul mark became stronger under the control of Xuanyuan Canglan, suppressing his soul energy.
“You’re right. Otherwise, why would I serve you for 70,000 years? Ten reincarnations, ten lives worth of cultivation, all for the sake of prolonging your life, aren’t you a little too naive? You should know the reason for me serving you for 70,000 years. It’s your power, your strength, I long for that strength! With that power, I can truly become a God Emperor, the 70,000 years will not be in vain. However, the effort I put into those years were excruciating. Today, I can finally be rid of you and take over you as the Tao Tie. Hahaha.”
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2426 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2427


Chapter 2427
Who can stand against it?
“I have to say… I have definitely underestimated you, I thought you’d be very weak since you’ve just revived. I would’ve devoured you at that very moment, but little did I know that you’d remain powerful even after so many years. It would’ve been hard for me to devour you if it wasn’t for that fella’s pagoda. You can only blame your own arrogance. You may have been powerful in the past and arrogant, but this is not your era anymore. I shall devour you and become stronger, becoming a true humanoid Tao Tie.” Xuanyuan Canglan said coldly.
Who could understand the blood, sweat and tears that he had put forth for the last 70,000 years? Xuanyuan Canglan cultivated all those years and gave it all to the Tao Tie. Whereby Tao Tie taught him a special technique that allowed him to reincarnate with his memories and soul intact, this allowed him to become a supreme prodigy for those 70,000 years.
Xuanyuan Canglan had planned this 70,000 years ago, because he knew that it was extremely hard to attain the emperor realm. This Tao Tie was his biggest chance in reaching it. How could he miss this golden opportunity?
All those humiliation, sadness and loneliness erupted at this moment. Xuanyuan Canglan instantly engulfed Tao Tie’s tattered and weakened soul with his terrifying soul energy. The beast’s soul was extremely weak, otherwise, Xuanyuan Canglan wouldn’t have a chance to devour him.
“Puny, despicable humans! I curse all of you to die a dog’s death! I cannot accept this! I cannot! I, Tao Tie, who has reigned supreme for so long, and to think that I’ll fall into the hands of such a scheming and despicable human! I cannot accept this! ” The Tao Tie’s angry roar slowly vanished into the depths of his soul.
Xuanyuan Canglan stood tall after completely devouring the Tao Tie’s soul. At this moment, he was the Tao Tie and the Tao Tie was him!
No matter how unwilling, how powerful the Tao Tie was, at this moment, his soul perished into nothingness.
Xuanyuan Canglan’s heart was filled with shock. When his soul entered the Tao Tie, he finally knew that Tao Tie had only used 0.001% of its strength when he was at its peak. A realm that he had never known nor understood before! It was possible for him to reach the emperor realm now!
“Such a powerful devouring force! Such powerful strength! In the future, Xuanyuan Canglan, this name shall reach all the corners of the Divine World!”
Xuanyuan Canglan raised his arm and clenched his fist. His soul was finally fused with the Tao Tie’s body and had completely devoured its soul. However, this process was extremely complicated.
Xuanyuan Canglan had become the Tao Tie.
“Look? Xuanyuan Canglan is devoured by the Tao Tie?!” Liu Quanchao shouted in surprise.
At this moment, everyone was caught by surprise. Nobody thought that the Tao Tie could devour Xuanyuan Canglan at the end of the battle, including Jiang Chen.
“Did the Tao Tie save a portion of its strength? intentionally trying to act that it was weakened? Xuanyuan Canglan got devoured, just like that?”
At this moment, everyone became solemn, because they couldn’t believe what had happened, they refused to believe it. Xuanyuan Canglan was devoured by the beast.
“Xuanyuan Canglan!” Qin Yumo’s eyes reddened.
She admired Xuanyuan Canglan deeply. Now that he had become food for the Tao Tie, she was greatly shocked.
Xuanyuan Canglan was extremely excited. At this moment, he is the Tao Tie and the Tao Tie is him. Their souls were currently intertwining between each other, him and the Tao Tie, trying to fuse and merge together, it needed some time for this process to complete. Yet, Xuanyuan Canglan’s soul energy instantly rose exponentially, reaching the level of the Peak Divine King Realm.
Its soul energy could easily win against everyone on-site.
“Hahaha, this is the strength, the energy that I have dreamt of. I want this heaven to bow down to me. Today, everyone here shall die!” the Tao Tie’s voice reverberated through the sky.
But they did not know that it was Xuanyuan Canglan that had devoured the Tao Tie’s soul. The 70,000 years scheme for the body of the mighty Tao Tie.
Jiang Chen’s expression changed. Even though it was the Tao Tie’s voice, that manner of speaking was similar to Xuanyuan Canglan. Plus, he felt that something was amiss between the Tao Tie and this guy.
“You’re not the Tao Tie, you’re Xuanyuan Canglan.” Jiang Chen said, even though he was just guessing.
“You’re right, there won’t be a problem for me to tell you guys. The Tao Tie is now under my control. Xuanyuan Canglan is Tao Tie, and the Tao Tie is Xuanyuan Canglan. Hahaha. Now, you all must die after knowing the truth, only I alone shall walk out of this realm alive.”
Everybody’s jaws dropped as they watched this unbelievable scene. Is he really Xuanyuan Canglan? That’s a giant Tao Tie, a genuine beast. But what connection is there between Xuanyuan Canglan and the Tao Tie?
“This is unbelievable! He is the Tao Tie? Then, where is Xuanyuan Canglan, didn’t the Tao Tie eat him?” Xu Jin’s face became pale. Everything was beyond his imagination.
“Am I hallucinating? Xuanyuan Canglan, how can this be? How can he fuse with the Tao Tie?” Qin Yumo’s mental state finally crumbled.
Her image of Xuanyuan Canglan crumbled. The prodigy that she admired was a despicable schemer.
“Tao Tie, Xuanyuan Canglan, heh… ” Yu Rongyan said with bitterness.
So what can he do about it? Now that their lives were within someone’s grasp. Jiang Chen and the four great demon kings were heavily injured, who could go against the Tao Tie now?
“He must have prepared for this for a very long time, otherwise, he wouldn’t have ‘helped’ us. If my guess is right, he wanted to control the Tao Tie, but it wasn’t easy, hence he needed us to suppress it, only then he could take that chance to control it.”
“This is truly surprising, but the shock came afterwards. Xuanyuan Canglan is still the terrifying Grand Guardian of the Clear Stream Sect.” Sword God Xue Liang smiled indifferently. One could not guess whether it was calmness or he was just acting calm.
“You’re right. Pretty smart. But it’s a pity that all of you shall die today. Jiang Chen, I shall devour you and get the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda from you. You’re not worthy of it.” Xuanyuan Canglan said.
His voice gave a heavy blow on each of their hearts because they were once again faced with death, back to where they started. The Tao Tie is dead, but Xuanyuan Canglan was still alive and even became the owner of the Tao Tie, a mighty beast.
“Looks like we’ll have to make sure that we kill the Tao Tie this time. However, it’s too powerful, how can we stand against it? Did the Heavens want the billions of spiritual beasts within this Hidden Secret Realm to go extinct?” the Nine-Headed Scaled Dragon sighed.
Xuanyuan Canglan once again reigned supreme, who can stop him? Every one of them was heavily injured, who can stand up against him?
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2427 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2428


Chapter 2428
Only the will to fight
“You really have an ulterior motive, such a great scheme.” Jiang Chen said with cold eyes.
At this moment, the only fighting force left was him, Xue Liang was also injured and he had no idea whether Xue Liang was still in a fighting condition.
At this moment, Jiang Chen was carrying too much responsibility. He needs to fight till the end, the lives of the people here will be forfeited if he loses. Although, for him, this wouldn’t be his fault, he’ll still regret it nonetheless.
“I will devour all of you and increase my power. Hahaha!” declared Xuanyuan Canglan.
Xuanyuan Canglan suddenly moved and grabbed the remaining demonic beasts that were under his control and put it into his giant mouth, and he started munching on them. Even though the beast’s body was injured, it gained some strength back after Xuanyuan Canglan’s soul fused with it.
“You’ll have to get through me first.”
Jiang Chen moved forward at the frontmost position, and faced the munching Tao Tie. At that moment, his heart was calm. It doesn’t matter if he wins or loses, he’ll put his all into this battle.
“I will assist you.” Sword God Xue Liang said indifferently as he looked at Jiang Chen solemnly.
He couldn’t return to his peak strength anymore. He could only assist Jiang Chen and reduce some pressure for him.
“Impudent fools, you shall be my first meal. My strength will certainly rise after I get my hands on that pagoda. Nobody will be able to stop me after that! Haha.” Xuanyuan Canglan arrogantly said, looking down on Jiang Chen and co.
Jiang Chen and co. had become lesser beings, like ants, for him.
“I never thought that you’re such a despicable person! We’ve been cheated, thinking that you’ve turned over a new leaf. A fox may turn grey, but never kind!” Liu Quanchao said while gritting his teeth.
“Now that things have progressed into this, we have no choice but to put our faith in Jiang Chen and Xue Liang. Although I am not one to put my own lives into the hands of others.” Xu Jin said with a bitter laugh. The helplessness, sadness that was hitting him was beyond words.
“Jiang Chen, die!” Xuanyuan Canglan said.
He then leapt towards Jiang Chen, like a giant mountain falling towards his target, he then threw out his sharp claw towards his target, not allowing Jiang Chen to run away. A ten li radius was flattened from his attack, cracks appeared on the earth, the earth shook and rumbled.
Jiang Chen managed to retreat. As he became more proficient with the Heavenly Dragon Sword , a connection was established between him and the sword.
The sword suddenly expanded into a hundred zhang and clashed upon the claws of Tao Tie. Jiang Chen was pushed back a dozen li and his body felt the pressure from the counterforce of the impact. The difference between their physical body was too big.
Jiang Chen’s grip was broken and blood flowed from the impact. The blood within his body began to boil, the force from the impact was more than he expected. Sword God Xue Liang quickly reacted and launched a dozen or so slashes toward the Tao Tie but no visible damage could be seen, only sword marks.
“Trying to fight me? Only death awaits you. ” Xuanyuan Canglan harrumphed.
He then tackled Sword God Xue Liang with brute force and simultaneously tried to munch him down. Luckily, Jiang Chen managed to stop him by using his giant blade. Jiang Chen then kept on attacking the beast but was pushed back every single time. With the Heavenly Dragon Sword on one hand and the Qilin Divine Arm on the other, Jiang Chen was utilising every ounce of his strength, yet he was still far too weak.
Yet, by constantly battling and taking in the spiritual water, Jiang Chen was on the verge of breaking through.
“Sword of Solitude, void breaker!”
His blade changed into a meteor light and flew towards the Tao Tie, cutting through the void in its way. A giant bang could be heard as it reached the target. The Tao Tie staggered a few steps back, causing the earth to shake. It roared in anger and then he tackled Jiang Chen once again.
“Five Elements Battle Dragon Seal!
“True Dragon Palm!”
Jiang Chen kept throwing out attacks one after another. Those attacks could even threaten a Heavenly God, yet it couldn’t do anything against the Tao Tie.
“You can never defeat me,” the Tao Tie said.
The Tao Tie flew towards the sky and thunder rumbled, the whole mountain range was suddenly pressured by an invisible force.
“Haha, such a rowdy event, how could you leave me out? Jiang Chen, allow me to join!”
Along with a loud laugh reverberating in the sky, a blue figure appeared and immediately tackled Tao Tie with a long sword but was thrown backwards a dozen li, yet managed to stay energetic.
“Wang Chongyang!” Jiang Chen’s lips curved into a smile.
This fella, who has gone missing for such a long time, finally showed his true strength. Jiang Chen knew that this fella was special, Wang Chongyang probably went through some special trial and got something out of it as he had reached the Half-Step Heavenly God Realm. Jiang Chen became slightly relieved as he wasn’t fighting this battle alone.
“It’s him!” Liu Quanchao frowned.
He suddenly remembered that a humble-looking disciple from the Profound Feng Sect when they first entered the realm. He was but an Early True God at that point, but now, he managed to achieve such exponential growth. He must have had great luck during his journey within this realm.
“After going missing for so long, he’s most probably surpassed us all.” Liu Quanchao smiled bitterly.
He was pretty strong, compared to the other Half-Step Heavenly Gods but he’s weaker compared to Wang Chongyang.
“Hahaha, let us face a common enemy in today’s battle. I have no regrets even if I die fighting. If I live to see another day, you and I shall have a toast together. Hahaha.” Wang Chongyang pointed his sword towards Jiang Chen and emitted a terrifying battle intent.
He was a genuine battle junky. At this moment, only battle intent burns within his heart after seeing Jiang Chen once again.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2428 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2429


A man who is a hero before and after death
“Alright, I can’t wait for that day to come.” Jiang Chen slightly smiled.
This fella has grown by leaps and bounds. Our odds are getting good. 
“Another fearless one appeared? Even if you manage to avoid this conflict, you won’t be able to leave the Hidden Secret Realm anyway. It’s great that you’re here, the stronger the better, by devouring all of you, my strength shall become stronger than ever! Haha.” Xuanyuan Canglan sneered.
He was looking down on everyone. Another sacrifice has presented himself, just another pest that’ll die together with Jiang Chen. 
“Let’s see whether you have what it takes.” Wang Chongyang smiled as he looked at Jiang Chen.
Jiang Chen was at the Mid True God Realm, but the strength he could exert was something that Wang Chongyang couldn’t even compare to. Hence, he hoped that he could spar with him in the future.
Wang Chongyang was one of the best amongst his peers but he lost to Jiang Chen, and took that defeat to heart. Although it did not affect his path of cultivation, it became more intense than ever, and made him continue growing, reaching unimaginable heights. Only then did he achieve his current strength, through luck and persistence.
Jiang Chen was still Wang Chongyang’s number one target, he must surpass him.
“Let us fight together, let’s see how much you’ve grown.” Jiang Chen said.
Both of them looked at each other and flew towards the clouds. A powerful Qi burst forth. Wang Chongyang has returned more powerful than ever, he could now stand side by side with Jiang Chen to face this powerful foe.
“Sword of Exorcism, this is the divine blade that I’ve recently comprehended. You shall be its first victim.” Wang Chongyang launched himself forward, reaching and surpassing the peak!
It was a black long sword, filled with devilish qi. Wang Chongyang launched a fury of lethal strikes, attacking the beast with Jiang Chen’s Heavenly Dragon Sword; it managed to stop the first wave of the Tao Tie’s attack.
Hup! 
Wang Chongyang’s blade emitted black light while Jiang Chen’s emitted golden light. Both of them intertwined and formed a sword net that covered the whole area. The Tao Tie roared and faced the attack fearlessly; he tackled the net with his four sharp claws and shredded it into pieces. He then used his two powerful claws to push the duo back, shocking everyone in the process once again.
Jiang Chen coughed out blood and his expression became slightly pale. Wang Chongyang was the same. The duo’s combined strength was unable to put down the Tao Tie.
“Who can stop me? No one can stop me even if I want to devour the Heavens!” Xuanyuan Canglan was getting more arrogant by the second.
Wang Chongyang and Jiang Chen looked at each other. They now chose not to fight the beast head-on and look for an opportunity to strike. Wang Chongyang now understood how powerful the Tao Tie was, not even their combined strength could do anything against it.
“A great man should live his life as a hero and die as a hero.” Jiang Chen looked straight at the Tao Tie and said coldly.
“Agreed. We will have to try or else there won’t be a chance for us. Let’s fight to our last breath! Hahaha,” Wang Chongyang said.
He was fearless, he wasn’t afraid of death. The dominance of the way of the sword. Jiang Chen valued that attitude greatly and he was also shocked by Wang Chongyang’s exponential growth.
“All of you don’t have a chance. Only death and the creeping cold before death awaits you,” the Tao Tie advanced towards the duo.
The two retreated.
Jiang Chen’s defensive formation managed to defend against the first wave of attack but could not withstand the second wave, and the formation shattered. He then flew backwards due to the force of the impact, the stress he felt increased. Wang Chongyang was treading with caution but was unable to land any effective strikes. The situation was dreadful for them as the Tao Tie overwhelmed them.
“Looks like I may have belittled this fella.” Wang Chongyang said quietly.
The duo’s attack became stronger, but the Tao Tie was always one-upping them. Wang Chongyang was once again pushed back. He looked distressed as he coughed out a large amount of blood, half of his meridians shattered. He was extremely lucky to have avoided that last claw-swipe, otherwise it would’ve been lethal.
Jiang Chen’s clash between the beast was extremely dangerous too. Jiang Chen used his powerful blade and the Qilin Divine Arm to fight against the beast, but has no clear result. His pressure was getting heavier as Wang Chongyang could no longer fight anymore.
“Now, only you remain. Pretty good, but there’s still no chance for you.”
The Tao Tie’s giant claw swiped through the air and created a windblade, cutting straight towards Jiang Chen. The latter retreated but the Heavenly Dragon Battle Armour was destroyed along the way.
“Ancient Soaring Dragon Technique, Soaring Dragon Change!”
Jiang Chen’s strength has reached his limit. Hence, he was burning his lifeforce at this moment, he had used the soaring dragon technique before, and he took several Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pills and his wood spirit recovery just to barely recover his strength. Now, Jiang Chen once again used the mighty Ancient Soaring Dragon Technique and the Sword of Solitude.
“Wouldn’t the result be the same? Hehehe. ” Xuanyuan Canglan sneered as he laughed against the fangs of Jiang Chen with disdain.
“Devour everything! For I shall reign supreme!” the Tao Tie’s powerful suction force began to suck everything into its giant mouth.
Jiang Chen was pushed to the corner and he launched his blade and cut through the void.
“Dawn Sky Golden Lightning, Lightning Tribulation, descend!”
Jiang Chen used everything he had. The Dawn Sky Golden Lightning appeared once again and struck upon the Tao Tie. A terrifying lightning energy coarsed through the beast’s body, forcing him to stagger a few steps back. However, he was able to withstood the electric energy and pounced on Jiang Chen.
“I’ll kill you even if I’m going to get severely wounded!” Xuanyuan Canglan’s hatred towards Jiang Chen has reached its peak.
The Tao Tie pounced towards Jiang Chen mightier than ever.
At this moment, two figures came flying from the sky as they stopped the Tao Tie’s attack. But both of them flew backwards as they couldn’t withstood the attack.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2429 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2430


Such a grand amount of resource
Jiang Chen’s eyes squinted and swiftly nabbed the two figures. However, the two girls were injured. Xuanyuan Canglan’s previous attack was aimed to kill Jiang Chen, but the girls managed to stop it with everything they had. Jiang Chen became depressed from this, how could he let the two girls take such a hit for him? He would never do nor ask for such a thing.
Those two were Xue Qianying and Ling Long.
The duo looked at each other silently. Jiang Chen laughed bitterly but was grateful towards them.
“Many thanks.” Jiang Chen said, he did not know what to do next, however.
This benevolence could not be repaid as they took the hit for him with their lives on the line.
“No need!”
Xue Qianying and Ling Long said in unison. They then jumped towards the Tao Tie. Although they were both Half-Step Heavenly God experts, they could not harm the Tao Tie, and were pushed back by Tao Tie in a distressed manner, instead.
Jiang Chen acted once again and caught the two girls.
“Leave it to me, girls should not come to the front line. It’s not the ladies turn yet before the guys are thoroughly dead.”
The girls were stunned by Jiang Chen’s words, and were slightly angered but they did not go against him, no one knew what they were thinking about.
“Ling Long!” Liu Quanchao shouted.
He was passionately devoted to Ling Long. However, he was already on his last legs, and couldn’t fight anymore, but Ling Long wasn’t in great shape too, as she suffered the Tao Tie’s attack head-on. It was a miracle that she’s alive.
“To cower behind women. Hahaha, this is truly an eye-opener. Jiang Chen, let me witness how many more women are you going to hide from.” Xuanyuan Canglan sneered with disdain.
“From now on, there’s no need.” Jiang Chen said indifferently.
He felt that his strength has once again reached its peak, just a single step to reach the Late True God Realm.
“Now that it’s come to this, I refuse to believe that you have any cards left to withstand my power.” Xuanyuan Canglan said coldly.
He was getting impatient, he wanted to devour everyone here as soon as possible, to further enhance his strength.
“You will never have that chance, as long as I’m still alive.” Jiang Chen’s eyes turned cold.
Even Xuanyuan Canglan felt a chill. Could this fella still have cards up his sleeve? 
“Jiang Chen… may probably lose… we don’t have any cards to play anymore.” Xu Jin said dispiritedly.
Jiang Chen did everything he could. No matter if it was Sword God Xue Liang or Jiang Chen, they used everything they had, yet nothing changed. The Tao Tie was too powerful and they fell into Xuanyuan Canglan’s plot, he was the one who benefited the most after the Tao Tie’s defeat.
“To be a hero both in life and death. Jiang Chen, I am proud of you.” Yu Rongyan said in a cold manner. There’s nothing to be afraid of once death is imminent.
“Haha, us four great demon kings acknowledge him wholeheartedly, there are not many people who we accept wholeheartedly, but Jiang Chen is one of them. The Fire Qilin, a proud being, even willingly served under him, such a person shall die in a grand manner.” The Nine-Headed Scaled Dragon said while laughing madly.
Accept the result as one could not change it anymore. They will all die after Jiang Chen is defeated, getting devoured by the Tao Tie.
“Jiang Chen, prepare to die, you can only blame yourself for being born in this era. Hahaha.”
Xuanyuan Canglan’s laugh reverberated in Jiang Chen’s ears. Jiang Chen was calm. At this moment, he wanted to bet everything he had, he did not know whether he could win but he needed to put everything on the line.
“The Heavenly Dragon Sword as the medium, Ghost Prison Ashura Sword Formation! Rise!” Jiang Chen roared.
With the Heavenly Dragon Sword as the medium, hundreds of divine blades flew up and filled the skies, all of them were Peak Divine Tools, in addition to two Heavenly Divine Tools, the Storm Hammer and Meteor Hammer. A powerful whirlpool of energy was forming.
108 Peak Divine Tools, such power… it was indescribable. With the Heavenly Dragon Sword as the eye of the formation, it managed to control the 108 Peak Divine Tools with no problem.
Terrifying astral wind blades were created, Jiang Chen stood on his trusted blade as the heart of the formation, the Ghost Prison Ashura Sword Formation was formed. At this moment, Xuanyuan Canglan’s expression became solemn, because the formation was too terrifying.
“That… those… are 108 Peak Divine Tools, this is unbelievable!”
Gasp! 
Everyone gasped and their expression changed drastically. Jiang Chen’s sword formation spread throughout the area, completely surrounding the Tao Tie.
“Two Peak Heavenly Divine Tool, 108 Peak Divine Tool and an extraordinary Heavenly Dragon Sword. This fella, to control such a powerful sword formation, can he even handle it?” Sword God Xue Liang murmured.
He was worried about Jiang Chen, whether his soul energy could sustain the formation. Even in his prime, he may not be able to withstand this sword formation head-on. Thousands and thousands of sword qi was formed within the formation, the sword formation was unpredictable from within. It was truly majestic and powerful, like the ruler of the world has descended upon them.
Moreover, Jiang Chen was also somewhat afraid of this sword formation. However, his current soul energy was enough to support this Little Ashura Sword Formation. His soul energy was even greater than those Heavenly God Realm experts, not even Sword God Xue Liang could be his match.
“This formation is extremely grand and powerful. Could a Mid True God really activate such a formation?”  said Qin Yumo
Even though Qin Yumo doesn’t like Jiang Chen, he had to admit that Jiang Chen was really powerful, and this formation… not even a Heavenly God Realm expert could take it head-on.
“Such a powerful formation, I feel that this sword formation could devastate a whole battlefield.” Yu Rongyan said.
Witnessing such a powerful formation, their heart was once again lit with the flames of hope.
“This fella always has some surprises up  his sleeves.” Xue Qianying murmured.
Jiang Chen wasn’t terrifying because of how strong he was, but the amount of cards he could pull out from his sleeve, it felt like it was endless and each was always unique. His resourcefulness and trump cards were truly terrifying.
“Wow, such a grand amount of resources, 108 Peak Divine Tools, not even the top sect of the Linhe Boundary has that much.” Wang Chongyang said in awe. Jiang Chen, you’re always full of surprises, who could’ve imagined? 
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2430 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2431


Chapter 2431
Dreadful Spiritual Strength
One would be satisfied enough to get one of the 108 supreme Divine Tools. However, the one hundred and eight Divine Tools were only vassals to Jiang Chen’s Heavenly Dragon Sword.
Xuanyuan Canglan looked solemn while staring at the dreadful Ghost Prison Ashura Sword Formation. He was extremely pressured as the dreadful sword formation was created with one hundred and eight pieces of supreme Divine Tools, in addition to two pieces of Heavenly Divine Tools. One was the dreadful Heavenly Dragon Sword which came with an irresistible mightiness. At the moment, Heavenly Dragon Sword was extremely lively and worked well with the one hundred and eight pieces of Divine Swords.
“I don’t believe that your sword formation would be able to withstand me.”
Xuanyuan Canglan snorted coldly while his eyes looked extremely overbearing. He knew how dreadful the Tao Tie was before, so he believed that this sword formation was nothing compared to his current body.
Jiang Chen curled up his mouth slightly. Since you want to try, I am going to fulfill your wish.
Jiang Chen only used part of his strength in his Little Ashura Sword Formation and that had already tortured Fire Qilin very much. Now the Little Ashura Sword Formation was in its highest realm. Although it was not as dreadful as the true sword formation, it was enough to sweep across everything under heaven.
In the Little Ashura Sword Formation, the Heavenly Dragon Sword was full of overbearing radiance. Sword God Xue Liang was startled because he had the deepest understanding of swords. Like Jiang Chen, he was also a dreadful swordsman. He couldn’t really identify Heavenly Dragon Sword’s grade but he strongly sensed its dreadfulness.
Was it an Origin Divine Tool? Or a Prima Origins Treasure? Xue Liang did not dare to simply make a guess. At least, he knew that the Heavenly Dragon Sword definitely had surpassed the Heavenly Divine Tool grade and it was a treasure that even Divine Kings or Hierarchs would be jealous of. Heavenly Dragon Sword’s mightiness was fully displayed in the Little Ashura Sword Formation.
The hundreds and thousands of sword rays were like brutal dragons crashing against the Tao Tie’s body. All of the Divine Tools were under the Heavenly Dragon Sword’s control and the sword was controlled by Jiang Chen. The Heavenly Dragon Sword transformed into a dreadful ancient giant dragon and crushed into the Tao Tie. The scene was terrifying and everyone there was frightened. They could not help but really admire Jiang Chen.
“I am invincible!”
Xuanyuan Canglan’s roar shattered the sky. The Tao Tie’s giant body that carried dreadful battle strength hit on the Little Ashura Sword Formation fiercely. The Heavenly Dragon Sword that transformed into an ancient giant dragon came into collision with the Tao Tie. Tao Tie’s body was repulsed badly and fell onto the ground. Hundred and thousand sword rays directly pierced through Tao Tie’s body.
The Tao Tie was defeated severely this time and he finally felt the threat of death. Dreadful sword rays once again shuttered through the void and hit the Tao Tie. Xuanyuan Canglan finally felt that he was under dreadful threat right now as he and the Tao Tie had been sharing one body.
“No one could surpass Tao Tie’s mightiness!”
Tao Tie soared into the universe to break the sword formation apart, however, his body was extremely weak at the moment. The Little Ashura Sword Formation was reformed again. Jiang Chen’s breath also became very weak at the moment because casting the formation had used up too much of his strength. The strength the formation used was even much more than casting the Ancient Soaring Dragon Technique.
However, in doing so, the Little Ashura Sword Formation managed to display its most terrifying strength to defeat the Tao Tie. The Sword Formation released a dreadful aura that swept across in all directions.
Bang…
As soon as Tao Tie’s body fell down on the ground slowly, Jiang Chen kneeled down on the ground with one of his knees, he was almost out of breath. His eyes were filled with relief, seeing that the Tao Tie was finally defeated.
Everyone was stunned because they somehow found it unimaginable. Jiang Chen managed to defeat the Tao Tie with his own strength. It’s all of his glory, who could claim it except Jiang Chen?
“Jiang Chen, good job! Hahaha”
“We are saved. Tao Tie has died and he could not create any disaster to the world anymore.”
“Jiang Chen would be my faith forever.”
Everyone was filled with admiration and respect to Jiang Chen. Jiang Chen deserved all these admiration with his own strength.
“Jiang Chen, you really deserve my hard work. I am going to take a deep rest now.”
The Fire Qilin’s voice echoed in Jiang Chen’s mind, then Fire Qilin entered the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda immediately.
“You have completed your task.”
Jiang Chen showed a smile as he finally was relieved. Tao Tie had died and the Hidden Secret Realm was finally back to its initial state.
“It’s too early to be happy. Humph.”
When everyone was happy with the ending, suddenly a voice echoed in the void. That was Xuanyuan Canglan’s voice.
“Haven’t you died?”
Jiang Chen raised his head immediately. Tao Tie’s body had fallen down yet Xuanyuan Canglan still appeared in front of Jiang Chen.
“It’s not that easy. Hehe.”
Xuanyuan Canglan’s body and Tao Tie’s body had been in one, yet right now Xuanyuan Canglan was still able to appear in front of Jiang Chen. He was in the state of soul, instead of body.
“What a pity. You’re not a human but also not a ghost now. You can only stay in the state of soul.”
Jiang Chen said coldly.
“Hehe. It’s because my body is weak now. Once I recover, I can turn into Tao Tie or my original body interchangeably. Although Tao Tie was defeated, I, Xuanyuan Canglan, am still standing here. Your sword formation was dreadful but it was impossible to eliminate my soul. I am going to show you how true spiritual strength looks like.”
Xuanyuan Canglan said with a cold smile.
“Spiritual strength. What a terrifying aura. I feel like I am being trapped by a soul.”
“Me too. Why is Xuanyuan Canglan’ spiritual strength so strong?”
“He must have absorbed Tao Tie’s spiritual strength. That is why he became so formidable. It’s terrifying. I feel like running out of breath.”
“Bastard. Why is it so hard to kill Xuanyuan Canglan?”
Liu Quanchao and others were incredibly furious as they had fallen into hell from heaven for many times already and each time Jiang Chen saved them. Would he be able to overcome Xuanyuan Canglan again this time? Xuanyuan Canglan’s spiritual strength completely surpassed his normal strength. It had covered up the area within thousands miles and no one was able to escape from this dreadful spiritual strength’s control.
“What a dreadful spiritual strength.”
Jiang Chen murmured.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2431 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2432


Myriad Spiritual Creatures and the Strength of Faith
“Although you’re powerful, I am still going to kill you with my spiritual strength. You won’t be able to get rid of me. The Tao Tie’s spiritual strength was all absorbed by me, and my spiritual strength has already reached the Divine King realm. My spiritual strength can even be used as an attack now. Let me see how you are going to conquer my spiritual strength. Haha.”
Xuanyuan Canglan was very confident. The Spiritual Strength of a Divine King sounded so terrifying. There might not even be any existences like that in the entire Linhe Boundary. Being at the peak of the Divine King Realm was considered as an unparalleled expert already. Moreover, it was extremely difficult to advance the spiritual realm. Some of the experts might have very formidable combat strength but their spiritual realm might not be as powerful. That was why their cultivation realm was limited. The stronger the cultivators, the harder it would be for them to advance their spiritual strength.
“Let’s try, then. Let’s see who is going to smile until the end. In terms of combat technique, I might not be as great as you. However, if you are going to devour me with your spiritual strength, I will not give up so easily.”
Jiang Chen smiled coldly. Suddenly, an overbearing spiritual strength swept across in all directions, pressing against Xuanyuan Canglan. Jiang Chen’s spiritual strength had also already reached the Divine King Realm, unexpectedly.
“How could this be possible? You’re only a Mid True God, but you already have a Divine King’s spiritual strength.”
Xuanyuan Canglan’s eyes were filled with shock. The term ‘monstrous’ was not enough to describe Jiang Chen. Everyone was drumstruck and they could not express their shock with words at all.
“My spiritual strength is very powerful, that’s why I never even dared to use it. Since you are that ignorant, I am going to use it to fight you. Hahaha.”
Jiang Chen laughed loudly. Although his spiritual strength was very powerful, he had never dared to simply use it. Otherwise, there would be many chasing after him to kill him. He would be seen as monstrous if he demonstrated such a dreadful spiritual strength. He knew that many experts would put a bounty on his head.
“Okay, I am going to see how you are going to fight me. I have obtained the Tao Tie’s spiritual strength and my soul could even devour others’ souls. Although we both have Divine King Realm spiritual strength, it’s impossible for you to conquer me.”
Xuanyuan Canglan was still very confident. Jiang Chen had a very limited cultivation realm, however now was the best time for him to display his spiritual strength.
“Spiritual Devour! I am going to devour the heavens!”
With his formidable spiritual strength, Xuanyuan Canglan smashed the void and was ready to devour Jiang Chen’s soul.
“Buddhism’s light shines upon the world. Great Soul Derivation Technique!”
Jiang Chen casted the Great Soul Derivation Technique at this moment. The two of them were wrestling against each other. It’s hard to say whether Xuanyuan Canglan’s devouring strength or Jiang Chen’s Great Soul Derivation Technique was superior.
After the battle went on terrifyingly for a while, it seemed like Xuanyuan Canglan had the upper hand. The Tao Tie’s nature of devouring souls has always been unique throughout the ages. He was able to devour everything, including souls and bodies, and turn them into nourishment for increasing his own strength.
“Such power, this Great Soul Derivation Technique. But I am going to devour all of the souls here and see how you are going to fight me.”
Xuanyuan Canglan could not hold it anymore. He immediately looked at the hundreds and thousands of broken souls in the Burying Soul Mountain. Once he devoured all of the souls here, he would definitely become even more powerful than Jiang Chen soon.
“All of these would be my nourishment. Hahaha. They are going to help me break through to the Divine King Realm. Once my spiritual realm advances, my combat strength would definitely become even more powerful.”
Xuanyuan Canglan was incomparably excited. At this moment, he kept devouring those souls unceasingly. Sword God Xue Liang and the others’ souls were all under Xuanyuan Canglan’s suppression. They lost all of  their strength to counter attack.
Jiang Chen frowned. Countless souls had been devoured by Xuanyuan Canglan and he had turned all of them into nourishment. If this continued, Jiang Chen would soon be defeated.
“Jiang Chen, you don’t deserve to fight me! I am going to be an emperor in the future.”
Xuanyuan Canglan’s pride was overbearing, and he disdained the world.
Jiang Chen suddenly had an idea and he closed his eyes slightly. At this moment, he felt that there were weak souls helping him strengthen his own spiritual strength. It was nothing related to devouring, but was a connection. It was a connection between him and that soul. Although those souls were weak, there were hundreds and thousands of them. Once all of them combined together, they would become an enormous spiritual strength. Moreover, these spiritual strengths carried the strength of faith!
“Why did it become like this?”
Jiang Chen found it unbelievable while looking at those souls that came and combined into his soul. He was truly astonished.
“With my broken body, my soul goes back to the void. With my faith, I am going to give you a hand as you are the saviour who will eliminate evil and restore justice to the world.”
Jiang Chen looked at the spiritual strength combining into his soul by themselves. He was deeply moved because all of these souls were the souls he released from the Great Yu Soul Forming Light in the past. All of these souls were willing to go back to the void and help him break through his spiritual strength realm. They even came with the strength of faith which helped him absorb those hundreds and thousands of souls faster.
It’s not only their souls but also their prayer and faith. Jiang Chen had already helped them get rid of the suffering by being trapped in the Great Yu Soul Forming Light. However, they were all going to be devoured by the Tao Tie soon at this critical moment. That’s why they chose to contribute themselves to Jiang Chen’s advancement. These were the strength of faith that helped Jiang Chen’s spiritual strength advance dreadfully. More importantly, they left no negative effects on Jiang Chen at all as they were all turned into Jiang Chen’s strength willingly.
“Why? Why did it become like this?”
Xuanyuan Canglan’s face was initially filled with a smile, but now he was terrified because Jiang Chen’s spiritual strength was increasing faster than his. Moreover, it was not a smooth process for him to devour the souls as all of these souls looked ferocious and they were filled with hatred towards him. These were very toxic to his soul as they would become the inner demons in his heart in the end.
“Myriad spiritual creatures, Great Souls Return.”
Jiang Chen closed his eyes tightly and a tear rolled down from the corner of his eyes. The spiritual creatures sacrificed for his glory. He had once saved these souls but now all of them had fulfilled his wish.
Kindness begets kindness.
Everything happens for a reason.
Suddenly, Jiang Chen opened his eyes and a dreadful spiritual strength covered up the entire Hidden Secret Realm within a few seconds. Everything, including the plants and animals, seemed all under his control. The feeling he had now was coincidentally similar to his experience of breaking the No Beginning Formation. However, it seemed even more realistic this time as he could sense everyone’s emotion now.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2432 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2433


Chapter 2433
We Would Be Brothers Again in The Next Life
While his spiritual strength was advancing unceasingly, Jiang Chen’s battle strength became stronger and stronger. The terrifying spiritual strength covered up the entire Hidden Secret Realm, and completely overcame Xuanyuan Canglan who was already finding it hard to breathe right now.
“My Great Soul Derivation Technique has become more powerful now.”
Even Jiang Chen did not expect that his spiritual strength would become this powerful after those myriad creatures sacrificed themselves for him with their strength of faith.
Hundreds and thousands of souls were all combined into one, and formed an enormous power to Jiang Chen. Now, his spiritual strength had reached the peak of the Divine King Realm. However, as the spiritual strength still kept on pouring into his body like waves, Jiang Chen’s spiritual strength finally stopped at the peak of Hierarch Realm. It was a great step, from Divine King Realm to the Hierarch Realm.
Jiang Chen was well aware that he might not be able to afford the amount of spiritual strength needed to reach the Divine Emperor Realm right now. All of the spiritual strength from the myriad of creatures were very formidable as they were the essence of their souls.
The strength of faith had helped Jiang Chen achieve great advancement in his strength. Although his spiritual strength was only at the peak of Hierarch Realm, he obtained great potential right now with the empowerment of the strength of faith. Only a true ancient Hierarch who was an unparalleled, and well-respected emperor could possess the strength of faith. However, Jiang Chen already managed to reach the Hierarch Realm with the myriad spirits’ strength of faith.
“I am going to eliminate you! Your soul is filthy as you have devoured your own mother and intend to kill your own father. Your heart is full of slaughtering and devouring. You shall cease to exist in this world.”
Jiang Chen’s eyes gave out an extraordinary radiance as his spiritual advancement made him invincible now. It was just a piece of cake for him to eliminate Xuanyuan Canglan.
With the strength of faith, Jiang Chen felt that he could simply take down the stars and moon, and devastate the heavens and earth. However, this strength of faith was only available in the Hidden Secret Realm. When his spiritual strength stopped combining with the souls, the strength of faith would abate as well. However, killing Xuanyuan Canglan would be just a piece of cake now for Jiang Chen.
Although Xuanyuan Canglan also kept devouring the broken souls unceasingly, he was still unable to surpass Jiang Chen’s realm. Jiang Chen had become invincible with the additional spiritual strength and the strength of faith. Even though Xuanyuan Canglan used up all of his strength to devour hundreds and thousands of souls, he was still under Jiang Chen’s suppression.
“I won’t yield. Not at all!”
Xuanyuan Canglan roared loudly to let off some steam. Why did Jiang Chen manage to obtain the strength of faith from the myriad spirits? Why were those souls willing to become his slave? This was not devour but genuine combination.
Jiang Chen was like an invincible Divine King, stepping on the void . His palm spread across the sky while Xuanyuan Canglan was under great suppression. He kneeled down on the ground with both knees, and his eyes were incomparably bloody.
“Since you have become the Tao Tie, then you have already passed away. Even if you are still alive, you are only a walking dead.”
Jiang Chen stared at Xuanyuan Canglan without blinking. He was not going to show any mercy this time. He must get rid of Xuanyuan Canglan, otherwise he would rise again in the future, like how a fire would be ignited again on the field with wind.
“Great Soul Derivation Technique, shatter him!”
Jiang Chen moved his huge palm, and strikes poured down from the heavens fiercely. Xuanyuan Canglan kneeled on the ground and blood spurted out from his mouth madly. His eyes were full of unwillingness and regret.
“Jiang Chen, spare him some mercy!”
Tang Zhen stepped out and approached Xuanyuan Canglan. He resisted Jiang Chen’s spiritual palm, looking extremely pale because Jiang Chen’s spiritual palm was too powerful.
Xuanyuan Canglan and Tang Zhen were both in great pain right now. Jiang Chen’s dreadfulness made Xuanyuan Canglan suffer and feel desperate, but Tang Zhen’s arrival somehow rekindled Xuanyuan Canglan’s hope and fighting spirit.
“Why are you here?”
Jiang Chen took a deep breath and his eyes looked cold. However, he could not continue his attack anymore because he would kill Tang Zhen along if he continued.
Jiang Chen was hesitant for a second yet he still chose to stop his strike otherwise he could not imagine the consequence.
“I am sorry, Jiang Chen.”
Tang Zhen said while looking at Jiang Chen and his heart was filled with bitterness.
“Don’t say sorry to me. Xuanyuan Canglan deserves this but you’re different from him. Don’t let me look down upon you.”
Jiang Chen said coldly.
“No matter how, he is still my eldest brother. I, Tang Zhen, have never begged anyone before. But now, I beg you to spare my brother’s life.”
Tang Zhen knew his request was very ridiculous to Jiang Chen because Xuanyuan Canglan had killed so many people before. However, they had been brothers for many years so Tang Zhen still begged Jiang Chen for his brother.
Jiang Chen took a deep breath and shook his head lightly.
“If this is only our grudge, I might still consider it. However, do you know how many people he has killed? Do you know how many innocent beasts were sacrificed because of him? He made the myriad of spiritual creatures die for him. If I let him go today, how am I going to handle those innocent beasts’ condemnations? Who’s going to forgive me?”
Jiang Chen sighed because it’s not him who was unwilling. The hundreds and thousands of creatures were unwilling.
Tang Zhen kept silent because he knew that Xuanyuan Canglan’s crime was unforgivable. What he had done had irritated both humans and gods. Who would help him say something now? Nevertheless, they had been brothers for many years, so Tang Zhen could not be indifferent.
Tang Zhen turned his head around and looked at Xuanyuan Canglan who was dying.
“Don’t beg him, brother. This happened because of me. Even if I have to die, I will fight until the end.”
“Brother…”
Tang Zhen’s eyes were filled with tears. Although a man should not shed tears easily, how could he look at his brother being killed by Jiang Chen and not do anything? On the other side, Jiang Chen was also his friend. They only met each other and fought their enemy together once, but they both actually appreciated each other very much.
“What’s the point of begging him? Even if I die, I will fight until the end.”
Jiang Chen gave Xuanyuan Canglan a glance.
“I am sorry, Tang Zhen. I must kill him today.”
Jiang Chen said firmly.
Tang Zhen smiled and nodded. He decided to give up a friend.
“We will be brothers again in the next life. Today, I am going to fight with my brother.”
Tang Zhen’s eyes were filled with battle spirit which made Jiang Chen feel sad. What could he do since things had already come to this stage.
His determination was as unshakable as Tang Zhen’s decision.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2433 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2434


Chapter 2434
Hate the Heaven that Took Away 70,000 Years of Mine
Tang Zhen really appreciated Jiang Chen as a friend, however, he also understood that Jiang Chen and his brother Xuanyuan Canglan were totally two different characters.
Why could he not understand his brother Xuanyuan Canglan? However, Tang Zhen couldn’t just watch and do anything as he was his own brother. When it came to life-and-death battles, he could only choose to stand by “Alright! We will be brothers again in the next life.”
Jiang Chen looked at Tang Zhen, and they exchanged a glance. He knew that Tang Zhen could not leave Xuanyuan Canglan here without doing anything, however, he would also need to help the myriad of spirits to fulfill their unfinished wish. He couldn’t just do nothing and put himself out of this incident. He also couldn’t just let Xuanyuan Canglan leave here, otherwise, he would have regretted it forever.
Tang Zhen knew that today’s battle would be inevitable. The battle had already started when he decided to cut off his friendship with Jiang Chen.
Xuanyuan Canglan’s side.
Jiang Chen and Tang Zhen both knew that none of them could avoid this battle. Since they decided to start the battle, they were going to put their utmost effort in it. This was a way to show each other respect and also a promise. They would be brothers again in the next life.
“Let’s start.”
Jiang Chen looked at Tang Zhen. Even if Tang Zhen and Xuanyuan Canglan joined hands together, they would not have any chance because Jiang Chen’s strength had surpassed everyone now.
Tang Zhen looked cold as he took action, pressing against Jiang Chen. Not to be outdone, Xuanyuan Canglan used everything he had to confront Jiang Chen.
Jiang Chen frowned as he held the Heavenly Dragon Sword tightly. However, when he was about to send an attack against the both of them, something shocking suddenly happened. Xuanyuan Canglan suddenly directed his strike to Tang Zhen. It was completely out of Tang Zhen and Jiang Chen’s expectation.
“Jiang Chen, I must leave alive here today, otherwise, I will kill him. Since you value your brotherhood so much, spare me a life. If not, I am going to kill Tang Zhen.”
Xuanyuan Canglan said coldly. His long halberd was threatening Tang Zhen’s neck and Tang Zhen had no chance to resist at all.
Tang Zhen took a deep breath and remained silent, meanwhile Jiang Chen’s eyes became sharp.
“This is the brother you have respected so much. This is the brother you decided to protect with your life. Tang Zhen, you have made a wrong decision.’
Jiang Chen’s word made Tang Zhen look a bit gloomy but he remained silent. Even though he might have made a wrong decision, he was still firm about his decision. Although Xuanyuan Canglan was not merciful towards him, he would still show mercy to Xuanyuan Canglan because Xuanyuan Canglan was his brother by blood.
“I am afraid that we have no fate to become brothers anymore in this life. We are going to enjoy drinks and have fun in the next life. Hahaha.”
Tang Zhen laughed out loud but he was extremely desolate and bitter. However, he was not regretful at all because he had come to know Jiang chen. Although Xuanyuan Canglan betrayed him, he was still glad to die for Jiang Chen.
Tang Zhen crashed himself into the helberd to commit suicide. He was worried that Jiang Chen would succumb to Xuanyuan Canglan’s threat. How was he going to live with dignity if that really happened? Tang Zhen was not afraid of death but he was afraid of dying for nothing. He was afraid of losing his own dignity in the face of death.
Jiang Chen had already known that Tang Zhen might choose to commit suicide, so he made a strike to deflect Xuanyuan Canglan’s helberd. As soon as Xuanyuan Canglan’s halberd fell from his hand, Tang Zhen was repulsed, falling down on the void.
Looking at Tang Zhen who intended to seek death, Jiang Chen was heartbroken.
“Brother, I hope that we won’t be enemies in the next life. I have tried to do my best.”
Tang Zhen smiled and turned around, looking at Xuanyuan Canglan. Xuanyuan Canglan was stunned for a second but immediately withdrew himself because this was his last chance. If he hesitated, Jiang Chen would have the opportunity to kill him.
“Tang Zhen!”
Jiang Chen roared in rage. At the moment, Tang Zhen exploded his own body, and still looked merciful before he died. This had made Jiang Chen feel incomparably depressed.
“You’re a lunatic.”
Jiang Chen squinted his eyes, which were already filled with blood, but Xuanyuan Canglan had already escaped.
“You are the one who pushed Tang Zhen to death. I am going to deal with you next time, Jiang Chen.”
Xuanyuan Canglan’s dreadful voice echoed in the void before becoming weaker and weaker.
“I hate the heavens that took away 70,000 years of mine! When the Tao Tie and I truly become one, you will be buried in death. Jiang Chen, I will not let you go!”
Xuanyuan Canglan’s voice slowly disappeared in the void. Jiang Chen’s heart felt like stopping as he looked at Tang Zhen who took his last breath in the void. He found himself somehow responsible for Tang Zhen’s death, Jiang Chen would not deny this. Moreover, Xuanyuan Canglan took this chance to escape. Jiang Chen was quite guilty. Undeniably, Tang Zhen was one of the people who showed the greatest mercy to his brother that Jiang Chen had ever met in his life. Perhaps death was the best ending he could have.
Jiang Chen understood Tang Zhen’s feelings. He had no dignity to face Jiang Chen and also Xuanyuan Canglan who had a heart of stone. If he did not choose to die, he would always live in guilt and shame his entire life.
As soon as Tang Zhen passed away, he did not leave any memory or even a shred of soul here as his soul was shattered. He had completely disappeared between the heavens and earth.
“Have a good next life.”
Jiang Chen said faintly.
At this moment, a purple ray broke through the sky, and the entire Burying Soul Mountain looked extremely gloomy. It’s quiet and it was like the last day of the world. Suddenly, Jiang Chen raised up his head and realized that Liu Quanchao, Zhang Lei, Xu Jin, Yu Rongyan, Qin Yumo, the Four Great Demon Kings and even Sword God Xue Liang were looking at him with doubt. They saw Jiang Chen as if he was their biggest enemy.
Jiang Chen was confused. Why would they look at me like this? Their eyes were filled with hatred and killing intent
Ling Long and Xue Qianying showed the same look as well but they were also struggling as if they were not willing to look at Jiang Chen.
“You’re a killing demon, Jiang Chen. How many people have you killed? Do you really want all of us to die?”
Yu Rongyan roared with rage while his eyes turned bloody red.
“Jiang Chen, you’re a killer. When are you going to let go all of the disciples in Linhe Boundary?”
Liu Quanchao stared at Jiang Chen and said fiercely.
“I never expected that you have killed so many people. Jiang Chen, seems like you are the greatest demon.”
Xu Jin said.
Sword God Xue Liang and Wang Chongyang looked at Jiang Chen, remaining silent.
“What are you guys saying?”
Jiang Chen shouted. All of them looked at Jiang Chen with anger and killing intent, and they seemed about to kill him soon.
“We are going to kill you and take revenge for all of those people. Are you still trying to pretend? You have killed so many human experts in the Burying Soul Mountain. You have irritated both humans and gods. Even if you can walk out of the Hidden Secret Realm alive, no one will forgive you,” Qin Yumo said coldly.
Everyone was blaming Jiang Chen now!
At this moment, Xuanyuan Canglan’s face was overflowing with a cunning smile:
“You’re too green to fight me. If I can’t kill you, that doesn’t mean others can’t. Since you are so powerful, then you should face everyone’s challenge.”
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2434 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2435


Chapter 2435
A Worrying Situation
Jiang Chen frowned. He had never expected all of these people whom he tried to save at the cost of his life would turn against him right now. If they were him, they would find this hard to accept as well.
Jiang Chen could not help but smile bitterly in his heart. However, he suddenly realised that all of their eyes were filled with brutality and they seemed soulless.
“Is it because of the purple ray just now?”
Jiang Chen wondered, but the purple ray was indeed incredibly strange.
“Brother Yang? Brother Man?”
Jiang Chen called Yang Jian and Man Shuai out from the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda. They were shocked. After they looked at Liu Quanchao and the others who showed their ferocious side, they were confused.
“What happened? Why would they target you?”
Yang Jian found this unbelievable and he was startled by this scene.
“Yea, why? Don’t they know that everyone would have died without you?” Man Shuai said angrily.
They managed to escape the misfortune as they were inside the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda. The others would have already died. It was Jiang Chen who rescued them from Xuanyuan Canglan’s hand, but now they were about to go against Jiang Chen.
“Yang Jian, Man Shuai, what are you doing? Hurry up. Jiang Chen is indeed a killer, don’t you know he has killed everyone here? Many genius disciples of different sects were all killed by Jiang Chen, don’t you understand?”
Liu Quanchao shouted.
Yang Jian and Man Shuai looked at Jiang Chen bitterly. No one expected things happened to this point.
“Their souls are under someone’s control right now. Or I should say that they have forgotten that I have saved them. Their memory only remembers that I am the one who killed everyone.”
Jiang Chen said with a low voice. It’s definitely because of the purple ray that had controlled everyone’s soul.
“Must be Xuanyuan Canglan who played the tricks. This guy has inherited Tao Tie’s memory and technique. I think I have underestimated him!”
Jiang Chen thought. He had let Xuanyuan Canglan escape and he did not know what he would do again this time. He was afraid that Xuanyuan Canglan had started doing evil things outside now.
“Jiang Chen. What should we do now? You should explain to us.”
Yang Jian asked.
“We are running out of time now. Leave here as soon as possible. I don’t want to kill anyone.”
Jiang Chen shook his head. After looking at Liu Quanchao and the others, he realised that these people are undergoing recovery in terms of their strength. If they joined hands together to attack him, he would be in a very dangerous situation. Currently, his injury was also quite severe. If he did not use his spiritual strength to overcome Xuanyuan Canglan, the winner would be unknown.
Jiang Chen felt that the dragon marks on his body had increased countably. With the combination of myriad spiritual creatures’ souls, his cultivation realm might break through again very soon.
“Xuanyuan Canglan shouldn’t have escaped from your grasp. Moreover, he has not died yet, if he gathers all these people to attack you, your situation will be very dangerous.”
Man Shuai said with a low voice while his words showed his worry.
“Jiang Chen, I never expected that you are such a despicable man. Everyone, go and kill this monster. Otherwise, we are letting a tiger back to the mountain.”
Liu Quanchao took the initiative and crashed into Jiang Chen. Jiang Chen frowned because these people had been completely blinded by Xuanyuan Canglan. Their souls and memory had been altered by Xuanyuan Canglan with some heavenly-defying techniques. He might not have such a formidable technique by himself but he must have gotten it from Tao Tie.
In the face of everyone’s attack, Jiang Chen looked incomparably solemn. He carried Yang Jian and Man Shuai away, and then immediately fled away. With the current situation, it would be futile to explain to these people.
After running for a hundred thousand miles, Jiang Chen finally got rid of Liu Quanchao and the others’ chase. However, Jiang Chen did not feel good about the future.
Although Yang Jian and Man Shuai were not blinded by Xuanyuan Canglan, how were they going to help him? It would not be easy for Jiang Chen to solve this trouble.
“I am going to spend some time cultivating my realm. I feel that I am going to break through soon.”
Jiang Chen said.
“Haha. You’re so dreadful. A Mid True God managed to trick the Heavenly God Realm beasts. We will never achieve this level.”
Yang Jian smiled and shook his head. Jiang Chen’s strength was undeniably powerful. If Jiang Chen did not appear when they faced the crisis, they would have been killed much earlier in Hidden Secret Realm.
“You’re right. We have the same cultivation realm yet very different battle strength. I feel really ashamed.”
Man Shuai said innocently, however, he knew that he could not compare himself to Jiang Chen at all.
“My strength is only like this. It won’t be easy for me to stand tall in the whole Divine World. I have to achieve at least the Divine King Realm in order to have some influence here, otherwise, I am afraid that there would be many who would be bullied and even killed in the Linhe Boundary.”
Jiang Chen shook his head and smiled. Yang Jian and Man Shuai knew that there was a huge gap between Jiang Chen and them. He was destined to be extraordinary. However, they had no regrets in their lifetime anymore as they have a brother like Jiang Chen.
Jiang Chen felt that the number of dragon marks on his body had come to an unprecedented number right now. The battle experiences and the myriad spiritual souls had brought him great benefits and enabled him to experience the transformation. He was going to break through soon.
Currently, the Fire Qilin was taking a deep rest while Red Lotus, who was almost eliminated by Tao Tie, was also taking a rest as well. Even the soul of the Ancestral Dragon Emperor also fell into a deep slumber now. Jiang Chen knew the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda was the place where Ancestral Dragon Emperor’s soul rested. However, he did not know what kind of relationship the Emperor had with Ancestral Dragon Pagoda. He would know almost everything once the Ancestral Dragon Emperor woke up again.
Jiang Chen could not rely on anyone right now, he could only rely on himself. That was why he needed to advance his cultivation realm desperately right now.
Jiang Chen casted dragon transformation skill and the number of dragon marks on his body kept increasing. They increased in the hundreds and thousands. The number of dragon marks on his body had reached 2.9 million now but it had not ceased increasing yet. It would almost reach 3 million soon.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2435 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2436


Chapter 2436
The target of scorn
“Erupt! Dragon Transformation Art!” Jiang Chen roared internally as he continued to gulp down the spiritual water.
The Dragon Transformation Art was undergoing a great change. In the end, the number of dragon marks stopped at 3,090,000. Jiang Chen’s strength has already reached the peak of the True God Realm. He wanted to push through and reach the Half-Step Heavenly God Realm, however, he knew that he needed to solidify his foundation, because a weak foundation may be detrimental to his future.
Those who rush things shall never reach one’s goal.
The peak of True God Realm. Jiang Chen threw out a punch, a different level of force was created, his power had once again reached another level. He’s like a wild horse.
Now that his strength has grown exponentially, he had faith that he could even fight on-par against an Early Heavenly God expert with the help of the Dragon Transformation!
After that, he thought about the Nine Stars Heavenly Tribulation Lightning. The Nine Stars Heavenly Tribulation Lightning and Dawn Sky Golden Lightning were both Heavenly Lightnings, one that could devastate the earth. He wanted to merge those two lightnings together. It was a bold and exciting idea. If those two lightnings could be merged… the power it could produce would surely be unimaginable.
Jiang Chen tried again and again, even after failure after failure. He did not give up. After a few thousand failures, he finally felt slightly discouraged. He could feel that both lightning were rejecting one another, but as they were both Heavenly Lightnings if he managed to fuse them, the power would be tremendous. However, if this were anyone else, they wouldn’t have dared to attempt this feat because one would surely receive a backlash from the failures, Jiang Chen had received more than a hundred backlashes and all of those were life threatening situations. However, he firmly believed that he could one day fuse them together.
In the end, Jiang Chen failed to fuse them together. But he had never given up the thought of fusing them, as failure is but a process to success, as long as there’s hope, he shall never give up.
In this period of time, Jiang Chen repaired the Heavenly Dragon Battle Armour. With the help of the Nine Stars Heavenly Tribulation Lightning and Dawn Sky Golden Lightning, the battle armour was sturdier than ever. Even though the Profound Heavenly Armour was shattered in battle, he was still able to repair it. As this armour was for active defense and the Heavenly Dragon Battle Armour provided passive defensive capabilities. Now, not even Peak Divine Kings or Hierarch experts could shatter his Heavenly Dragon Battle Armour anymore.
When Jiang Chen came out from the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda, a year had already passed. He can now finally leave this god forsaken place, the Hidden Secret Realm. He sighed a little, as countless people had fallen in this place. For experts, this place was a great place of trial, to temper and improve one’s strength. But for the weaker ones, this was but a grave.
“10,000 men but now only less than a thousand remained.” Jiang Chen sighed.
But this was the cruelness of reality, some people did not enter the vicinity of the Burying Soul Mountain and were exempted from the chaos. Of course, they did not know what had happened. But at this moment, hundreds of people were gathered, waiting to exit this god forsaken place.
“Did you guys hear? That Jiang Chen fella killed a bunch of disciples from other sects, with extreme cruelty, there are at least 500 of them who had fallen under his hands.”
“Are you shitting me? This always happened every time, but none dare to be so blatant about it.”
“Yeah. This Jiang Chen, it looks like he’s a cruel executioner. Looks like he’s going to be public enemy No. 1.”
“Hear hear. No matter how great you are within this Hidden Secret Realm, you will still have to get out from this place. Those people from the great sects will certainly not let this go.”
“I heard that the people from the Ghost Eye Sect and Divine Pill Sect were all killed by Jiang Chen. Even the people of Clear Stream Sect were also included. That fella is surely a demon king.”
Countless people were discussing about Jiang Chen, he had certainly become famous. His heart became solemn, because he’ll have to face quite a number of people after leaving this place.
800+ people were walking towards the soon-to-be opened gateway; most of them were discussing Jiang Chen, and each and every one of them felt disgusted towards him. At this moment, Xuanyuan Canglan appeared.
“This time, we’re lucky to have Senior Xuanyuan, otherwise, that executioner Jiang Chen may have taken the souls of even more disciples.”
“Yeah, I heard that Senior Xuanyuan almost died trying to stop Jiang Chen. That fella is terrifyingly powerful, truly absurd.”
“Ain’t that right. Don’t let me see him, otherwise, I will not let him go.”
“Senior Xuanyuan is magnanimous. This time, he contributed the most in this trial.”
Yang Jian and Man Shuai’s expressions became ugly as they heard the numerous people praising that bastard. Only the two of them knew that Jiang Chen is innocent. It was all a plot of that bastard, but what can they do about it? Now, Jiang Chen has become the public enemy no. 1.
In the end, everyone knew that Jiang Chen had massacred countless experts from different sects. Most importantly, Clear Stream Sect, Ghost Eye Sect and Divine Pill Sect, the three great sects!
The casualties of the other participating sects were all ‘contributed’ to Jiang Chen as well.
“Damned Xuanyuan Canglan, looks like you’re one hell of a scheming bastard. Trying to push me to the pits of hell.” Jiang Chen thought.
Yang Jian and Man Shuai stood beside Jiang Chen, however the others chose to stay away from him.
“Hahaha, the gates of the Hidden Secret Realm is finally going to reopen.”
Old Ancestor Di Long looked at the giant gate and laughed. Even though the trial was cruel each and every time, those that managed to come out were undoubtedly experts and shall become the pillars of the Linhe Boundary in the future.
“Yeah. I too cannot wait anymore. I think Ling Long and Liu Quanchao could make it. I hope that they’ll lead more of their brothers and sisters out from the realm.” Ren Yuanzi said solemnly.
“Haha, Zhang Lei shall surely not disappoint us. That kid is very mature and calculative. I bet he’ll surely come out from that place alive. ” Old Ancestor Di Long said.
Mu Tianen and Xuan Qingming weren’t as optimistic as Old Ancestor Di Long and Ren Yuanzi. Profound Feng Sect was annihilated the last time. However, Xuan Qingming was a little hopeful as Jiang Chen was present this time. Yet, he could not stay calm before seeing him, plus, Pan Hong and Yang Jian were one of their best too. Profound Feng Sect was slightly confident this time!
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2436 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2437


Chapter 2437
Not just Xuan Qingming and Mu Tianen, other sect’s elders and sect lords were wearing a solemn expression due to the extremely high elimination rate of the trial. Ten thousand disciples have entered and it’ll be lucky if there were 800-1000 of them that came out.
Even so, most of the sects hoped that their own prodigies would come out from the place alive. Then, it’ll bring honour toward their sect and further strengthen their sect. Even though the chances were low, they’re willing to take the bet.
In this one year, all the sect’s elders and lords were depressed. They wore a heavy heart, after all an extra survivor from their own sect signifies an increase in honor for their sect.
“I wonder how many people from my White Sun Sect will come out this time.”
“Yeah. I am pretty nervous too… what if… what if… haih, not even one of them comes out. I don’t even know how I’ll be able to return to my sect.”
“There’s nothing you can do about it. Those who manage to come out are fated to shine.”
“I too came out from that bloody place, those who have not entered the place will never know the terror of that hell.”
Countless people were discussing with one another, because they were worried about their prodigies, whether they’ll become a shining gem and traverse the path of success or not.
For the disciples, it was a life and death trial; for the seniors, it was a trial for their hearts.
“Look, the Young Lord of the Frozen Ice Sect, Han Bingling, is out.”
Someone shouted, and then the Sect Lord of the Frozen Ice Sect rushed towards his son while crying in happiness as he was his hope.
“The Shadowless Sect, those two are from the Shadowless Sect!”
“The Shadowless Duo, both of them managed to come out, unbelievable. Both of them reached the Half-Step Heavenly God Realm. Pretty scary.”
“Liu Quanchao and Ling Long of the Heavenly Star Sect, they’re out too. The top ten sects, the number one of the Heavenly, Earthly, Profound and Yellow sect, only two of them came out?”
Ren Yuanzi squinted his eyes and saw both of them. Their aura was stable, this meant that their strength had improved and their eyes were sharp as a blade.
“Congratulations, Ren Yuanzi, your Heavenly Star Sect came prepared. Haha.” Old Ancestor Di Long said with a smile. But he was internally worried. Zhang Lei, that kid… where is he?
“Only two of them, this is slightly disappointing. Last time, four of them managed to come out from that place.” Ren Yuanzi sighed.
But he was internally happy, at least two of their peerless prodigies managed to come out unscathed, four came out last time but two of their prodigies fell in the realm. Although strength was one of the factors of surviving that place, that’s not all, only those who knew how to survive could truly become an expert.
“Zhang Lei, Zhang Lei came out, Earthly Hades Sect’s Zhang Lei.”
A sharp guy saw Zhang Lei. Old Ancestor Di Long finally breathed out a sigh of relief.
“Haha, great, great lad.” Old Ancestor Di Long patted Zhang Lei’s shoulder and said.
“Grand Guardian of the Clear Stream Sect, that’s Xuanyuan Canglan, it’s him but why is he the only one?”
Somebody shouted in surprise. Only Xuanyuan Canglan alone came out. At that moment, everyone became restless. The trio always stuck together, now that only he came out, this meant that the other two had fallen.
Meng Fanpeng stepped forward towards Xuanyuan Canglan. At that moment, countless other sect members wore a solemn expression. If the two could not come out alive, what about the others? Ghost Eye Sect’s monster, Li Zongheng, the genius of the Divine Pill Sect, Lang Ya, and Zhu Mingyang of the Overlord Sect?
“What happened? Wu Rufeng and Tang Zhen, where are they? They…”
Meng Fanpeng looked at Xuanyuan Canglan as he asked in a serious demeanour.
Xuanyuan Canglan said with an ugly expression:
“Second Brother and Third Brother were killed by Jiang Chen.”
“What?!”
Meng Fanpeng, the elder of the Clear Stream Sect, one of the most prestigious and powerful individuals amongst the other sects, was shocked. At this moment, his face became cold, everyone heard what Xuanyuan said, Wu Rufeng and Tang Zhen were killed by the same person, how could they not be shocked?
“Jiang Chen? Who is Jiang Chen?”
“Jiang Chen of the Profound Feng Sect? I heard of him during the auction. He was pretty chic then. Not even the experts of the Divine Pill Sect are his match.”
“Could it be that Jiang Chen? It’s my first time hearing this name. Not even the trio of the Clear Stream Sect is his match? Is this a dark horse from the Hidden Secret Realm?”
“Probably… Jiang Chen’s name shall reach the whole Linhe Boundary. But I bet that the Profound Feng Sect will be implicated by Jiang Chen. The Profound Feng Sect will never be peaceful.”
Everyone was curious who this Jiang Chen was. How powerful was he to kill two of the grand guardians?
“Li Zongheng, Li Yan, Lang Ya, Li Yanchao, and Zhu Mingyang, all died under the hands of Jiang Chen.”
Everyone’s blood became pumped and were in an uproar from Xuanyuan Canglan’s words.
Everyone became extremely solemn. Especially Liu Yang of the Overlord Sect, Yang Chengzi of the Divine Pill Sect and Li Tianhuo of the Ghost Eye Sect, all of whom looked at Xuanyuan Canglan.
“Boy, are your words the truth? Why did this Jiang Chen kill so many people? Does he possess the capability to do so?” Liu Yang said with shock.
“Xu Jin here reporting to Elder Liu that it is true, Jiang Chen killed Zhu Mingyang. This bad blood must be paid!” Xu Jin said.
Jiang Chen had become public enemy no. 1!
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2437 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2438


Chapter 2438
Unable to escape even with wings
“Li Zongheng and Li Yan are strong, I know that very well. This Jiang Chen, is he that powerful?”
However, those words came from Xuanyuan Canglan, and Xu Jin from the Overlord Sect.
“Jiang Chen, if it’s really you, you’ll not die a peaceful death!” Jiang Chengzi gritted his teeth.
Lang Ya and Li Yanchao were the Divine Pill Sect’s once in a hundred years alchemist prodigies. Especially Lang Ya, he was a candidate for the Sect Lord position. But to think that he had fallen in the Hidden Secret Realm, it was truly unbelievable.
“Jiang Chen, that’s Jiang Chen! He finally came out.”
Everyone’s eyes lit up the moment Jiang Chen emerged. Some of them were waiting for the fun that may ensue, some were in rage, as Xuanyuan claimed that Jiang Chen had killed so many prodigies.
Jiang Chen looked around, most of them were looking at him. At this moment, he knew that he had become the target of everyone. But he had to stand up to it.
Yang Jian and Man Shuai looked at Jiang Chen.
“Rest assured, Jiang Chen. We will stand by your side until the end.”
“We know that you’re innocent. We’re not afraid.”
Jiang Chen smiled. At this moment, Sect Lord Xuan Qingming looked at Jiang Chen solemnly. Ren Yuanzi, Mu Tianen and Old Ancestor Di Long also approached them.
“Jiang Chen, did you kill the disciples of the other sects?” Xuan Qingming looked at Jiang Chen with fiery eyes.
Jiang Chen shook his head and said:
“No.”
Xuan Qingming saw the clear eyes of Jiang Chen. He chose to believe him, that Jiang Chen was innocent. As to why Xuanyuan Canglan wanted to frame Jiang Chen… that was unknown.
“Jiang Chen, are you trying to act when it has already come to this? You dare say that you didn’t kill Li Zongheng? Li Yan? Lang Ya and Li Yanchao?! Zhu Mingyang?!” Liu Quanchao sneered with disdain.
Jiang Chen did not blame him, because Xuanyuan had used a forbidden technique to plant a soul mark within the depths of their soul that caused everyone to think of him as an executioner, a heartless and cruel executioner.
“Yeah, everyone knows that you’re the damned one who had killed countless people.” Overlord Sect’s Xu Jin said.
“Jiang Chen had killed countless experts within the realm. While the others hunted demonic beasts, he hunted the prodigies of the other sects. This cannot be forgiven!” Qin Yumo looked at Jiang Chen angrily.
They all tried to attack Jiang Chen to kill him.
“You’re right, I would like to see how long you are going to feign ignorance, are you going to run now? Now that hundreds of experts from different sects are here, how are you going to run.” Yu Rongyan sneered.
Thousands of sect lords and elders had surrounded Jiang Chen.
“Nonsense! You’ve all been tricked by Xuanyuan Canglan! Jiang Chen never killed them. It was all Xuanyuan Canglan’s scheme. He wants all of you to deal with Jiang Chen, to eliminate him for his sake.” Yang Jian shouted angrily, only he and Man Shuai stood beside Jiang Chen.
However, Jiang Chen had already become the public enemy, only the two of them stood beside Jiang Chen. Moreover, they were both from the same sect and their words were not persuasive enough.
“Haha, this is a joke, do you think a word from you could change the fact? You’re from the same sect.” Xuanyuan Canglan sneered.
“Jiang Chen, tell me, did you kill my second and third brother? Li Zongheng, Li Yan, Lang Ya and Li Yanchao, did you kill them?” Xuanyuan Canglan looked at Jiang Chen.
Jiang Chen also looked back at Xuanyuan Canglan. Only the both of them knew that this was a farce, but it has already reached the stage where Jiang Chen could die at any moment. Now, it would be impossible for him to just run away, Xuanyuan Canglan, the evil-doer was the first to frame him.
Ghost Eye Sect’s Li Tianhuo looked at Jiang Chen, the strength of a Peak Heavenly God engulfing Jiang Chen.
“Jiang Chen, I ask you, my sons, Li Zongheng and Li Yan, did you kill them?”
“And my Lang Ya?” Jiang Chengzi said.
“My Zhu Mingyang?!” Liu Yang said.
Jiang Chen went silent for a second. Ren Yuanzi, Old Ancestor Di Long, Xuan Qingming, all of them became silent as they watched him. At this moment, even Liu Quanchao had said bad things about Jiang Chen, Ren Yuanzi and the others had to believe what they said.
“I am the one who did kill them, but I only killed those that deserve to be killed.” Jiang Chen said coldly.
“So it’s true, to think that two of my sons had fallen in your hands. Jiang Chen, I promise that I’m going to kill you today!”
“Jiang Chen, my Divine Pill Sect will never tolerate you!”
“Include my Overlord Sect! Jiang Chen! You must pay for my young master’s life with your blood!”
With the three sects expressing their anger, the other sects began to curse Jiang Chen, including Meng Fanpeng—the elder of Clear Stream Sect, the supposedly neutral Realm Guardian.
“Wu Rufeng and Tang Zhen died…”
Meng Fanpeng looked at Jiang Chen without saying anything. As for the death of Tang Zhen, Jiang Chen did not elaborate much. At this moment, he was the target of all the experts on-site.
“Jiang Chen, anything else to say? Countless prodigies have died in your hands, to think you’re such a beast. Where is Profound Feng Sect? You raised a vicious disciple. I shall tear your heart out and see whether its colour is black or red.”
Meng Fanpeng’s words had silenced the crowd. But their anger was directed to Jiang Chen. His ‘crime’ was set.
“I said, I only killed those who deserve to be killed. I killed Li Zongheng, Li Yan, Lang Ya, Li Yanchao, Zhu Mingyang but I never killed any innocent men. I do not touch those who didn’t cross me. Are you telling me to sit still when someone tries to take my life? Hmph.” Jiang Chen harrumphed.
He admitted his crimes but it was useless.
Xuan Qingming looked at Jiang Chen, he knew that Profound Feng Sect was done. Jiang Chen will die here, so many experts have surrounded Jiang Chen, he won’t be able to get away from here even if he has a pair of wings.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2438 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2439


Chapter 2439
This is the State of the Hearts of Men
“Jiang Chen, now that it has already come to this, aren’t you going to plead guilty? If you acknowledge your crimes you might have a proper burial.”
“Jiang Chen’s crime is clear, it’s useless for him to try to escape, there’s a hundred witnesses.”
“That’s right, Elder Meng, Elder Li, Elder Jiang, you have to take charge in this. Jiang Chen is an absolute evil, he killed our disciples, he must not be allowed to leave. Otherwise, those that have died in the secret realm would’ve died unjustly. They were there for the trial but died under the hands of the evil.”
“Hmph, such a scum should be killed and his corpse be publicly humiliated. Let him know that the sects of Linhe Boundary are not some easy targets. The Profound Feng Sect is certainly not some great sect too, to have such an evil person under their wings. I suggest that we remove the Profound Feng Sect for the sake of peace of the entire Linhe Boundary.”
A tsunami of voice could be heard as they ‘crusaded’ against Jiang Chen. As if those thousands of disciples died under his hands. Yang Jian and Man Shuai were depressed because of this. Jiang Chen was innocent, if it weren’t for him fighting Xuanyuan Canglan to the death, then the Tao Tie would be born and the Linhe Boundary would’ve fallen into despair.
However, the truth was altered by Xuanyuan Canglan, and Liu Quanchao, and the others were the first to blame Jiang Chen. How could they not be angry?
Xuan Qingming looked at Jiang Chen silently, he was shaken by what the experts said. Could it be that Jiang Chen did all those things? But he instantly suppressed that thought, because he was willing to trust his disciple.
“Nonsense! Jiang Chen is a good man! If it wasn’t for him, everyone here would’ve been dead. All of you would’ve been sucked into the chaos. You guys don’t know what happened within the Hidden Secret Realm! All of you guys are putting the blame on Jiang Chen just from the words of that Xuanyuan Canglan?!” Yang Jian shouted.
He felt wronged that Jiang Chen was blamed for those crimes. It was Jiang Chen who had used his life as collateral to beat Xuanyuan Canglan, yet in the end, what did he get? Not compliments, not love, but blame, asking him to be killed, what would Jiang Chen think?
Yang Jian’s voice became slightly hoarse from the shouting. But his voice alone could not cover the voice of the thousands. Plus, the people here had gone crazy, would the lords and elders of the sect listen to someone like Yang Jian?
Plus, Yang Jian was also a disciple of the same sect, who would believe him?
Jiang Chen’s eyes were the same, he had already anticipated this, but he still felt somewhat sad from this. But why? Nothing he could say could change this, nobody was willing to trust him.
This the state of the hearts of men.
Xuanyuan Canglan sneered as he looked at Jiang Chen, he didn’t need to act to kill Jiang Chen, he’ll die under the hands of the others. He had calculated all of these, those disciples that had died in the realm, their sect members will put their death in his hands.
“Did he kill all those prodigies? To think he’s such a person.” Ren Yuanzi frowned.
No matter what, Jiang Chen was still a member of the Profound Feng Sect, one of their sister sects. He does not want to see Jiang Chen getting killed by the hands of the other sects and see the Profound Feng Sect fall under this situation.
“Hard to say… I think he’s not that kind of person. From his act of giving us the pills, we could see that he’s not an evil person.” Old Ancestor Di Long said quietly.
But no one dared to be firm in their opinion because nobody saw what happened, and Liu Quanchao and the others said it was all done by Jiang Chen. At least their words were somewhat believable.
“One could never know the hearts of men. Jiang Chen may not have done it, but now that he’s pushed to a corner, let’s see whether he’ll just lay it down or fight towards the end.” Mu Tianen said.
“Are you saying that Jiang Chen will not take it silently? He’ll never admit it even if he dies… he doesn’t look like a person who would put down his weapon and let others do whatever they want on him. He’ll certainly fight back if you try to frame him.” Xuan Qingming said.
He knew of Jiang Chen’s character even if he’s new in the sect, he’s not like those cowardly people that would do despicable acts behind one’s back. He’s one to admit to whatever things he’s done.
He was willing to believe that Jiang Chen was innocent. Because Man Shuai and Yang Jian were the same, and he believed in the characters of these two disciples too. Profound Feng Sect will never have such an evil person under their wings.
“Don’t be so sure about that. Hmph, now that Jiang Chen has become the public’s enemy. Are you going to help him? Think about your sect, you’ll be lucky if you’re not affected by this bastard.” Mu Tianen said.
Even though it wasn’t pleasant to the ears, Xuan Qingming knew that he was thinking about him. But everything was pointing towards Jiang Chen.
Jiang Chen admitted that he had killed the men of Ghost Eye Sect… Divine Pill Sect… Clear Stream Sect. Ignoring the smaller sects, these three great sects would certainly chew him alive.
Xuan Qingming was filled with worry. But Jiang Chen was able to kill 6 of those powerful disciples, this means that he’s extremely strong too. Profound Feng Sect would’ve risen to a new height if Jiang Chen didn’t become the public’s enemy.
“He killed those prodigies, we must kill Jiang Chen, and destroy Profound feng Sect!”
“Yeah! Kill Jiang Chen to pay back the blood that has spilled for those prodigies!”
“Elder Meng, Elder Li, Elder Jiang, you have to make a judgement. The death of our disciples must be paid in blood!”
Jiang Chen felt that a thousand of energy and killing intent was locking towards him.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2439 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2440


Chapter 2440
Sect Lord, I’m sorry
Who would’ve thought that these experts would aim their killing intent towards Jiang Chen. If this goes on, Jiang Chen might really not be able to get out of this. A single Jiang Chengzi, a Heavenly God could easily kill him.
In the Hidden Secret Realm, Jiang Chen only fought those below the Heavenly God Realm and even then he had used all he had. The Tao Tie was beaten due to the Ancestral Dragon Emperor’s help. Jiang Chen could fight against a Heavenly God toe to toe but that was just your average Early Heavenly God.
Jian Chen looked at Xuan Qingming deeply. He knew that he’s going to bring trouble to the sect, and the lives of countless other disciples.
“Sect Lord, I’m sorry.” Jiang Chen’s smile made Xuan Qingming feel sad.
Xuan Qingming could not say anything to him. Jiang Chen did not blame Xuan Qingming because the latter still chose to believe him. He felt content, even though their sect was weak, they could still withstand the might of those giant sects, plus, the lord wasn’t alone, he had to take care of the other disciples behind his back.
Xuan Qingming did not have what it takes to fight against the other sects. The experts from the entire Linhe Boundary… if he decided to stand with Jiang Chen, then the whole Linhe Boundary would go against the sect. Plus, the two girls were still in the sect.
“Jiang Chen, will you surrender quietly or do I need to do it myself.” Li Tianhuo stared at Jiang Chen violently.
The most painful thing in the world is to send off the younger generation while being still alive. His two sons were killed by Jiang Chen, how could he let this vengeance go?
“You want me to surrender? Impossible, unless you can kill me.” Jiang Chen stared back at Li Tianhuo.
At this moment, he was fearless, fearless even against a Peak Heavenly God, he was calm and confident, even though the latter gave him a lot of pressure. He was still calm, and nobody could stop his dominating qi that was aimed towards the peak of cultivation.
“Does this mean that you’re going to act? Hmph” Jiang Chengzi looked at Jiang Chen coldly, completely filled with disdain.
No matter how heavenly-defying Jiang Chen was, he could never win against this many Heavenly Gods. He’s only going to shame himself. He probably already accepted his fate that he’s going to die under the hands of a Heavenly God expert.
“So, what?” Jiang Chen was still as proud as he looked at his surroundings and said:
“I, Jiang Chen, from now on, am not part of the Profound Feng Sect, I am no longer a disciple of Profound Feng Sect. Great Sects like you all should not trouble the men of Profound Feng Sect right? Otherwise, you’ll be the joke of the world..”
Yang Jian, Man Shuai and Xuan Qingming’s hearts were shaken by Jiang Chen’s words.
That figure, lonely yet firm, nobody knew how lonely his heart was. But Jiang Chen never told anyone, even if he’s been betrayed by millions of people, he’ll never back down. However, his heart has gone cold at this moment, it’s filled with killing intent, those who do not know what’s right and wrong, there’s no pity in killing these bastards.
The eyes of these people were filled with killing intent.
Jiang Chen stood at the peak of the mountain, feeling the wind blowing against his back. His whole body became cold, his heart became cold as ice as he was hated by everyone. So what? He still stayed faithful to his heart, other than Tang Zhen, the others were worthy of death.
It’s a disgrace for these people to even be alive, Jiang Chen’s heart became still and cold.
“Jiang Chen……”
Yang Jian and Man Shuai looked at Jiang Chen with their hearts bleeding.
Xue Qianying and Li Long quietly looked at Jian Chen. Their hearts were pained, but they could not understand why, as if he’s still a good man, however, in their eyes he’s an executioner, a murderer who had killed countless men.
Qing Lianzi looked at Xue Qianying and said:
“You’re not wrong, he’s a heaven-defying prodigy, otherwise, how could he kill the two grand guardians, and monsters of the Clear Stream Sect, the Ghost Eye Sect and the Divine Pill Sect? It’s a pity that he had garnered too many enemies and had made the whole Linhe Boundary his enemy. He will surely die.”
“He’s… not that kind of person.”
Xue Qianying’s beautiful brow frowned and murmured. Even if Jiang Chen had a hundred mouths, he could not get out of this.
“Since all of you said that I’ve killed them, what is there for me to explain? I admit that I’ve killed those people. However, those men deserved it. Clear Stream Sect, Ghost Eye Sect, Divine Pill Sect, three great sects, cunning yet petty. I’ve killed those scums to rid Linhe Boundary from those malignant tumors. Hahaha, if you want my life, come and take it, I, Jiang Chen, am not afraid! This is the greatest honour, to have the whole Linhe Boundary fight me. Hahaha!” Jiang Chen laughed madly.
There were more than two thousand people here, around a thousand of them were Heavenly God Realm experts. All of them were extremely angry, a mere True God dared to provoke all of them, is he looking to die?
They will surely join hands together to make sure he’s killed. However, they did not expect Jiang Chen to provoke them, such an attitude was one to be admired. Nevertheless, there’s nowhere for him to run now, those words will only bring more sadness. From the perspective of others, he’s just showing a bravado.
“Since you’ve admitted it, quietly surrender. It’s just a pointless struggle even if you want to fight.” Somebody mocked.
“Jiang Chen, accept your fate. You will never leave Linhe Boundary alive. Now that all the sects are here, what do you have to make it out of here alive? Hmph, don’t think that you can do whatever you want here, this is not the Hidden Secret Realm.” Xuanyuan Canglan stepped forward, blocking Jiang Chen’s path.
At this moment, everyone locked onto Jiang Chen, it was impossible for him to escape.
“I never thought of running away, since you all frame all those crimes to me. Let’s fight, I, Jiang Chen, shall gladly accept.” Jiang Chen said calmly with a cold smile.
He was no coward, he will not back off even if it means death.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2440 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2441


Chapter 2441
Battle with Eight Hundred Disciples
“Canglan, let’s eliminate this monster to help the Sect Lords resolve trouble.”
Meng Fanpeng looked at Xuanyuan Canglan who nodded silently. Although he did not know how formidable Jiang Chen’s current strength was, he had no confidence at all as Jiang Chen had defeated him once before. Despite the external factors, Xuanyuan Canglan was still once defeated by Jiang Chen. He knew that it was impossible for him alone to kill Jiang Chen.
“My friends, can you join me in this battle to kill the demon, Jiang Chen, and to restore peace to our Linhe Boundary.”
Xuanyuan Canglan’s words provoked the anger of numerous people. Of course, their anger was aimed at Jiang Chen. Eight hundred geniuses decided to join hands together and target Jiang Chen. About one hundred of them had already reached the Half-step Heavenly God Realm, and even the weakest among them was a Late True God.
All of them were truly geniuses and none of them entered here through the back door. Everyone knew very clearly about the cruelty in the Hidden Secret Realm. If one did not have enough strength, no one would even care if they died inside the Hidden Secret Realm.
“Jiang Chen is a wicked man and everyone should work together to kill him. We would like to help Brother Xuanyuan to kill this monster.”
“Not bad. We all have the duty to eliminate Jiang Chen together. He has killed so many people, we should not let him go.”
“Hehe. It would be great if he died. Let’s take action together. We must not let him leave this place alive.”
The eight hundred disciples were all filled with killing intent, and besieged Jiang Chen collectively. In the Twisted Jungle, one could not move through flight. That was why it was impossible for Jiang Chen to flee. The eight hundred disciples hated Jiang Chen to the core. Some of them heard from others about Jiang Chen and some just followed the trend. Through this, they had judged Jiang Chen as the most wicked person and should be punished by death.
Xuanyuan Canglan was delighted seeing the eight hundred geniuses coming together and targeting Jiang Chen. There was no way for Jiang Chen to escape now. He would only be relieved once Jiang Chen died. He would then combine himself together with the Tao Tie completely and no one would be his match anymore in the entire Linhe Boundary, except for a few of the old ancestors.
By that time, he would reach Heavenly God Realm as well and use his Heavenly God mightiness to refine a Divine spark. He would be invincible!
“Jiang Chen, why don’t you explain to them? Are you willing to be blamed just like this? If you have never ever existed, they might have all been buried in the Hidden Secret Realm.”
Man Shuai shook his head while his eyes expressed deep anger, but Jiang looked calm and smiled faintly.
“What’s the point of explaining? They only aim for my skull. Even if I speak up for myself, who is going to believe me? It’s useless to speak too much if one has already decided to kill you. It’s better to explain myself with my combat strength.”
Jiang Chen was not afraid at all even in the face of the eight hundred disciples. He looked even calmer and decided to have a battle.
“It’s a chance for all of you to establish your reputation today. If you kill Jiang Chen, you would be the hero of Linhe Boundary.”
Meng Fanpeng said in a deep voice, his eyes looked cold. Xuanyuan Canglan broke through the void and he was the first one who took action against Jiang Chen.
The eight hundred disciples roared in rage and their voice was so loud that it shook the entire ground. Terrifying aura was surrounding Jiang Chen and each of their strikes was deadly. Their killing intent flooded the air while their swords and blades were slashing against Jiang Chen. Jiang Chen immediately casted his dragon transformation, pushing his strength to reach the Half-step Heavenly God Realm. At this moment, Jiang Chen’s combat strength advanced to the peak of his realm. Each of his sword strikes was able to overcome each of the Late True God experts.
Jiang Chen’s killing intent was overbearing. Since he was wronged by everyone here, he could only choose to kill them.
“Since you want your own disciples to establish their reputation by killing me here, then I am going to kill all of your disciples today. Let’s see who amongst them could stop me.”
Jiang Chen laughed coldly. His sword was like a shooting star, managing to slaughter more than thirty Late True Gods ruthlessly in a flash. Blood stained all over the stones and trees around. Each of Jiang Chen’s steps was filled with overbearing killing intent and the eight hundred disciples lost their control completely under Jiang Chen’s pressure.
No one expected that Jiang Chen would be so powerful. Those elders who allowed their disciples to join the battle started feeling regret as more than thirty disciples had passed away in just a flash. They had completely lost their life.
Those Half-step Heavenly God Realm experts managed to resist Jiang Chen’s strike, but those True God disciples were all killed effortlessly by Jiang Chen. They could not withstand Jiang Chen’s Heavenly Dragon Sword at all. Even those ordinary Heavenly Gods found the Heavenly Dragon Sword terrifying.
“It’s terrifying. This guy is like a demon.”
“I guess even Heavenly God Realm experts would need to be careful of him.”
“I don’t know how many people he is going to kill.”
Countless people were dumbstruck. However, the battle had already started, so Jiang Chen would not show any mercy. Why should he be merciful to those who intended to eliminate him? As long as he killed one of them, there would be one less person who would go against him. Only the true geniuses would survive. Since you guys want to cultivate your realm so much, why don’t I help you in the cruelest way possible?
Jiang Chen smiled coldly inside his heart. Sweat and blood kept rolling down from his face, yet the blood was not his own.
The Heavenly Dragon Sword seemed like it was able to feel Jiang Chen’s anger. It soared up with sky-high fighting spirit and became even more ferocious than ever. All of the people on the spot were terrified by Jiang Chen’s killing intent. Wasn’t he just a Late True God? It would be even more dreadful if he reached the Heavenly God Realm. At that time, he would truly become an unparalleled demon king.
“Jiang Chen’s combat strength is too terrifying.”
Xuan Qingming murmured in his heart, completely astonished. If he were Jiang Chen, he might not be as calm. Moreover, Jiang Chen managed to kill a Late True God with just a single attack. When he first entered Profound Feng Sect, he had never displayed this kind of mightiness.
Xuan Qingming felt very complicated as he did not know whether he should be happy or sad about the fact that Jiang Chen was a Profound Feng Sect’s disciple. However, Jiang Chen was harvesting lives right now.
He believed that no one aside from him believed that Jiang Chen was innocent because Jiang Chen’s speed and technique of killing people was indeed heavenly shocking.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2441 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2442


The Battle that Brought Jiang Chen Popularity
“I am afraid that this guy has been driven by a demonic spirit. Although I have my doubts that he has really killed so many people, right now I have no choice but to believe. There have been more than seventy people that died under his sword. Such a dreadful battle would definitely bring huge shock to the entire Ancient Dragon City.”
Earthly Dragon Old Ancestor became solemn at this moment and his forehead was filled with worry. Although Liu Quanchao and Zhang Lei wanted so much to participate in the battle, they had been stopped by Ren Yuanzi and the Earthly Dragon Old Ancestor.
They did not know the whole story, but they knew that they should not simply kill each other as the Heavenly Earthly Profound Sect and Yellow Sect were brother sects. Xuan Qingming had already been in great trouble, as their brother sect, they should not pour additional oil onto the flame. Moreover, Ren Yuanzi and Earthly Dragon Old Ancestor received Jiang Chen’s medicinal pills before. So at least they would not participate in the battle.
“Jiang Chen has been killing wildly in the battle and everyone would inevitably be killed. Meng Fanpeng, Li Tianhuo and Jiang Chengzi, the three of them aren’t ordinary experts but their social status is so high that they couldn’t participate in the battle. However, they have no choice but to join the battle soon. Jiang Chen’s speed of growth is very shocking. I think these old men must have gained a new understanding of Jiang Chen’s power now.”
Ren Yuanzi sighed.
“No wonder those geniuses of the Divine Pill Sect, Ghost Eye Sect and Clear Stream Sect were all killed by Jiang Chen. Undeniably, if my Yellow Flame Sect has such talented genius, I will leave no regrets in my lifetime.”
Mu Tianen said faintly, but no one knew if he was teasing or acknowledging Jiang Chen’s capability.
Jiang Chen’s fighting spirit soared and his battle intent was unparalleled. Although those eight hundred disciples had all joined the battle, Jiang Chen’s killing speed was still too dreadful. They started changing their attitude and dared not to underestimate Jiang Chen’s strength. Because if they were careless, they could be killed anytime.
“Good one. He is indeed a wicked man and he still dares to kill wildly now.”
The eyes of Jiang Chengzi of Divine Pill Sect looked ruthless. He was a bit impatient looking at the scene and could not wait to take action soon. His sect had only sent out two disciples but Jiang Chen killed the two of them. This had created a deep grudge between the Divine Pill Sect and Jiang Chen.
Jiang Chen didn’t slow down his slaughtering speed at all. Although Xuanyuan Canglan who was almost a Heavenly God in the battle, he could not stop Jiang Chen from slaughtering all the disciples at all. Jiang Chen’s imposing manner was irresistible.
Jiang Chen’s eyes had already become completely blood red now , as his killing intent had been provoked completely. These people had pushed him to a dead end, so he had no choice but to kill them all in return. In Jiang Chen’s eyes, he did not feel guilty at all because there’s no right and wrong. If he wanted to kill every one of them, then he would kill every one of them.
“He seemed to have become even more powerful now.”
Xuanyuan Canglan’s action was ferocious and he pressed against Jiang Chen with his long halberd. His halberd turned into a dragon, sweeping across the heavens and earth. However, Jiang Chen remained fearless in the face of the halberd. Many experts had already fallen but Jiang Chen was still as steady as Mount Tai with his insane aura.
He had become more and more brutal in the battle with his Heavenly Dragon Sword and his iron fists. It was difficult for those countless experts to cause any harm to him. He alone was able to fight all of the experts. Jiang Chen’s perseverance and speed of recovery was extremely terrifying.
In just an hour, the battle had come to the boiling point and there were more than a hundred people that had died. However, Jiang Chen’s killing intent was still overbearing and he did not show any mercy at all. As soon as he made a strike with his sword, an agonizing scream and shout could be heard.
“If this continued, Jiang Chen might really kill everyone here. Quick! Take action and kill this monster now!”
Li Tianhuo’s cold voice echoed in the void. Every one of them seemed to be awakened from their trance. There were more than a hundred people that had fallen. If Jiang Chen continued to be like this, there would be even more people that would die. Jiang Chen’s present condition wasn’t much different from his best condition, and his strength remained powerful. Everyone was shocked by his stamina. If they were Jiang Chen, they would have been exhausted much earlier. However, Jiang Chen was still in high spirit and his sword strikes were still very dreadful.
Only Xuanyun Canglan, Xu Jin, Yu Rongyan and a few others were able to resist Jiang Chen’s attacks, but they failed to pose any threat to him.
Hundreds of people worked together to fight against Jiang Chen. After Li Tianhuo’s words, everyone used up their utmost strength because if they continued to fight like this, they might not even be able to defeat Jiang Chen.
“Jiang Chen, today is the day of your death!”
Xuanyuan Canglan used his entire strength at this moment. He was the one who wanted to kill Jiang Chen the most. When he had a life-and-death battle with Jiang Chen in the Hidden Secret Realm, Jiang Chen would have already been killed if Tang Zhen did not save his life. How would Xuanyuan Canglan let Jiang Chen live now? He thought that Jiang Chen would be exhausted and defeated after a long battle. However, Jiang Chen hadn’t even shown any signs of being exhausted even until now. His stamina was extraordinarily dreadful. Who would believe that he does not look tired at all even after an hour of intense battle?
Xuanyuan Canglan knew that Meng Fanpeng was already impatient. If they did not care about their own face, they might have already killed Jiang Chen. Because of their ranking and dignity, they chose not to take action yet. They were worried that rumors would spread saying that they, as powerful experts, simply killed a disciple.
“A halberd shatters the universe! Jiang Chen, you should die now!”
Xuanyuan Canglan broke through the sky and brought in countless gloomy clouds to the sky. All of the disciples were dumbfounded by Xuanyuan Canglan’s oppressive manner. Although they were all Half-step Heavenly Gods, there was a huge gap between them. No one would doubt if someone said that Xuanyuan Canglan was actually a Heavenly God.
Read latest Chapters at Wuxia World.Site Only
Jiang Chen smiled coldly, resisting Xuanyuan Canglan’s attack using his sword without any fear. If he flinched at this moment, the hundreds of people would take their chance to overwhelm him.
It’s a battle worth fighting and Jiang Chen would never give up!
“Sword breaking through the void and heaven!”
The Heavenly Dragon Sword wrestled with Xuanyuan Canglan’s strikes while thunder and lightning struck. Jiang Chen was still firm and steady and Xuanyuan Canglan was also filled with intense killing intent. Each of them were repulsed by the collision; none of them got the upper hand.
As a Late True God, Jiang Chen unexpectedly managed to fight against eight hundred genius disciples. Whether he wins or loses, Jiang Chen’s reputation would surely spread throughout the entire Linhe Boundary.
He would become popular because of this battle. Many people even thought that he would not have any regrets even if he died in the battle.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2442 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2443


Chapter 2443
To Kill Everyone
“Since you guys want to kill me that much, then I am going to let you taste my true color,” Jiang Chen said coldly.
As he became stronger, he became more skillful with the Little Ashura Sword Formation. When the one hundred and eight Divine Tools appeared on the void, even Meng Fanpeng and others became solemn.
“How could he get so many supreme Divine Tools? It’s terrifying.”
Some people exclaimed in shock because their sect elders might not even have a piece of supreme Divine Tool. This scene also caused countless Heavenly God Realm experts to be full of jealousy towards Jiang Chen.
Right now Jiang Chen has become a huge piece of delicious meat to most of them. Meng Fanpeng felt the same as well. He was jealous of Jiang Chen. If they could get so many pieces of supreme Divine Tools, Clear Stream Sect’s influence and power would definitely soar greatly. That would help them to cultivate more Heavenly God Realm experts.
“A lowly disciple could have so many supreme Divine Tools. It’s dreadful. These Divine Tools should not be in his hands.”
“You’re right. I think Jiang Chen could not escape from death anymore as there are so many elders aiming at him right now. Even if Jiang Chen was an incarnation of the Divine Emperor, he would not be able to get out of this situation today.”
“Those supreme Divine Tools… I don’t even have one. Why would he have so many supreme Divine Tools?”
They were all filled with greed and yearned to have the supreme Divine Tools. Some were surprised and some felt unresigned. All of them had shown their terrifying jealousy.
With the Heavenly Dragon Sword in his hand, Jiang Chen was controlling the sword formation. When the Hammer of Storm and Harmer of Meteors appeared, Meng Fanpeng and Li Tianhuo’s countenance fell. Jiang Chen did really have many treasures. These two Heavenly God Realm hammers were really tempting to Meng Fanpeng and Li Tianhuo. No one had any complaints about the number of Divine Tools they possessed.
They did not know what kind of treasure the Heavenly Dragon Sword was. However, it was the center of the formation. When the Little Ashura Sword Formation was formed, they only realized that the Harmer of Storm and Harmer of Meteors were nothing compared to Jiang Chen’s Heavenly Dragon Sword.
“What a terrifying sword. It could control the two Heavenly Divine Tools and one hundred and eight pieces of supreme Divine Tools. I am going to get that sword!”
Meng Fanpeng squinted his eyes and aimed for the Heavenly Dragon Sword. The four guardians who stood behind Meng Fanpeng had also expressed their astonishment because Jiang Chen’s Heavenly Dragon Sword indeed surpassed any Heavenly Divine Tools.
“Jiang Chen, you’re a good one. You have such a dreadful sword. Then you have to exchange your Divine Tool for my son’s life.”
Li Tianhuo was deeply moved and tempted by Jiang Chen’s Heavenly Dragon Sword.
“Ashura Sword Formation, slaughter the Heavenly Gods!”
Jiang Chen casted his Azure Dragon Five Steps, but he only managed to walk on the void for a distance of 20 meters. He could not shutter in the void at all. Nevertheless, the Little Ashura Sword Formation was still overbearing and it caused great changes between land and sky.
Many of the Heavenly God Realm experts found breathing difficult, as Jiang Chen’s Ashura Sword Formation was too dreadful. More than a hundred disciples were trapped inside the formation. Even Xuanyuan Canglan looked terrified, after seeing that Jiang Chen’s Little Ashura Sword Formation was more powerful than before.
Jiang Chen released a deep killing intent, as he wanted to kill all of these genius disciples.
“Whoever blocks me is going to die!”
Jiang Chen roared in rage and the Little Ashura Sword Formation suddenly blasted out. Hundreds and thousands of sword rays pierced through the disciples’ chest. That was the moment Meng Fanpeng and the others knew how powerful Jiang Chen’s Little Ashura Sword Formation was. Not many of the Heavenly God experts were able to withstand such a formidable strike.
“No! I couldn’t die now!”
“Sect Lord save me!”
“I don’t want to die! I have just come out from the Hidden Secret Realm. I am the genius of Linhe Boundary.”
Hundreds and thousands pierced through their hearts! The terrifying thunderous swords rays were extremely brutal. Even those that were a thousand miles away could sense this tragic scene. It’s extremely terrifying!
“Elder Meng, take action now. The sword formation is too dreadful and we could not withstand it!”
Xuanyuan Canglan called for help but the Heavenly God Realm elders realized that it was too late. Jiang Chen’s Little Ashura Sword Formation had already killed more than a few hundred people. Except those Heavenly God genius disciples who were at their last grasp, the Late True Gods were all killed in a flash in the Little Ashura Sword Formation.
Jiang Chen’s Little Ashura Sword Formation had killed many in all directions!
“Things don’t look good now. His sword formation is too dreadful. We must kill him as soon as possible!”
“All the elders, we have to take action as soon as possible. Otherwise, we might lose our lives as well.”
“Save me! I don’t want to die. I have gone through a lot of struggles in the Hidden Secret Realm. I can’t die now. I can’t!”
The screams made everyone present tremble in fear. Jiang Chen’s Ashura Sword Formation had shown everyone here what dreadfulness meant. At the moment, the elders, Sect Lords and disciples who suffered from the Ashura Sword Formation were all frightened. With the sword formation’s mightiness, Jiang Chen had killed hundreds of disciples.
Blood was shed all around the greenery. Jiang Chen’s face looked incomparably ruthless as he watched the deadly scene. This was the consequence you had to bear as you guys had forced me. Since you thought that I was the one who killed everyone, then I am going to kill everyone.
He was never a person who could be bullied easily. He had put in all of his stakes in this battle. When others wanted to kill him, should he still show mercy to them? If that was the case, it should not be called mercy but cowardice.
Jiang Chen had decided to kill everyone and his killing intent had created enormous pressure on those that were still alive. Even the Heavenly Gods felt great suppression. The Little Ashura Sword Formation was out of their imagination.
Once again, Jiang Chen showed his dreadfulness. He killed seven hundred of the most outstanding eight hundred genius disciples in Linhe Boundary. Now, there were only less than a hundred of them still breathing. All of them were Half-step Heavenly God Realm experts, so they manage to withstand the sword strikes. But they still failed to break through the dreadful Ashura Sword Formation.
“Let’s unite to withstand the sword formation together. Otherwise, none of us would be able to stay alive.”
Xuanyuna Canglan’s words made all of the disciples feel desperate. Since Xuanyuan Canglan had said so, that meant withstanding the sword formation was out of their capability.
“It’s just a sword formation. I really want to see how powerful you are.”
An Early Heavenly God Realm elder stepped forwards and came to the Little Ashura Sword Formation. He wanted to break through sword formation with his power yet he was immediately repulsed backwards. Blood kept spurting out from his mouth. A Heavenly God Realm expert had no way to deal with the sword formation, and was instead terribly defeated.
Who could resist the sword formation that intends to kill everyone?
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2443 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2444


Convicted
“What a terrifying sword formation!”
Meng Fanpeng’s countenance fell. At the moment, another ten Heavenly God Realm elders crashed into the formation but they still failed to make any dent to the formation. The Little Ashura Sword Formation was this formidable. With each genius disciple’s death, Linhe Boundary was suffering a great loss. It’s heartbreaking for the elders of different sects.
“Seems like I must take action.”
Meng Fanpeng suddenly had this thought. His body turned in a flash and came in front of the Little Ashura Sword Formation. He made a strike, thinking to shatter the Little Ashura Sword Formation, however, the formation remained still.
Jiang Chen noticed it. Finally, he had taken action. Meng Fanpeng was the strongest expert here right now. He was a Half-step Divine King and only the Realm Guardians had reached this cultivation realm. Jiang Chengzi and Li Tianhuo were only at the peak of Late Heavenly God Realm. Hence, as soon as the Half-step Divine King Meng Pengfan took action, Jiang Chen’s Little Ashura Sword Formation was shakened slightly.
“It won’t be easy to shatter my sword formation.”
Jiang Chen said with a cold smile while still standing in the middle of the sword formation with pride.
“Little kid, don’t try to make a joke.”
Meng Fanpeng said coldly then he made another three strikes against the formation but he still failed to break it. By this time, Meng Fanpeng seemed a bit impatient and looked solemn. He gave Li Tianhuo and Jiang Chengzi a glance and then said:
“What are you guys waiting for? Take action now. Do you only want to take action when this guy finishes killing all of our geniuses?”
After listening to Meng Fanpeng’s words, Jiang Chengzi and Li Tianhuo exchanged a glance. They immediately rushed into the battlefield. The three of them joined hands together to withstand Jiang Chen’s Little Ashura Sword Formation. However, they were still unable to destroy the formation. Although they had tried their best to damage the formation with their collective power, the sword formation was still able to withstand their battle strength.
“What a dreadful sword formation. This guy has hidden too many secrets behind. We, Ghost Eye Sect, never heard of any formation like this before.
Li Tianhuo shouted, his eyes looked ruthless. Jiang Chen’s sword formation had kindled his curiosity. If he was able to cast a formation like this, he would be able to kill the four great Realm Guardians. It would be a piece of cake for him to kill Meng Fanpeng by that time. Li Tianhuo was jealous of this formation. Both the sword and the formation were Jiang Chen’s trump cards. In his eyes, Jiang Chen did not deserve to have both of them.
“Li Tianhuo, you couldn’t see through the secret behind this sword formation, could you?”
Meng Fanpeng said in a deep, low voice. Although they had joined hands to deal with the sword formation, they still could not break it out.
Jiang Chen felt very solemn as this was his last card. If the Little Ashura Sword Formation was shattered, then he would fall into a suffering defeat. The Ancestral Dragon Pagoda might help him sometimes, but not all the time. Even if he fled into the Pagoda, he might still be under great threat when the four great Realm Guardians joined hands together. Moreover, Ancestral Dragon Emperor and Red Lotus both had fallen into deep slumber now, so he could only fight alone.
“I don’t believe that I can’t tear this sword formation apart.”
Meng Fanpeng snorted. Holding up his Azure Dragon Blade which obviously was a piece of dreadful Heavenly Divine Tools, he made another heavy blow against the Little Ashura Sword Formation. However, it still failed to shatter Jiang Chen’s Little Ashura Sword Formation.
Jiang Chen’s chance of winning was quite right now. He would not show mercy to anyone as he was still killing the disciples.
“All of you shall die as this is the price you should pay.”
Jiang Chen used up his utmost effort and casted out terrifying swords strikes. Another ten people were killed by Jiang Chen in the Little Ashura Sword Formation.
“No!”
“Don’t. He’s my Spirit Cloud Sect’s disciple!”
“Damn! Our Heavenly God Sect’s genius disciple has been just killed by Jiang Chen.”
“He’s definitely a demon! Arghhhhh!”
Jiang Chen looked pale but he was smiling while looking at these mad guys. He did not show any compassion at all. Those desperate and suffering eyes did not move Jiang Chen’s heart at all as he thought this was what they deserved!
He would never regret what he was doing because Jiang Chen would never give in to others. Moreover, these people were the ones who pushed Jiang Chen to the current situation. They brought themself this deadly consequence. There were only less than eighty disciples surviving right now. More and more disciples passed away and they were all terrified.
Jiang Chen ate another piece of Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pill to help himself while using Spirit of Wood well. However, Jiang Chen was still almost strained by casting the dreadful Little Ashura Sword Formation as it took an excessive amount of divine strength. Jiang Chen had no strength to keep it up anymore.
Li Tianhuo noticed Jiang Chen’s exhaustion. Soon, he would be defeated for soon. He was just courting death for himself as Little Ashura Sword Formation had taken too much of his divine strength based on his current cultivation realm.
“I am going to see how long more you could stand.”
Jiang Chengzi smiled coldly. Three of the experts took action together to suppress Jiang Chen. Jiang Chen once again casted the sword formation and his divine strength was going to dry up soon.
“Let me see what kind of trick you still have.”
Meng Fanpeng took up his Azure Dragon Blade and made a heavy blow. His blade strike was like a shooting star, breaking through heaven. His momentum as a Half-step Divine King was irresistible.
Jiang Chen’s sword formation was finally shattered at this moment because he had no more divine strength to maintain the Little Ashura Sword Formation anymore. Despite its formidability, casting the formation required massive divine strength.
Jiang Chen vomited out some blood.  The Little Ashura Sword Formation was broken and he was finally defeated.
The elders of Clear Stream Sect, Ghost Eye Sect and Divine Pill Sect joined hands together to finally defeat Jiang Chen. However, Jiang Chen was filled with glory. That was a glorious defeat!
No one dared to underestimate Jiang Chen now. Each of the Early Heavenly God elders were shocked as Jiang Chen showed them how a true monstrous expert looked like. Unfortunately, this battle had caused great loss to them. Only eighty of the eight hundred disciples who came out from the Hidden Secret Realm remained alive now. It’s less than ten percent of them. Jiang Chen’s Little Ashura Sword Formation was indeed too dreadful. If Jiang Chen had not used up his divine strength, Meng Fanpeng might not be able to break the Little Ashura Sword Formation.
“Detestable! If I were a Heavenly God, I would have killed all of you who are Half-step Divine King.”
Jiang Chen said while looking at Meng Fanpeng and the others. The scene looked extremely tragic now. Jiang Chen’s way of slaughtering had brought a great trauma to all these sects. Initially, he was framed but now he was really convicted of killing.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2444 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2445


Chapter 2445
Three Great Geniuses
Jiang Chen did not regret what he did because that was what he intended to do. Since he felt aggrieved and insulted, he would get it back in his own way.
“On the brink of death, don’t you dare to be so arrogant. It seems like you still don’t have the sensations of a mortal.”
Li Tianhuo laughed coldly and said.
“Just hand him to us, Ghost Eye Sect. I will definitely make him fall into the living hell and he will never be able to reincarnate.”
“You are so honest. What if we send him to Ghost Eye Sect after he hands over all of his treasures?” Jiang Chengzi said with a smile.
“Jiang Chengzi, What do you mean? Do you mean that I covet Jiang Chen’s treasures? That’s a joke. Haha.”
“An honest man doesn’t do anything underhanded. At the moment, Jiang Chen won’t be able to escape even if he has wings. It’s not you to make the final decision.”
Jiang Chengzi said lightly.
“Just kill him and cut him into pieces!”
“That’s right. Kill him now. We should make his soul suffer for 10,000 years and grind his bones to dust.”
“Our disciples should not die in vain.”
In this battle, Jiang Chen has aroused everyone’s anger. They had to helplessly watch their disciples being killed while being trapped in the Little Ashura Sword Formation. It was conceivable that it was really torture for them.
“It is difficult to vent everyone’s hatred if Jiang Chen wasn’t killed. He must die.”
Meng Fanpeng held his blade towards Jiang Chen. There was a cold implication that dread was going through him. Jiang Chen squinted his eyes and he could feel that death was approaching slowly.
“Kill Jiang Chen!”
“Kill Jiang Chen!”
“Let’s kill him now.”
Cries and shouts were heard continuously. Jiang Chen had stirred up a hornets’ nest. He had aroused the anger of all the sects in the Linhe Boundary. In this battle, Jiang Chen would die gloriously and shock the Linhe Boundary!
“Jiang Chen……Profound Wind Sect was powerless to save you. I am awfully sorry for saying this.”
Xuan Qingming took a deep breath. But there was nothing he could do and he could only helplessly watch Jiang Chen being struck and killed by Meng Fanpeng and the others.
“Jiang Chen, let’s see what else you got. You’re at the end of a cliff, you could finally die in peace now.”
Xuanyuan Canglan said and laughed coldly. If Jiang Chen died, the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda could not hold him down anymore and the spirit of Ancestral Dragon would disappear forever. It would be impossible for Jiang Chen to fight again. Many people were sacrificed in this battle as he underestimated Jiang Chen. He had not imagined that Jiang Chen could destroy the world with his destructive and devastating sword formation.
The Hidden Secret Realm has sunk deep into misery. Jiang Chen had almost killed all of the disciples, and there were only less than eighteen disciples left. This was the bloodiest and the most terrifying fight in Hidden Secret Realm for the first time ever. The number of survivors was not more than 10 per cent; thousands of people were sacrificed.
“Jiang Chen, you could rest in peace now. You killed the innocent disciples and it was a terrible and agonizing sight. This is your ultimate punishment.”
Jiang Chengzi said lightly and approached Jiang Chen slowly. Jiang Chen had become the thorn in their flesh and he would never be able to leave here alive.
“Surrender the sword in your hand and perhaps I will consider to keep your dead body intact.”
Li Tianhuo said with a smile. His words were full of chill menace which made everyone shudder.
“What if I refuse to bend?”
Jiang Chen said coldly.
“You refuse to do that? Haha. So what are you gonna do? Do you think that you could defeat all of us alone? Don’t be too naive. It is almost impossible for you to escape this place. You’re just like a turtle in a jar, so just surrender and perhaps you could die peacefully. Or else, It will be a great choice if I can keep you alive and make you to be my puppet.”
Li Tianhuo sneered at Jiang Chen with smiling eyes.
“I can’t stand it anymore. What a shame of you bullying a young generation here.”
A frosty voice rang through Jiang Chen and the others’ ears, it was none other than White-clothed Sword God Xue Liang.
“Who are you?”
Jiang Chengzi said in a deep voice.
“I’m White-clothed Sword God Xue Liang.”
Xue Liang’s words had made everyone draw a deep breath. Everyone did not expect the person who came out from the Hidden Secret Realm would confront the elders from three great sects without the slightest hesitation and fear.
“You’re White-clothed Sword God Xue Liang, right?”
Li Tianhuo said in a gloomy voice.
“A great genius from Forgotten Sword Tomb, who has been known as the most powerful evil in the Linhe Boundary since hundreds of years ago. He is irresistible, unbeatable and has never been defeated. His strength is even comparable with many representatives of the older generation. Not bad, you will be a promising young man.” Meng Fanpeng said pleasantly.
At the moment, everyone looked serious and dignified. They did not realize that the young guy would have such a terrifying identity. He was incomparably strong as his name implied, White-clothed Sword God.
“Over the years, the Forgotten Sword Tomb never showed up so I thought no one could remember our existence.”
Xue Liang said lightly.
“Forgotten Sword Tomb is unequaled in this place. Although they are still incomparable to Clear Stream Sect, it is still considered as one of the great sects of the older generations. Haha. White-clothed Sword God, you honour us by maintaining a good name in Linhe Boundary.”
Meng Fanpeng said simperingly.
“I believe that the strongest and weakest of Linhe Boundary will soon be determined.”
Xue Ling said unwillingly.
Jiang Chen has never thought that Xue Liang would appear. And he was not sure whether Xue Liang was on his side.
“It is not what you could decide as a junior.”
Meng Fanpeng said with a smile.
“I will take Jiang Chen over.”
“Do you think Forgotten Sword Tomb has the ability to do that?”
Meng Fanpeng shook his head and looked at Xue Liang.
“I would give a try.”
Xue Liang shrugged.
“I am sorry for disappointing you. I don’t think that Forgotten Sword Tomb qualifies for that.”
Meng Fanpeng and Xue Liang were smiling at each other.
“Xue Liang, I will remember you.”
Jiang Chen said and glanced at Xue Liang.
“I believe that you are the only one who could challenge me. In the Linhe Boundary, you are the only interesting person. I would live a very lonely life if you die.”
Xue Liang and Jiang Chen looked at each other. At that moment, Jiang Chen noticed that Xue Liang had already known the truth. There was trust in his eyes. But he could not stand out and tell the truth and Jiang Chen did not blame him. Even if he told the truth, there would be no changes at all. Jiang Chen had destroyed the whole Hidden Secret Realm which was a truth that could not be denied. Moreover, Jiang Chen already confessed the accusation which was an undeniably fact.
“If I don’t die, who can stop me in Linhe Boundary? Haha. Can you? You are really strong but I am definitely stronger than you.”
Jiang Chen said with an arrogant face.
“You’re at the end of a cliff. I warn you not to be so arrogant. Jiang Chen, it seems like you have to die today. Do you think that no one could defeat you now?”
Xuanyuan Canglan laughed and stood beside both of them. The three of them looked at each other silently. There was only contemptuous and arrogance in their eyes. They were overbearing, powerful, and reckless. It would be the greatest battle in the Linhe Boundary among the young generations.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2445 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2446


Rainbow-Coloured Heavenly Devouring Lightning, I shall strike whoever I wish
“But it’s a pity that this is your fate.”
Xuanyuan Canglan acted as if he was sighing.
“You may not be able to smile until the end.” Sword God Xue Liang and Xuanyuan Canglan looked at each other with a smile.
“I am lucky to be born in this fabulous age. All of you shall become the fireworks for me.” Jiang Chen smiled.
“I shall remember everyone in today’s battle. I, Jiang Chen, will pay it back 10 fold, no, a hundred fold in the future.” Jiang Chen’s expression became serious.
At this moment, Sword God Xue Liang was getting more intrigued.
“Jiang Chen, I hope you can still bring me more surprises just like when we’re in the Hidden Secret Realm, you single handedly destroyed the Tao Tie with the power that equals an army.”
“As you wish.” Jiang Chen smiled.
“Today, I, Jiang Chen, shall give the Linhe Boundary a big fat slap. Clear Stream Sect, Ghost Eye Sect, Divine Pill Sect. The day I, Jiang Chen, return shall be the day your sects are destroyed. I shall have the whole Linhe Boundary wash away today’s humiliation!” Jiang Chen silently vowed.
At this moment, nobody could sway his decision. Today’s humiliation was ‘given’ by these people. This injustice will surely be washed away, as long as he has the strength… Only the weak shall become the sacrifice of others.
“Jiang Chen, quit dreaming, are you thinking of running away while you’re facing the elders of the hundred sects?”
Jiang Chengzi looked down upon Jiang Chen’s arrogance.
“Let’s see about that.”
Jiang Chen then took out the Dawn Sky Golden Lightning, everyone was shocked. Even those Heavenly God experts felt pressured by it. Only Meng Fanpeng and the other great guardians were calm, since they were on the verge of touching the realm of the Half-Step Divine King. This Heavenly Lightning was something they could withstand.
“You should give up if this is only your trump card. You’re pretty talented to possess a Heavenly Lightning. But this Dawn Sky Golden Lightning is not enough to allow you to reign supreme.”
Meng Fanpeng then attacked Jiang Chen because he did not have the patience to prolong this anymore.
“Is it?” Jiang Chen smiled.
As he faced Meng Fanpeng’s attack, another terrifying lightning energy emerged from his right hand. The Nine Stars Heavenly Tribulation Lightning emerged. At this moment, the colour of the sky changed, thunder roared, the expression of the four realm guardians changed. Meng Fanpeng was forced to jump back because the Nine Stars Heavenly Tribulation Lightning could certainly threaten his life.
“My Nine Stars Heavenly Tribulation Lightning!” Xuanyuan Canglan’s pupil contracted.
At this moment, his expression changed. He could clearly feel that the current  Nine Stars Heavenly Tribulation Lightning was a lot stronger than when it was in his possession.
“Nine Stars Heavenly Tribulation Lightning!”
Meng Fanpeng’s lips became slightly dry. He acted alone, if Jiang Chen did not care about anything else and wanted to die with him, then not even a Half-Step Divine King could get out of this unscathed.
“Fellow seniors (four seniors), I hope that you’ll attack this kid together with me, only the combined strength of the five of us can withstand that kid’s Nine Stars Heavenly Tribulation Lightning.”
The four realm guardians looked at each other blankly, they clearly felt the threatening force of the Nine Stars Heavenly Tribulation Lightning. Although Jiang Chen wasn’t even a Heavenly God, only the five of them could eliminate him. The Nine Stars Heavenly Tribulation Lightning caused the hundreds of Heavenly Gods to shudder in fear.
“This fella, to think he possesses such terrifying Heavenly Lightning?! How did he acquire it? Won’t he get a backlash from it?”
“He’s a monster, once the backlash hit him, not even a God Emperor could save him.”
“He’s playing with fire, once the Nine Stars Heavenly Tribulation Lightning fall, this whole area will become hell on earth.”
“Such a terrifying fellow, is he really a disciple of the Profound Feng Sect?”
Countless people gasped. The Nine Stars Heavenly Tribulation Lightning on one hand and the Dawn Sky Golden Lightning on the other. Terrifying qi filled the whole air, and thunder clouds gathered around the whole area.
“Seniors, please.” Meng Fanpeng said.
“To defend the moral righteousness and to destroy evil is our duty. This kid is too evil, he must be executed.” One of the realm guardians said.
“You won’t be able to get away no matter what tricks you have now. With the fellow seniors here, your Nine Stars Heavenly Tribulation Lightning shall be useless.”
Meng Fanpeng became confident as the realm guardians joined in.
“Nobody could make me bow down, not even the Heavens!” Jiang Chen sneered.
At this moment, he did a terrifying act. Everyone, including Meng Fanpeng and the four realm guardians were suffocated.
“What happens if I merge the two Heavenly Lightning together?”
Meng Fanpeng’s smile froze. Nobody had ever dared to attempt such an act, it was already a person’s ten-lives worth of luck if he could possess one and use it. To possess the two of them without getting any backlash was even one-of-a-kind. To merge the two of them together, nobody knew what kind of effect it would have, because nobody had dared to try it.
“Jiang Chen, you dare?”
Meng Fanpeng took a deep breath as his expression froze.
“I had never tried it but I am willing to give it a go. All of you had forced me to do it, which is quite a feat, frankly. Well then… I will have to do it, for all of your sake.” Jiang Chen smiled.
“Brat! You dare?!” Meng Fanpeng shouted, instantly attacking Jiang Chen along with the four others.
Jiang Chen’s eyes became cold. You guys forced me… how many of you are going to live… it’ll all depend on your luck. 
Jiang Chen didn’t know whether it’ll succeed, but he’ll surely die if it failed. But if he does succeed to merge the two lightning together, then this shall become his strongest trump card!
“Go to Hell! Who wants me dead? I will send him down towards the deepest floor of hell!” Jiang Chen roared as he fused the two lightning together.
The terrifying lightning zapped and rumbled, a shining rainbow coloured light burst out, when the two lightning merged, the whole forest became a sea of lightning.
A rainbow light shone after the two lightning merged together, a devastating lightning was born. Everyone’s heart thumped as if they were hit by a heavy punch, they felt suffocated as if the air had left their lungs.
Meng Fanpeng and the four realm guardians were the first to suffer, they tried to withstood it with their combined force, but the terrifying lightning energy coarse through the area.
Jiang Chen looked at this scene with a blank stare, he did not expect the strength of the lighting to be this powerful. It was as if the most primal lightning had been born.
Even though Meng Fanpeng and the four others used everything they had, they were still unable to stop the lightning blasting through the whole forest.
Countless people tried to scatter, but they were all shattered instantly! It was a terrifying sight to behold!
Unprecedented murder corase through the clouds!
“Hahaha! I’ve succeeded! I attempted to fuse the lightning so as to surpass the peak. Now I’ve grasped the Rainbow-Colored Heavenly Lightning, I shall zap whoever I wish!” Jiang Chen laughed violently. At this moment, he laughed happily with the greatest joy he had experienced!
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2446 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2447


Chapter 2447
The Casualties were Phenomenal
“What a tremor. That is… the direction of the Hidden Secret Realm. Is something big happening over there?”
“There was a meteor light that flashed from that place, however, nobody was able to catch it. Something great must be happening over there right now.”
“The quiet Hidden Secret Realm surely gives us a surprise once in a while. Hahaha.”
“I have a bad premonition. This Hidden Secret Realm is a mysterious place, it may even bring forth a great disaster.”
In the Ancient Dragon City, many people saw that lightning storm from afar. Such great disturbance caused a great number of Heavenly God experts to fly up to the sky of the city, they were filled with questions and doubts. Such a terrifying lightning explosion, what matter of catastrophe has happened over there?
The whole forest became hell on earth under the bombardment of the lightning storm. The explosion produced by the heavenly lightning massacred and devastated the whole forest. The survivors felt like they’ve just experienced armageddon.
In this battle… 137 Heavenly God experts had fallen, 42 sect lords turned to ashes, 95 sect elders died without a trace. It was truly devastating. If it wasn’t for Meng Fanpeng and the four realm guardians defending it with all their might, the casualties would’ve been much more. Who could’ve imagined that a Late True God youngster has such a card under his sleeve?!
Lightning strikes! The invincible Heavenly Lighting cannot be stopped!
A hundred sects suffered immense casualties, a great number of mid-tier sect lords and elders had died. One could already imagine that the Linhe Boundary would surely go into an age of chaos!
At this moment, Jiang Chen had exhausted the last shred of energy he had as he unleashed his trump card. But in the end, he was lucky that he managed to fuse the two lightning together, a gamble that he had taken without any idea whether it would succeed. He became excited as he watched the scene below, he did not feel a shred of sympathy, those people were worth killing, they were the one who pushed him in this situation. They should learn a good lesson from this.
At this moment, Jiang Chen protected the ones he wanted to protect with the lightning. Nevertheless, Xuan Qingming and the others still suffered an injury, albeit minor, as he did not have much control over it. However, it was better than being killed. Countless people had died without leaving a trace behind.
“I’ve succeeded! From now on, I shall walk the path of fusing different kinds of heavenly lightning. I shall devour the Heavenly Lightning and fuse them together. I shall kill those who stand before me! Linhe Boundary, I will certainly turn this place upside down!” Jiang Chen sneered.
His anger could be seen from his cold eyes. There’s nothing that was keeping him in this Linhe Boundary anymore. Now, he had offended all the sects within the entire Linhe Boundary, there’s no place for him here. Linhe Boundary was vast, but compared to the whole Divine World, it’s but a small part of it. Jiang Chen could easily go wherever he wanted.
Looking at the whole forest, it had become a charred piece of land, countless experts perished. Only 20 disciples were left from this devastation. The casualties of the sects were immense. Some of the sects were fated to perish, and would then consequently vanish in the course of history after this battle.
“He’s the devil! The Devil!”
“How could this have happened? Is that guy still human? Gone, everything is gone.”
Someone cried. It was extremely tragic. Who could’ve thought that a Late True God could create such a devastating lightning storm, and such destruction?
Some of them were scared shitless. Jiang Chen’s lightning explosion was too scary. The whole Linhe Boundary shall remember this day forever as countless sect lords and elders tragically died in this forest.
As a matter of fact, they’ve made an irreversible mistake to push Jiang Chen’s buttons. Those self-proclaimed high ranking sect members hadn’t thought that Jiang Chen would become their tumour.
“Jiang Chen. All of us have looked down on him. Cough” Ren Yuanzi coughed, and his expression turned pale.
He almost died under that lighting storm, luckily Jiang Chen wasn’t devoid of humanity and did not kill the remaining two disciples of the Heavenly Star Sect.
The four allied sects did not suffer any great casualty. This was the gratitude Jiang Chen had towards Xuan Qingming, and Ling Long.
“Now, I really believed that Jiang Chen was framed.” Old Ancestor Di Long sighed.
Even though Ren Yuanzi and him were both Mid Heavenly God experts, without Jiang Chen’s protection, they would’ve most likely died under that lightning storm. Old Ancestor Di Long knew that if Jiang Chen was devoid of humanity, they would’ve all died there and then.
“Jiang Chen, you shall forever be my Profound Feng Sect’s pride.” Xuan Qingming said proudly.
But at this moment, he knew that this was just his wishful thinking. Jiang Chen had chosen to leave the sect, and was not a disciple of Profound Feng Sect anymore.
Qing Lianzi stood firmly, her beautiful face and clean robe remained unscathed. Xue Qianying, who was quietly standing beside her, looked down. She knew that if it wasn’t for Jiang Chen protecting them at the very last second, she would’ve died too. A Peak Early Heavenly God could certainly not withstand that blast.
“Probably, you’re right. That fella is truly a demon king. But now, the whole Linhe Boundary will be turned upside down.” Qing Lianzi murmured and sighed as she looked at Xue Qianying.
She cannot see through her fate, it may have been tightly intertwined with that demon king but whether it was good or bad, she didn’t know.
“Damned fella. Jiang Chen, you’re still able to survive this?!” Xuanyuan Canglan gritted his teeth as he slowly stood up from the ashes.
Even though he refused to believe it, he was afraid of Jiang Chen. To create such a big disturbance, only that bastard could do such a thing.
Sword God Xue Liang’s lips curved into a smile. Jiang Chen managed to give him an extremely big surprise in the end. However, it was more of a shock!
With the lightning storm unleashed, who can stand against him?
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2447 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2448


Chapter 2448
Shocks Linhe, his name spread across the world
“Jiang Chen, I will surely crush your bones and turn it into dust!” Meng Fanpeng said with a pale expression, his clothing was ragged and dirty.
The four realm guardians also looked the same, looking completely shabby. Jiang Chen’s lightning storm gave all of them a big fat slap. That slap caused Jiang Chen to become the number one of the whole Linhe Boundary.
“Jiang Chen, my Ghost Eye Sect vows to kill you today!” Li Tianhuo roared.
Jiang Chen has now offended not just the three great sects, but also the hundreds and thousands of other sects. His fame will surely reach the ends of the Linhe Boundary.
“My Divine Pill Sect will surely find you even if you hide at the ends of the world!” Jiang Chengzi gritted his teeth with ash and dust covering his face.
He obviously took quite a hit. The lightning storm changed the whole situation around.
“This kid is too monstrous and cruel, we need to eliminate him fast.” The leading realm guardian shouted.
This was the first time since a million years where a realm guardian suffered such humiliation and to lose against a Late True God to boot.
“Hmph, today’s vengeance, we shall settle it in the future.”
Jiang Chen’s voice reverberated through the sky, shocking the hearts of the survivors. That terrifying lightning storm had crushed all of their spirit. They can never reach such height. Jiang Chen had killed so many experts single-handedly—137 Heavenly Gods, who could believe it?
Jiang Chen had already escaped from the jungle, leaving a decadent misery to the survivors.
When they tried to look for him, he was already long gone.
Meng Fanpeng looked at the four realm guardians before heavily nodding, and said:
“I declare, from this moment on, my Clear Stream Sect is willing to unite all the experts within the Linhe Boundary, and form a Hundred Sect Alliance. Our target is Jiang Chen! Kill him and gouge his heart! My Clear Stream Sect will be the first to join.”
“My Ghost Eye Sect will join.”
“Divine Pill Sect too.”
“Overlord Sect too.”
“Mine too!”
Hundreds of sects roared, crusading against Jiang Chen. Meng Fanpeng raised his arm and got the support of everyone. Now Jiang Chen has become the scum that must be eliminated. This event will surely shake the whole Linhe Boundary. All the young prodigies died, their young and hopeful buds were killed.
“Alright. I, Meng Fanpeng, swear that I shall be less than a human if Jiang Chen is not killed! From now on, Jiang Chen shall be killed on sight in Linhe Boundary. Our alliance’s mission is to eliminate this tumour. Our 80,000 sects will not be scared by a kid that hasn’t even reached the Heavenly God Realm.” Meng Fanpeng was filled with killing intent.
Public enemy number 1 = Jiang Chen!
“Even though Jiang Chen managed to get away now, his future is bleak.” Ren Yuanzi sighed.
Even though he did not join in the alliance, he knew what that alliance meant. It would be hard for Jiang Chen to move in the future, he may not be able to leave Linhe Boundary. He’s already lucky to be able to escape now, but once the alliance is completely functional, the whole Linhe Boundary will become a giant net that would ensnare him.
A day later, Ancient Dragon City was in a huge uproar. Countless Heavenly Gods sighed from the news, and it looked like this year’s trial had become the nightmare of all the participating sects. Many people died, youngsters, elders and lords alike.
There were around 10,000 Heavenly God Realm experts within the Ancient Dragon City. Because this place is where the majority of the Heavenly Gods could be seen, most of the Heavenly God experts like to reside in the city, even lonely wanderers too.
The Ancient Dragon City of Linhe Boundary, a place where the mighty and scum gathered. The place where information could reach and spread the fastest. The whole Linhe Boundary was in an uproar. A single True God youngster massacred a hundred or so Heavenly God experts using his Heavenly Lightning Art, including those mighty and powerful elders and sect lords.
Are those Heavenly Gods weak? No. But to think there’s such an event where a huge number of Heavenly Gods fell. It was truly very tragic news.
“This is unexpected. To think the casualties for this year’s Hidden Secret Realm trial would be this high, only 20 of them returned out of ten thousand participants. Not even the three great sects, Clear Stream Sect, Ghost Eye Sect and the Divine Pill Sect could escape it.”
“Ain’t that right. I am curious about the identity of this Jiang Chen. To think he has such a terrifying technique, unstoppable, bold and decisive. Haha.”
“Thousands of young prodigies were buried in the Hidden Secret Realm. My God! The young prodigies of the Linhe Boundary are all gone. Looks like there will be a gap in the next hundred years.”
“That’s nothing! Over a hundred Heavenly God experts died that very day. This Jiang Chen’s name will surely shock the whole Linhe Boundary! The birth of a new demon king is near if he can survive this.”
“Now, I’m curious. Wouldn’t he turn the whole Linhe Boundary upside down if he really managed to survive? Haha, I’m quite looking forward to it. Since the Linhe Boundary has been quiet for far too long. It’ll be fun if someone stirred things up. Plus, the Hundred Realm Contest for Supremacy is going to start after 10 years. Looks like Linhe Boundary will be dead last again this time.”
Not just the Ancient Dragon City, the whole Linhe Boundary had known about the news of what Jiang Chen had done, killing a hundred of Heavenly Gods. His might has already reached where the realm guardians couldn’t even stop him, he is even able to escape from them, his fame has already reached the height that has never before seen.
Everyone thought that Jiang Chen had run away towards the ends of the world. But little did they know that currently, Jiang Chen was hiding inside Ancient Dragon City!
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2448 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2449


Chapter 2449
Ballsy!
“Quick quick, I heard that there is some good stuff today. It may be stuff from the Hidden Secret Realm.”
“Stuff from the Hidden Secret Realm? Hehe, quit dreaming. Don’t you know the battle that ensued over there? Jiang Chen swept all the sects to the floor. Even the hermits, the realm guardians also took quite a hit. Only twenty disciples were left alive. This is a huge event, a sad day for the Linhe Boundary.”
“Ain’t that right! Haih, what can we do about it? Looks like the world is going into chaos. The Hundred Sect Alliance is now formed with the sole goal of killing Jiang Chen, that demon king. Beacons are rising throughout the whole Linhe Boundary, even the whole Ancient Dragon City is in an uproar.”
“I am curious about Jiang Chen’s background. To think he has the ability to cause this place that has been silent for thousands of years to be this lively. I hope he’s not too weak, otherwise, he won’t be able to get away from the eyes of the Hundred Sect Alliance.”
Crowds gathered in front of the entrance of the Auction House, discussing, gossiping. There were some who slandered Jiang Chen, some worshipping him. After all, he had offended many sects in that battle, and even killed off some of their lords in the process. That event was now known by everyone and his name was under a tight watch by the Hundred Sect Alliance.
“Excuse me, brother, make way.” A youngster wearing a dosa said.
He’s none other than Jiang Chen.
Currently, Jiang Chen was devoid of anything of value. The Divine Origin Stones he had were thoroughly spent. The most important thing now for him was to increase his cultivation level, his strength. He needs to at least reach the Half-Step Heavenly God Realm to survive his current predicament. Otherwise, he’ll need to use everything he has to even survive an attack from an Early Heavenly God. His movement was heavily restricted within the Linhe Boundary.
“I’m here to sell.” Jiang Chen said indifferently.
“You again? Hehe, you’re… Young Master Jiang, right? What did you bring us today.” The staff said with a smile.
Of course, he’s forgotten what Jiang Chen’s name was but he could recognise his voice. Otherwise, he wouldn’t be this calm about it.
“I’m looking for Zi Luo, you guys can’t make any decision.” Jiang Chen said quietly as he sat on the chair, sipping his tea which is always warm as the pot was made by Divine Origin Stone. It allows the tea to stay warm. This was his first time seeing it.
“Alrighty, Master Jiang, please wait a moment.”
Jiang Chen was invited into the inner hall after a while. Zi Luo was there, wearing a beautiful purple garment, looking as beautiful as ever.
“To think you dare to return back to the Ancient Dragon City? Don’t you want to live?” she said with a serious and low tone, with worry written all over her face.
“The most dangerous place is also the safest. Don’t you agree? I need Divine Origin Stones.” Jiang Chen smiled.
Zi Luo shook her head as she watched Jiang Chen.
“Aren’t you afraid of me snitching on you? Don’t you know that as long as anyone provides a clue on your whereabouts, they’ll be rewarded with 100,000 High Grade Divine Origin Stones!”
“Is that what I’m worth? 100,000 High-Grade Divine Origin Stones. Hehehe.” Jiang Chen shrugged.
“You’re a madman.” Zi Luo said as he watched Jiang Chen speak confidently.
She knew that Jiang Chen really did kill all those sect lords and the other young prodigies. But who would believe such a grand news? One could only describe it as terrifying. When Zi Luo heard the news, she couldn’t believe that it was Jiang Chen who did it, the same lad that brought her those Divine Tools?
Now, she had to believe it as she watched him because his strength had increased quite a large margin. Rising from the Peak Void God Realm to the Late True God Realm in just a year. But to kill hundreds of Heavenly Gods and those disciples, it was weird…
“The world of madmen can only be understood by madmen. Even prodigies may not understand it.” Zi Luo silently looked at Jiang Chen, sighed.
“How much do you need? I can fork out 100,000 for you.”
Jiang Chen was slightly stunned.
“Hahaha, do you think that I’m here to ask for Divine Origin Stones to run away?” Jiang Chen laughed.
“Why do you think that I’m preparing to run?”
“What is your plan then?” Zi Luo frowned and blushed.
This was the first time she got sentimental. Not even the matured her could guess what Jiang Chen was thinking.
“I must quickly increase my strength, plus, I will not run away. I will fight all the sects of the Linhe Boundary towards the end! Until either party is dead!” Jiang Chen said with cold eyes.
After hearing his words, her heart was hit with a wave of emotion.
“You’re only in the Late True God Realm. Those great old sects have an abundance of resources and power, don’t you know that? Just the Ten Great Sects alone, they have at least a dozen or so Heavenly God experts within their sect, even hundreds. Plus, the lords of the three great sects are all Divine Kings, even though you managed to push back those Half-Step Divine King guardians, that does not mean that you can challenge those Divine Kings.” Zi Luo said worriedly.
Jiang Chen was trying the impossible, like striking a stone with an egg, self-destructing.
“I believe that you’ll have the ability after a hundred years. But you’re still too weak now.”
“Much appreciated. But this is who I am. Stubborn. Nobody could change my decision. Since they wanted me dead that much, I will play their game of hide and seek. I can kill a hundred of their Heavenly Gods, I certainly have my methods to fight them on.” Jiang Chen’s eyes were filled with murderous intent.
“I originally wanted to be just, but since they said I am a mad heartless murderer, I will show them madness. The Linhe Boundary cannot stop me. I will kill all those that oppose me and show them what it means to be a devil.”
Zi Luo became silent, she could see that Jiang Chen had endured a great injustice. The resolve in his eyes made others feel sad for him. He shouldn’t be a heartless killer, right? But being forced to edge by those sects, even a tamed animal will bite back!
There’s no right or wrong in Jiang Chen’s way of doing things. But in his point of view, this was vengeance, a complete payback, a one-way road without turnbacks.
“At least you’re alive.”
Zi Luo forced out a smile. This fella is ballsy!
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2449 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2450


Chapter 2450
I guess it is better to accept respectfully than to decline courteously
“This medicinal pill. How much is this worth?”
Jiang Chen took out a Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pill. At that moment, Zi Luo’s eyes shone brightly as she stared at the pill in complete shock.
Zi Luo took a deep breath, the two mountains on her chest puffed up, her two giant eyes glittered as she stared at the Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pill.
“This is… An Immortal Grade Medicinal Pill?!” Zi Luo couldn’t contain her shock.
An Immortal Grade Medicinal Pill is higher than a Supreme Grade! Even the lousiest Immortal Grade Pill could not be slapped by a price tag. It’s normal for an Immortal Grade Pill to be priced at 100,000 – 200,000. Whereas Jiang Chen’s Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pill was not an ordinary pill. It has a great effect on cultivators below the Hierarch Realm.
“Yes. I got it from the Hidden Secret Realm, how much do you think this Immortal Grade Pill is worth?”
“At least 80,000 High Grade Divine Origin Stones. But the end price would be at least 150, 000.” Zi Luo said.
“What if it’s in a bulk of five?” Jiang Chen said with a smile.
Zi Luo gasped as she looked at Jiang Chen with stars in her eyes.
“You… are you sure?” Zi Luo stuttered.
Five Immortal Grade Medicinal Pills!!! Zi Luo didn’t doubt him as this was brought back from the Hidden Secret Realm.
“800,000 – 1,000.000 High Grade Divine Origin Stones. I guarantee it.”
“Very well. I’ll hand these Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pills to you. The effect of this pill is what already implied on its name, to prolong one’s life. It’s best for those Half-Step Divine Kings or Peak Heavenly Gods experts, their value would be immeasurable. If it’s taken by normal people, it’ll be able to improve a person’s capabilities and innate potential.
Jiang Chen snapped his fingers and six Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pills appeared on his palm.
“Then, I am much more confident that this Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pill could give you a price that you wouldn’t even expect.” Zi Luo smiled.
This Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pill was a great product even amongst the Immortal Grade Pills. Looks like Jiang Chen got a great haul in the Hidden Secret Realm.
“There’s six?” Zi Luo said, slightly stunned.
“The other one is for you.” Jiang Chen smiled.
“What? For me?” Zi Luo said in disbelief.
To think Jiang Chen would give her an Immortal Grade Pill.
“You didn’t snitch on me, I must reward you a little. This Immortal Grade Pill is my gift to you. I believe in you.”
Jiang Chen placed the six pills in Zi Luo’s hands, grasping her tender and soft palm tightly, not allowing her to reject.
Zi Luo blushed as Jiang Chen grasped her hand. Her heart couldn’t help but feel excited. For so many years, she worked hard for the sake of the clan, to reach this position through sheer hard work. She only managed to save up 100,000 stones worth of wealth, it was still a terrifying amount of wealth but a single Immortal Grade Pill was enough to cover it all.
It would be impossible for her not to feel excited. Plus, the effect of this Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pill was extremely great, it’s value was immeasurable for her future cultivation too.
“Thank you.”
“I should be the one thanking you. I’ve become the most hated murderer in this place and yet you chose to believe me. This means that I am still valuable.” Jiang Chen smiled.
“Rest assured, I will certainly get a great price for you.” Zi Luo said confidently.
This Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pill will certainly cause those old coots that were about to die to go monkeys over it.
“However, I want those High Grade Divine Origin Stones to be changed into Supreme Grades, will that be hard?”
“You want Supreme Grade Divine Origin Stones? Supreme Grade Divine Origin Stones is inefficient compared to the High Grades. One Supreme Grade only has around 5000-6000 High-Grade worth of energy. But 10,000 High Grades are needed to trade for a single Supreme Grade. Moreover, one couldn’t just absorb the pure energy of a Supreme Grade Stone, you need to be at least at the Half-Step Divine King realm to absorb them. Plus, a rare item like the Supreme Grade Divine Origin Stones is rarely traded in Ancient Dragon City.” Zi Luo frowned, trying not to be too harsh.
“I have use for those Supreme Grade Divine Origin Stones.” Jiang Chen looked at Zi Luo seriously.
Those Supreme Grade Stones were needed for the base of the Little Ashura Sword Formation, he’ll be able to save up a lot of energy if those stones were made as the base of the formation. By doing so, he wouldn’t need to worry that his divine energy will be sucked dry by the formation. Ten Supreme Grade Stones were the minimum amount to build the base of the formation.
Even Jiang Chen’s heart was bleeding, the cost was just too high. However, he needed those stones to eliminate his enemies.
“I’ll try. If those old fossils that are about to die are willing to come, then we’ll probably have some Supreme Grade Divine Origin Stones. However, do not hold too much hope.” Zi Luo said.
“Alright.” Jiang Chen said.
“I probably need three days. I need to spread the news of the Immortal Grade Medicinal Pills. By then, more people will join. These pills are great, those old coots that are hiding in the city will surely not let these go elsewhere.” Zi Luo smiled.
“Very well, I shall wait for your good news.”
“Where are you planning to stay? People are swarming in the Ancient Dragon City, dangers lurk even if you hide at the ends of the world. Why don’t you stay in my room? Then, leave this city after you get your divine origin stones.” Zi Luo’s face turned bright red.
No one else has entered her room before. But this was just a temporary measure. Since she was worried about Jiang Chen, many people would surely spot him if he left the building, it’s not exactly safe for him.
“Then… I guess it is better to accept respectfully than to decline courteously.” Jiang Chen smiled.
Even though it was not courteous to stay in a woman’s room, there’s not much he can do as he didn’t have any more choice.
Zi Luo clapped her hands and her staff entered the room, she smiled and her eyes then suddenly froze, a blinding sword flash cut across the room… all the staff were instantly killed. She then spread a kind of dust on their bodies and they vanished without a trace.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2450 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2451


Chapter 2451
The Game Just Started
When the Immortal Grade Pills were out, there was an uproar in the Ancient Dragon City. No one doubted the quality of the Immortal Grade Pills. Moreover, Gathering Destiny Square had been announcing that the pill could help prolong a Heavenly God or a Half-step Divine King’s life for ten more years. It was really attractive to them.
What was the scariest thing to cultivators? It was their life expectancy. If you could not reach the Emperor Realm, you would always be eliminated by time one day. Even a formidable expert would also face death one day when with the help of time, unless you had reached the Emperor Realm. Only Divine Emperors could exist in the world forever!
As soon as the effect of the Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pill was spread, everyone in the Ancient Dragon City was in a bit of a panic. Those old Heavenly Gods and Half-step Divine King Realm experts who had been resting in their last years were all tempted by the pill. The Immortal Grade Pill might be the key in helping them achieve a breakthrough.
A pill that could help to prolong their life was incomparable to Divine Origin Stones or any Divine Tools or treasures. Especially when a person has already arrived at the end of his age, prolonging their life was their only hope.
Jiang Chen was impressed by Zi Luo’s marketing skill. Within three days of time, the news about the Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pill at the Gathering Destiny Square was spread across everywehre. There were even some people who were from cities thousands of miles away coming here to fight for the Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pill.
“Unexpectedly, while Jiang Chen is still the limelight of being the unparalleled demon king, there are such terrifying medicinal pills appearing at the Ancient Dragon City. These pills would certainly drive those old Heavenly God Realm experts crazy.”
“What you said is right. I am afraid the competition would be extraordinarily intense with so many people qualified to compete to get the Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pill. Since Ancient Dragon City is the largest city in the entire Linhe Boundary, there are countless experts here. I wouldn’t be surprised if there are Divine King experts coming here for the auction.”
“Hahaha, I guess it would be very interesting. There are more and more experts coming into the Ancient Dragon City now. Even the experts of the Hundred Sect Alliance have also come here. I am really looking forward to the event. I guess there would be an intense battle betweens the elites.”
“I guess Jiang Chen, who is just a small potato, would not have such perseverance. I don’t care about whether he lives or dies, I am more concerned about the Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pill.”
Many people were coming towards the Ancient Dragon City from all different places because there had been too many things going on in the Ancient Dragon City. Many experts came because of its popularity. Heavenly God Realm experts became as many as the furs on the cow. Ancient Dragon City might be flooded by people very soon.
The Eastern City was the liveliest place in Ancient Dragon City because Gathering Destiny Square was situated there. Both independent cultivators and disciples from different sects gathered there. The number of people at the Gathering Destiny Square had come to its highest now.
On the other hand, Jiang Chen did not just relax himself. During daytime, he really stayed quietly and rested at Zi Luo’s room in Gathering Destiny Square. However, at night, he had been out for three times and had killed twelve Early Heavenly God Realm sect elders. This had attracted public attention in Ancient Dragon City and the death of the twelve Heavenly Gods had alarmed the Hundred Sect Alliance. This also proved that Jiang Chen had not left Ancient Dragon City yet, he was still here.
Although many experts had been killed, they were all people of the Hundred Sect Alliance. People who never joined the Hundred Sect Alliance were not worried at all.
Jiang Chen’s mad killing had really provoked the Hundred Sect Alliance. Meng Fanpeng had led the top ten experts to catch Jiang Chen yet they always failed to find him. When they made strikes against Jiang Chen, Jiang Chen would immediately flee into the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda, making his existence untraceable!
When Jiang Chen took action to kill someone, his skill and ways of attacking were sharp and quick. Moreover, he never chose to fight against experts who were above Mid Heavenly God Realm. If his opponents were indeed so, he might need to take more time to kill them. Jiang Chen was not afraid at all, but if he was under the joint attack of a few opponents, it would be difficult for him to leave the battle. Since he had experienced something similar with Meng Fanpeng and the others, he would never put himself in such danger again.
Jiang Chen’s action was extremely smart, and the Hundred Sect Alliance was startled. Moreover, Jiang Chen chose to kill those who were outside of the Ancient Dragon City to avoid any clashes with the three thousand experts inside the city. These three thousand experts were all Heavenly God Realm experts, so Jiang Chen hadn’t dared to simply kill anyone inside the city. Otherwise, he might just have to pay the price of his own action.
As long as he did not kill anyone inside Ancient Dragon City, Ancient Dragon City’s people who had always stood neutrally would never go against him. The Hundred Sect Alliance would not dare to cross the boundary and take action against Jiang Chen as well due to Ancient Dragon City’s overbearing manner.
“Bastard Jiang Chen. Unexpectedly, Jiang Chen still dares to stay here. Once all the elders from the different sects gather together after the auction, I am going to find him out and kill him. Humph.”
Meng Fanpeng looked at the dark sky and murmured. Jiang Chen would leave his own name after killing any experts. Jiang Chen was truly mocking the Hundred Sect Alliance. All of the disciples from the Hundred Sect Alliance who were under the Heavenly God Realm were living in fear right now.
Jiang Chen was like a phantom at night as he kept appearing and slaughtering people. Everytime he appeared, he would give those experts of the Hundred Sect Alliance who came to Ancient Dragon City a heavy hit. Within three days of time, he had already killed three groups of people. Although it was just a piece of cake for him, he had actually left Meng Fanpeng and the Hundred Sect Alliance in shock. Their anger was completely aroused.
Jiang Chen’s unceasing killing had brought a sense of mystery to Ancient Dragon City. Jiang Chen was haunting everyone in the city, and no one could find him. The Hundred Sect Alliance’s dignity had already been greatly challenged by Jiang Chen. It was extremely challenging to catch him, despite Meng Fanpeng’s leadership.
“The game has just started.”
Jiang Chen looked at the shining star in the sky with ruthless eyes, and even his blood was cold. However, his sword was burning in heat and he was going to use the blood of the Hundred Sect Alliance to nurture his Heavenly Dragon Sword.
Three days later, Ancient Dragon City was overcrowded. Especially in Eastern City, Gathering Destiny Square was filled with hundreds and thousands of people. There were all experts who come for the Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pill.
Without exception, Meng Fanpeng was also present after looking for Jiang Chen outside the city. He immediately came back as he really wanted to get the Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pill as well.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2451 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2452


Chapter 2452
New Method of Auction
Gathering Destiny Square was the biggest winner this time because the ticket to enter the auction had gone up to five times more expensive than it usually was. It had become priceless now as the tickets were limited. At the end, there were many people who weren’t able to enter because quite many high-ranking experts of Ancient Dragon City bought the tickets, making the tickets sold out. The auction house had gained high profits this time by selling the entrance tickets.
This auction was the one that gained the highest profits in history. The Imperial Guard Vice-Commandant of Ancient Dragon City also came to witness the auction and he only had one goal, which was getting Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pill.
There were a hundred thousand people at the auction house and it was estimated that half of them were Heavenly God Realm experts. These visitors all came from different places and were now gathered at Gathering Destiny Square.
Meanwhile, it was extremely quiet on the other auction houses. Zi Luo was really thrilled right now.
The Immortal Grade Medicinal Pill had really attracted many people and many Heavenly God Realm experts were unable to suppress their desire anymore, obviously because the item was a supreme Immortal Grade Pill that could expand life span. However, when a thing is scarce, it is precious. Only a few people could obtain it.
An hour before the auction started, everyone was impatient about the time. More than twenty auction items were sold, yet the prices were not very high because people were looking forward to the last batch of auction items which was the Immortal Grade Pill.
All the participants waited patiently while looking at those auction items. Finally, Zi Luo brought a colourful brocade box and walked up on the stage. Although she looked immortally beautiful and graceful, her physique was unable to attract the experts there because all of them were only concerned about the Immortal Grade Pill.
Experts never lacked beauties beside them and women were only ranked number two in their eyes. Cultivation realm was always their priority because if their strength was weak, they would only be a stepping stone for others. This world was ruled by the law of the jungle, so they could only become stronger and stronger to avoid being defeated.
“Hello, everyone. I am Zi Luo. The last piece of auction item we have tonight is Immortal Grade Medicinal Pills. I think you guys have already been well-aware of the effect and benefits of the Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pill. Even though you might not be guaranteed to obtain it, you still have the chance to get it by coming here. If we only have one of such pill, the competition might be unimaginably intense.”
It’s not just one piece of Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pill. This had made everyone become more confident in getting it.
“There are more than one piece? Great. Hahaha. I would have the chance to get it.”
“Not bad. Seems like we have not wasted our time to come here. If there was only one piece of Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pill, the competition would be quite tragic. But if there are more than one, we would have a greater chance.”
“This Gathering Destiny Square really knows how to operate their business. Five pieces of Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pill is such exciting news. I am afraid everyone here would be even more excited.”
Looking at the excited crowd under the stage, Li Luo’s smile was even brighter now.
“We are going to use an unprecedented way to start our auction this time. We are going to sell the first piece of Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pill. Whoever bids the highest price would get the Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pill. Moreover, the bidder who could give the highest price can buy up to five pieces of Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pill in the same price. Each of the Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pill has the same value. We have five Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pills, and the final winner has the chance to get all of them.”
With this new method of auction, Zi Luo pushed the value of Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pill to its highest level. A true expert would definitely buy all of the five Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pill. By doing this, it would not devalue the second piece. It’s a dreadful method of auction and a big challenge for the bidders.
“No businessman trades without fraud. Zi Luo really knows how to do her business.”
“Yea, Miss Zi Luo is unparalleled. Haha. I really admire you. Such a new method of auction, I have never heard of it. But it becomes more exciting now. Let’s see who has the capability to get all the five Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pills.
More than a hundred people were full of confidence and they can’t wait to compete for the Immortal Pills. In fact, many of the Heavenly God experts were only here to have a look as they were not capable of participating in the auction. Those Early Heavenly God experts did not have such demand, wealth and capability.
“Such a smart lady.”
At the corner, Jiang Chen smiled faintly and he could not help but give a thumbs up to Zi Luo. In order to avoid any reduction in price, she came out with such an unprecedented way of auction. It would be a win-win situation. Those who intended to get a cheap bargain would not have such a chance now.
“The Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pills will stir up a storm at Ancient Dragon City very soon.”
A middle-aged man who possessed an overbearing aura said solemnly. He had a full set of silver armour on his body that attracted many people’s attention. Everyone showed him respect. He was the Imperial Guard Vice-Commandant of Ancient Dragon City, Guan Sheng. His cultivation realm was extremely terrifying as he was a Half-step Divine King. He was also quite popular in the entire Linhe Boundary.
“You’re right. However, I will be the one to get the Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pills. I must get it. Commandant Guan, seems like it’s not a must for you to get it, am I right?”
Another white-haired old man said while chuckling. He was also an elder in Ancient Dragon City. Three hundred years ago, there was such an expert in Linhe Boundary. But then he suddenly chose to live in seclusion all of a sudden. Now his cultivation realm had also reached Half-step Divine King Realm.
“Do you mean you have almost come to the end of your life? So you desperately joined the auction. Hahaha, whoever has the money is the boss.”
Beside the old man, there was another thin old man said while smiling cunningly. He was also one of the best experts in Ancient Dragon City. Even the Imperial Guard Vice-Commandant of Ancient Dragon City, Guan Sheng, treated him respectfully.
It was said that he was a disciple of Ghost Eye Sect that betrayed his own sect in the past. However, over the thousand years, Ghost Eye Sect never said anything regarding this man and slowly he had been forgotten. In the past, he was very notorious as he used to kill hundreds and thousands of human cultivators. Who would go against a cruel killer like him?
His hand was filled with blood and he only entered Ancient Dragon City to avoid his enemies.
“It seems like there are quite a lot of people going to bid for the Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pills.”
Meng Fanpeng said with a faint smile. His arrival had made many of them tense up.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2452 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2453


Intense Competition
Meng Fanpeng was backed by Clear Stream Sect, and Clear Stream Sect was the number 1 sect in the entire Linhe Boundary. There was no other sect or school greater than Clear Stream Sect. It was undeniable that even Ghost Eye Sect and Divine Pill Sect were only number two and three. The Sect Lord of Clear Stream Sect is a Divine King. It’s believed that there were three Divine Kings in the Divine Pill Sect, but no one knew if this was true or false. Ancient Dragon City also showed great respect to the Clear Stream Sect.
“Is he Elder Meng? Hehe. I haven’t seen you in a hundred years but you still look very fit.”
Guan Sheng smiled and said.
“Not really. I am old now and useless. That’s why I am here to compete for the Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pill.”
Meng Fanpeng squinted his eyes and said.
“I am also very concerned about getting the pill. Elder Meng, can you show some compassion to us.”
Ghost Eye Sect’s Li Tianhuo said faintly. Everyone had their own desire and plan. None of them present here today wanted to miss out their chance to get the Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pill. Jiang Chengzi of Divine Pill Sect was also waiting and eyeing the pill. If the price was reasonable, he would spring into action and bid as well.
The Immortal Grade Medicinal Pill was different from a Supreme Grade Medicinal Pill, and its value was extraordinarily high. Immortal Grade Medicinal Pills were not common at all even in Divine Pill Sect. After all, the failure rate of concocting such pills was very high. Sometimes, the price and effort an elder paid to concoct an Immortal Grade Medicinal Pill was more than hundreds of thousands of High Grade Divine Origin Stones.
Zi Luo smiled and said, “Alright. Everyone, please stay calm. I have another announcement to make. If any one of you could take out Supreme Grade Divine Origin Stones of the same value, his bid would be prioritised. This is the seller’s request.
Her words created an uproar amongst the people because the seller most probably was a Divine King expert. The Supreme Grade Divine Origin Stone was necessary for Divine King cultivators. This seller was able to offer five Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pills which only proved that his background and strength was unpredictably formidable. Even the old ancestor from Divine Pill Sect might not be able to do this.
“The seller must be very strong but chose not to reveal himself.”
“You’re right. It’s useless for those ordinary Heavenly God Realm experts to have Supreme Grade Divine Origin Stones. They can’t absorb the essence inside.”
“No matter who is the seller behind, it’s our Ancient Dragon City’s luck to have someone sell five Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pills. Haha.”
Many of the old people were very content with the auction. They really wanted to get at least a Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pill to prolong their life and create a miracle. After all, only by staying alive could they have hope.
“I am going to announce the start of the auction. The starting price is fifty thousand High Grade Divine Origin Stones! Each time, one should bid at least more than ten thousand High Grade Divine Origin Stones.”
Following Zi Luo’s words, everyone took a deep breath because many already had to give up as they could not even afford the starting price. Fifty thousand High Grade Divine Origin Stones was not a price the ordinary Heavenly God Realm experts could afford.
Only those extremely rich or descendants from the major sects could afford this with their massive wealth.
“51,000!”
“52,000!”
“55,000!”
“57,000 High Grade Divine Origin Stones.”
“I bid fifty eight thousand.”
Although many people couldn’t afford the starting price, there are still a few hundred people trying hard to bid to get the Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pill.”
“67,000!”
“70,000.”
“72,000!”
There are more and more people bidding. Following the rising price of the Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pill, everyone started getting anxious while Jiang Chen looked at the scene without blinking. He really wanted to know how much his Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pill was worth. At least, right now everyone was getting crazy.
“75,000!”
“77,000!”
“80,000.”
Within five minutes, the price of the Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pill rose to more than eighty thousand. It was an increment of thirty thousand High Grade Divine Origin Stones. It was quite terrifying. People who were looking for the show just for pleasure started feeling nervous and excited. They wanted to see a crazier price. Tonight, the entire Gathering Destiny Square would be the center of the public’s attention.
“90,000!”
At this moment, Meng Fanpeng joined the bid as well. Ninety thousand was not a low price, it was just a start for those elders.
“95,000!”
Bodhi Wang Zhiyuan started competing with Meng Fanpeng immediately and he added five thousand which gave Meng Fanpeng enough face.
“Seems like the price is not high enough.”
Li Tianhuo smiled and said.
“100,000!”
“105,000!”
Mo Qiancheng said in a low voice and joined the competition silently. To these elders, the Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pill could be considered as an extraordinarily great Immortal Grade Pill. How could they let such a great thing fall into others’ hands? Of course, they wanted to possess the pill by themselves.
“110,000!”
Meng Fanpeng continued to increase his bid.
“120,000.”
Bodhi Wang Zhiyuan added ten thousand this time.
“130,000.”
Li Tianhuo said.
“140,000!”
Mo Qiancheng said.
“Woah, you guys have become more and more awesome. Are you guys going to push the price to its highest? Hehe.”
Guan Sheng laughed and said while remaining calm. He still had not called out his bid.
“150,000!”
Meng Fanpeng looked incomparably solemn as this price had almost reached his limit. His total wealth was only around two hundred thousand. It seemed like he was going to go broke just to get the Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pill
“155,000!”
This was an intense competition between Li Tianhuo and Meng Fanpeng. As they were the main figures in the Hundred Sect Alliance, that was why their competition was intense.
“Li Tianhuo, do you really want to compete with me?”
Meng Fanpeng looked at Li Tianhuo and asked while his eyes carried a sense of ruthlessness.
“So what? I also want the Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pill, why couldn’t I fight for it? Elder Meng, do you not think that I will show respect to the elders who care for the young? Do you really think that I will give the Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pill away? My last day is not too far away, that is why the Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pill is significant to me.”
Li Tianhuo shrugged and said while his face looked extremely calm. In the face of Meng Fanpeng’s question, he was not afraid at all. Although Clear Stream Sect was slightly more powerful than Ghost Eye Sect, it was not to the point that Clear Stream Sect could disdain Ghost Eye Sect. Li Tianhuo was not afraid of Meng Fanpeng at all.
At this moment, Jiang Chen was thrilled by this scene. He was the biggest winner here. Their desire for the Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pill was beyond what he had expected!
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2453 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2454


It is For You
The price of Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pill had risen relentlessly. It was even beyond the expectations of the people there. It was sold with an inconceivably high price, but it was merely a Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pill.
Jiang Chen observed this silently. He was the happiest among them. These five Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pills would definitely become his assurance to rise. After he successfully obtained the Divine Origin Stones, he could break through to the Half-step Heavenly God Realm. It would be a great time for him to deal with the Hundred Sect Alliance, and he was bound to turn the whole Linhe Boundary into an uproar. No one could restrain him as he was Jiang Chen!
Zi Luo was extremely happy. The Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pill was unique, rare and precious. Although the pills were not of the highest grade, this was one of a kind by itself. Even Jiang Cheng Zi from Divine Pill Sect was vitally concerned as it could help prolong one’s life.
What does ten years of life actually mean? Only those whose lifetime had reached its end could understand. Every year, month and day, they’re suffering, thinking of their death. As one would know the moment when one’s life was already coming to an end and that would be the most unbearable torment. The Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pill was the best medicine among all the other medicinal pills, it’s incomparably precious and valuable.
Jiang Chen swallowed the Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pill like sweet beans that he used to eat. The auction venue was bustling with noise and had become chaotic at this moment.
Meng Fanpeng and Li Tianhuo jacked up the price to one hundred and eighty five thousand. They still refused to compromise nor give up. Even if they were about to reach their limit, their profound longing for the Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pill was indescribable and they were desperate to get it.
“190,000!”
The audience burst into an uproar.
Even Jiang Chengzi from Divine Pill Sect had joined the fray, striving for the pill. Only Jiang Chengzi knew that the Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pill was terrifying and dangerous. Even in Divine Pill Sect, there were no other medicinal pills that could be comparable to a pill that could prolong one’s life to ten years. Consequently, Jiang Chengzi affirmed the value of the elixir, and everyone was scrambling over to get it.
“Jiang Chengzi, it seems like those medicinal pills produced by the Divine Pill Sect is insufficient for you.”
Li Tianhuo said in a strange voice laced with irony. Following the increase of the people who joined the auction, their pressure was growing larger. It was extremely terrifying if one of them joined the fray.
“200,100!”
Meng Fanpeng said and gritted his teeth. This was probably the highest price he could afford. This was his entire wealth, any higher and he cannot afford it anymore. At this moment, Li Tianhuo’s eyes darkened as 200,000 was also his limit. He could pay for 2,000 more but he also knew that he would have no chance to get it even if he did so. And this amount would definitely make him ridiculously broke. Li Tianhuo heaved a deep sigh and decided to withdraw from the auction.
“200,500!”
Jiang Chengzi said lightly, but his palms were already sweating. Even if Divine Pill Sect was fairly well-off and he was comparatively wealthy, it only allowed him to raise the price for not more than twice. The entire auction venue was rising up in an uproar and the crowd went wild. 200,000 was the upper limit and there was nothing that would cost this whopping price. The amount to purchase this pill could possibly be enough for the small sect to survive for another ten years.
“210,000.”
Meng Fanpeng said.
“Brother Jiang, I hope you will do the honor of giving me the pill?”
“I am sorry, brother Meng. It is myself who is desperate to get this Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pill so I couldn’t surrender it to you. But even if I do so, you should ask for the vice president’s permission.
Jiang Chengzi said in a deep voice. Meng Fanpeng realized that the situation had far exceeded his ability now. 200,000 was the limit and he could barely afford it.
“Haha. There is a reason for what Jiang Chengzi said. It was crucial to our survival. I think no one could compromise and hold back. 215,000!”
Mo Qiancheng smiled softly and raised the price once again. He looked very dignified at this moment. Although he looked confident, he already broke out a cold sweat in his heart and wished the others could give up. However, It went contrary to his expectation. Not everyone would give face to him.
“220,000. I must get this Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pill!”
Bodhi Wang Zhiyuan said in an arrogant voice. It seemed like he’s breathing confidently.
Jiang Chengzi sighed and shook his head. He was forced to withdraw from the auction as no one here was easy to deal with.
“225,000”
Mo Qiancheng followed Wang Zhiyuan.
“I am full of excitement now. It has reached 200,000. It seems like these immortal pills are really precious and rare treasure.”
“I feel out of breath even just imagining that the price will still continue to climb up as all of the masters are unremittingly pursuing for the Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pill.”
“No one was happier than the auctioneer and the audience. It’s really entertaining.”
The Half-step Heavenly Gods were truly excited even without the capability to join the auction. They were even overwhelmed from just watching the price of the pill continue to rise rapidly.
“It is above my expectation. It seems like I will be laughing all the way to the bank this time.”
Jiang Chen was beaming with joy and this was one of his happiest moments. After the auction, he might need to drop by to Profound Feng Sect.
“230,000!”
Wang Zhiyuan was unwilling to give up so he raised the price again. Mo Qiancheng remained silent this time. One of the Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pill was worth 230,000. It made everyone feel impressed and shocked.
“You on. You got it. Wang Zhiyuan.”
Mo Qiancheng grunted and decided to give up.
“Hahaha.”
Wang Zhiyuan could not stop laughing until a deep voice that shouted out the price had shaken the crowd.
“250,000!”
“Vice commandant……”
“I am favorably interested in this Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pill. Is there anyone who is willing to pay higher than 250,000?”
Guan Sheng said calmly. The price shocked the crowd as no one could pay higher than that. And this time, Guan Sheng’s face lit up with a smile. In the entire Ancient Dragon City, his reputation was still untarnished as he was the vice commandant who led three thousand soldiers. Everyone would definitely show him some respect.
Guan Sheng was not overwhelmed by the prices but instead set the price higher. Was there anyone who doubted the financial strength of the vice commandant?
“Vice commandant is so domineering. Haha.”
“That’s right. Vice commandant, I think that pill is really for you.”
All of them flattered the vice commandant. He broke the ceiling of the Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pill’s price and it was true that no one could come up to his standard.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2454 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2455


Azure Cloud Boundary, Wutong Mountain
“Don’t worry, I only want two of them. You guys still have a chance of getting the rest. Haha.”
Guan Sheng said with a smile.
“Vice Commandant is still generous. 250,000 High Divine Origin Stones, you really impressed me.”
Zi Luo smiled softly and said. She bit her beautiful red lips and looked charming.
“300,000!”
When Zi Luo was going to knock down the hammer and end the bidding, there was a deep voice ringing through the auction venue. Everyone at the venue erected their backs and breathed rapidly. 300,000 was truly a whopping price. The only reason for increasing the price by 50,000 earlier was to keep back the other rivals from getting it. Even Guan Sheng looked serious and watched silently at the mysterious man in black robes who was standing far. He was covered with black clothes and his face was barely seen. But he can feel that the aura was not weaker than himself.
“Beyond mountains there are more higher mountains.”
Guan Sheng murmured and a cold breath flickered across his mouth.
Zi Luo was startled and had a shock in her heart. 300,000 was really incredibly overpriced. Even if the Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pill was rare and precious, this sky high bidding price was breathtaking and overwhelming.
“300,000. Who is the guy exactly?”
Meng Fanpeng and the others were astonished. This guy could pay for 300,000 at once and not even pay any attention to the Vice Commandant. The man’s identity was strangely weird and mysteriously.
“300,000 High Grade Divine Origin Stones. Are there any higher bids?”
Zi Luo asked softly and there was a thrill of joy in her eyes.
“Since there is no one who can pay higher than this, then I am going to knock down the hammer and close the bidding. Going once, going twice, sold for 300,000!”
When the hammer was knocked down, the whole venue broke into a sea of shouting.
“How many Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pills do you want?”
“Three pills will be enough. This is 90 Supreme Grade Divine Origin Stones.”
The guy in black robes took a big step, flew up and landed on the stage. He handed over the 90 Supreme Grade Divine Origin Stones to Zi Luo.
Zi Luo was slightly startled. She took out three of the Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pills and handed them to the black-clothed guy. He accepted the pills, turned away and disappeared from the stage immediately. His movement was as quick as lighting. He approached without casting a shadow and left without leaving a trace.
“It is a terrifying aura.”
Guan Sheng and Wang Zhiyuan glanced at each other and they looked serious. The power of the black-clothed man was incredible and it made everyone feel shocked. It was unbelievable that he came and went mysteriously leaving a trace.
Jiang Chen looked at the 90 Supreme Grade Divine Origin Stones with his dazzling eyes and he was extremely excited. He could exert his Little Ashura Sword Formation freely this time. Under the sword formation, he’d be unbeatable and unparalleled.
“There are two pills left. If all you here do not have any opinion, I will take it.”
Guan Sheng said in a deep voice. It was not important if someone had stolen his thunder, the most important was that two of the Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pills were left. At least he did not come here in vain. The audiences had no objection and Guan Sheng breathed a sigh of relief as no one was scrambling for the pills now.
“I announce, the other two Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pills belong to the Vice Commandant now.”
After Zi Luo finished her words, some of them felt disappointed seeing that the two Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pills were finally owned by Guan Sheng. Meng Fanpeng and others were gloomy and in despair. But who should be blamed?
A spectacular and astounding auction had come to its end. Guan Sheng and the black-clothed man had obtained what they desired to get. But the ultimate winner was Jiang Chen.
Zi Luo handed over all the Divine Origin Stones to Jiang Chen. She knew that this guy planned for another long journey.
“Thank you very much, Zi Luo.”
In the whole Ancient Dragon city, she was the only one Jiang Chen trusted completely.
“Take good care of yourself, staying alive is more important than anything else.”
Zi Luo waved at Jiang Chen while Jiang Chen smiled lightly and turned away. Zi Luo still looked confused and lost. It seemed that fate would bring a storm to Linhe Boundary soon through the devil incarnate, and this battle was inevitable and inescapable.
The Hundred Sect Alliance was growing stronger and there were more than five hundred strong Heavenly God Realm experts searching and hunting all over the place for Jiang Chen. Nevertheless, even though the entire Ancient Dragon City was turned upside down, no footprint of Jiang Chen has been found.
In the noiseless and desolate low barren hills, where only the caws of crows could be heard. Under the ground, Jiang Chen was consuming the Supreme Grade Divine Origin Stones calmly. With the continuous absorption of the energy of the Divine Origin Stones,the dragon marks in his body became more and more numerous. Jiang Chen was ready to break through the Heavenly God Realm this time.
His power was the most important to him now. Only if he could break through the Heavenly God Realm, could he survive. His opponent was ten times or even a hundred times stronger than him after all. Even just a few of the very strong Heavenly Gods could knock him down easily. If he got into a fight with the entire Hundred Sect Alliance, it was nothing different but digging his grave.
Azure Cloud Boundary was full of fairy mountains, green hills and clean waters, and hundred miles of rivers. This was the closest region to Linhe Boundary, but it was much stronger than Linhe Boundary and there were more powerful people gathered here.
The flowers were in full bloom, and hundreds of animals were flying around freely. This was a beautiful and incredible view.
Above the Wutong Mountain, there was a black shadow holding an iron rod, standing on the peak of the mountain. He was holding a Dogtail Grass between his lips, looking at the sky with some disdain.
“Old Phoenix, it seems like you still want to fight.”
“Do you think that you could defeat me? Have you won once after fighting with me for 37 times? You would have died if I did not spare your life.”
A middle-aged man with a colorful phoenix crown above his head said in disdain, he stood proudly and stared coldly at the dark shadow in the distance.
“You didn’t kill me, but I am going to kill you. The colorful phoenix crown above your head looks good, I am gonna grab it and have a look.”
The dark shadow said with a smile. He was aggressive and belligerent. His real identity was Dragon Shisan.
“You’ve truly disparaged the name of the Demon race. I think I should teach you a lesson. It seems like the Divine Macaque Clan had completely fallen.”
Feng Wutian shouted in a deep voice and his eyes looked gloomy and cold. He let Dragon Shisan off for over ten times but Dragon Shisan still provoked him aggressively. If he was not a Divine Macaque clan from the Demon Race, Dragon Shisan would have died by his hand.
“You really impressed me for being defeated again and again. It seems like you have an indefensible strong heart.”
Feng Wutian admired Dragon Shisan’s strong determination. If it was any other immortal demons, they would have given up. Every time he lost to him, he was still able to challenge him again with great vigour which was really impressive. And he has seen the growth of Dragon Shisan. There was a love-hate relationship between both of them, sometimes they were friends and sometimes they were enemies. However, it was Dragon Shisan’s ultimate mission to fight till the end.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2455 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2456


Chapter 2456
No, there’s still a dog
“Let’s see whether you have what it takes. Hehe.” Feng Wutian said coldly as he stared at Dragon Shisan.
This fella is like an unkillable cockroach. The number of times they have sparred was getting numerous.The current Shisan was already at the Early Heavenly God Realm, and with this, even a Late Heavenly God would lose an arm or two if he goes all out.
“I will let you experience my might this time.” Dragon Shisan said as his lips curved into a cold smile.
He then swung his iron staff with explosive strength, decimating the plum forest within ten li.
Dragon Shisan sneered. He’s not planning to hold back this time. He had gained a great understanding of Feng Wutian after battling him more than 30 times, his real-time battle experience also got better. Even though his cultivation realm did not increase much, his fighting power was getting stronger.
Feng Wutian instantly released his qi which was as firm as a mountain. He then calmly intercepted Shisan’s attacks, slightly overpowering him. But he wasn’t looking down on his opponent. After all, Shisan’s staff was terrifying, it could sever the heavens, devastate the earth, and shred the void.
Dragon Shisan’s figure was like a blade that shone brightly. He launched a barrage of attacks with his staff to Feng Wutian. The sound of metal clashing against one another could be heard reverberating through the clouds, through the mountains, reaching across a thousand Li away, any wandering demonic beast that was unfortunately caught in Shisan’s staff will surely become dead instantly.
Feng Wutian’s aura was domineering. His palm was lightning fast, his fist was like the wind as he continued to clash against Shisan’s staff. Each of the blows could pummell and tremble one’s heart. Shisan kept on pressuring without stopping, whereas Feng Wutian kept on retreating. However, it did not look like he was losing, but he was instead getting fiercer by the second, slowly overpowering Shisan.
“I refuse to believe that I’ll lose against you every single time.” Dragon Shisan roared furiously as he entered into berserk.
This was his first entering the berserker mode. For him, this was his first time being on-par against Feng Wutian, it may be the best time to defeat him. Shisan has lost 30 over matches against him, but he’s one to never give up, he becomes stronger after every match.
“This is… you’re not a clan member of the Divine Monkeys? You’re a Battle Saint Ape?” Feng Wutian’s pupil contracted and his expression changed.
He always thought Dragon Shisan was a divine monkey, yet it turns out he’s one of the ancient demonic beasts—the Battle Saint Ape. A much more powerful monkey than the royalties of the divine monkey clan.
“I don’t think I’ve ever said that I’m a clan member of the divine monkey.” Dragon Shisan smirked.
Terrifying energy exploded from his body, he had the strength of a Late Heavenly God just from his body alone. A terrifying foe indeed… forcing Feng Wutian to become serious.
Feng Wutian retreated under the Dragon Shisan’s berserk mode. Feng Wutian’s fist changed into a featherand clashed against Dragon Shisan’s peerless staff. Shisan was unstoppable, Feng Wutian was in a shock after endureing his violent attacks.
“Eat my staff!” Dragon Shisan roared as he swung down his staff with his mighty body.
Feng Wutian’s expression became serious as he continuously threw out sharp feathers. Shisan’s battle intent was off the chart as he rushed towards him and blocking all the attacks without fear, even the mountain was shaking from his strikes.
Shisan finally gained the upper hand with his violent momentum. Meanwhile, the surrounding beasts were trembling in fear from Shisan’s violent aura. The aura he emitted was the aura of an emperor, a king. Those lower levelled demonic beasts even felt like kneeling down.
The current Dragon Shisan was only at the Heavenly God Realm but his dominating aura of his managed to make countless demonic beasts suffocate.
Feng Wutian’s calculation was wrong as he was pushed back by Shisan. Shisan smirked as his iron staff managed to land on Wutian’s shoulder.
“You won.” Feng Wutian said palely.
“Hahaha, Old Phoenix, looks like this is all you amount to. But I didn’t win fair and square. I may not beat you if you fight in your true form.” Dragon Shisan looked at him with his fiery eyes.
“There’s no need for me to use my true form against a youngin. How can I lead the beasts of the Wutong Mountain if I do that?” Feng Wutian smiled, not feeling sad.
“Battle Saint Ape! To think you’re a Battle Saint Ape, it’ll be our demon race’s fortune if you’re able to grow.”
“Wait for me. Next time I’ll let you know that I can beat you without using my true body!”
Dragon Shisan and Feng Wutian looked at each other, as a sense of appreciation against one another grew in their heart.
“I hope I can wait for that day to come.” Feng Wutian laughed happily.
“We shall spar again in the future.”
Dragon Shisan was preparing to leave but was halted by Feng Wutian.
“I have news of him.”
Shisan stopped after hearing Feng Wutian’s words.
“Where?”
Dragon Shisan’s breath stopped as his expression became serious.
“Linhe Boundary, Ancient Dragon City.” Feng Wutian said.
“His situation now is pretty worrying.” Feng Wutian added quietly.
Shisan immediately turned back and his eyes were filled with murderous intent, causing Fengtian to shiver. This fella’s eyes are scary!
“Who?”
“Not who, but the whole Linhe Boundary. There’s an alliance of a hundred sects, just for the sake of killing him.”
“Hahaha, it’s my brother alright. Little Chen, you little fella never stop. To think you would offend the whole Linhe Boundary.” Dragon Shisan laughed.
“Very well then, I shall accompany you in battle, even if the whole world stands against you, at least you have me. No, there’s still a dog. Hahaha.”
Dragon Shisan instantly flew towards the sky, rushing straight towards Linhe Boundary!
“Many thanks.” Dragon Shisan said.
Feng Wutian was slightly stunned as this was his first time saying the word thanks.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2456 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2457


Chapter 2457
The Big and the little bastard
3rd of the week!
Do support us in Patreon if you are able to, so that we can continue translating the novel for you! 🙂
“Haih, we’ve been travelling for half a month, but we hadn’t even found jacksh*t. Can we really find Jiang Chen? He would’ve found a place to hide if he’s not stupid.”
“Yeah. A bird’s nest is about to grow in my mouth if we keep on looking.”
“This Jiang Chen is probably hiding somewhere. With our Mid Heavenly God Senior Wang, he will certainly run far away even if he sees us.”
“You’re right. Senior Wang is our Tiger Leap School’s pillar. Senior Wang is the strongest elder except for our sect lord. The First Elder and Second Elder were only empty titles, without any strength to support it. They could never measure up against Senior Wang.”
Four middle-aged men chatting away happily while serving the Third Elder with respect. The Tiger Leap School was one of the bigger sects in the Linhe Boundary, they were amongst the top 30 but they’re nothing compared to the top sects like the Divine Pill Sect.
“Low-key… we’re here to catch Jiang Chen, as a mid-tier sect of the Hundred Sect Alliance, we cannot treat this lightly. If we manage to kill Jiang Chen, our Tiger Leap School’s name will surely reach the whole Linhe Boundary. By then, even the powerful sects like the Clear Stream Sect and Divine Pill Sect will give us our due respect.” Wang Bodan said in a serious demeanour while caressing his long beard with a calm smile.
“The Third Elder is right, we shall follow your teaching.” The four of them said with a smile.
The five of them were all Heavenly God Realm experts, with Wang Bodan as their leader. As long as there aren’t any super experts, they could certainly do whatever they want within the Linhe Boundary, and Jiang Chen was just a True God kid, there was nothing for them to worry about.
“I think that kid’s fame is blown out of proportion. After the Hundred Sect Alliance’s establishment, has anyone spotted that kid? He’s done nothing but surprise attacks on several Early Heavenly Gods. To say that he’s killed a hundred or so Heavenly God experts and thousands of disciples, that’s preposterous. I refuse to believe it.”
“Seventh Elder is right. The whole Linhe Boundary has blown Jiang Chen’s name out of proportion. They even say that the four realm guardians and Clear Stream Sect’s Meng Fanpeng almost got lethally injured. They’re Half-Step Divine Kings, experts that are much more powerful than our sect lord. Do those fellas really think that a True God kid was that powerful? They’re obviously fooled by him. He’ll die instantly if I meet him.”
“Ain’t that right. That fella better not bump into our Tiger Leap School’s guys. Otherwise, he’ll certainly die. Hehehe.”
The five elders of the Tiger Leap School said mockingly. In this thousand li barren mountains, would there be anyone around?
*Rumble!*
A loud rumble could be heard, Wang Bodan and the others immediately straightened up.
“There’s movement, let’s check it out before we leave.” Wang Bodan said as he gazed towards a certain location ten Li away.
They then arrived at the place where the explosion occurred.
“Who are you? To practice in this barren and isolated land. This is somewhat weird.” Wang Bodan shouted with vigour, his voice reverberated through the clouds.
Jiang Chen was floating in the sky with a smirk on his face.
“Is this your home? Why should I ask for your permission on where I should cultivate?”
“Boy, are you purposely looking for trouble? Do you know who we are?”
“You dare challenge our Tiger Leap School? Looks like you’re itching to die. This is our Tiger Leap School’s Third Elder, Wang Bodan.”
The Fifth and Sixth Elder said in anger as they stared at Jiang Chen. This little bastard is looking to die.
“Bastard? This name is pretty good. Hahaha. Are you guys from the Hundred Sect Alliance?” Jiang Chen laughed.
“You dare speak discourteously even after knowing who we are. Asshole, you dare badmouth our Third Elder. You should be sentenced to death! I, Xiao Wangdan, will surely crush your bones.”
Wang Bodan glared at the Fifth Elder. His name was definitely ‘unique’. He always wondered why his parents gave him this name. Wang Bodan (Wang Bodan only a single word difference to Wang Ba Dan which means bastard). His name was made fun for quite a while, causing him to not mention his name to others for several hundred years. Yet this Fifth Elder used his name to scare someone, you really have to wonder whether he’s genuinely an idiot or acting stupid.
“An old bastard leading four young bastards, what more do you guys want? Cross the eastern sea? Be a coward for a thousand years? Hahaha.” (Wang Ba Dan = bastard = it also means tortoise) (Xiao means little/small so.. Little bastard)
Jiang Chen laughed madly, the names of these two fellas were extremely hilarious.
“You’ll die due to your arrogance. I won’t even forgive you even if you kowtowed to me.” Wang Bodan said with dominance as he faced Jiang Chen with vigour.
“You’re right because I too, will not let you go. Aren’t you guys looking for me? Now that this Lord Jiang is in front of you, don’t you want me? Hahaha.”
Jiang Chen’s eyes became sharp as he leapt up towards the sky. He’s now a Half-Step Heavenly God, these fellas were nothing to him now.
“You’re Jiang Chen?”
They were instantly shocked but at the same time excitement could be seen in their eyes. As if a prey had entered their line of sight, the happiness of a predator.
“You can’t blame us if you willingly show yourself to us. Hehe, Jiang Chen, right? Let’s see what kind of expert you are. You’re not even a Heavenly God. You dare talk smack in front of I, Xiao Wangdan? Third Elder, let me deal with him. I’ll do this alone. This will be easy.”
Xiao Wangdan took a step forward, and the ten li barren mountains shook. He’s a Peak Early Heavenly God, although he’s not some famous guy, he was still a powerful figure around the sect’s 100,000 li area.
“As you wish!”
Jiang Chen and Xiao Wangdan stared at each other, a battle was about to erupt!
“Be careful, that fella is not weak. He certainly has cards under his sleeve, to be able to force the top 3 sects to join hands and create the Hundred Sect Alliance. The things that happened in the twisted forest may be true.” Wang Bodan reminded Xiao Wangdan.
But Xiao Wangdan was extremely confident, as he was stronger than Jiang Chen in terms of cultivation realm, he could easily defeat him.
“There’s no need to use a machete to slaughter a chicken. Third Elder, watch as I catch this Jiang Chen.”
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2457 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2458


Chapter 2458
The Target of Scorn
Xiao Wangdan was confident. He took out his nine-meters long blade and slashed towards his target.
Jiang Chen clenched his fists, he’s also confident. Even if he’s only a Half-Step Heavenly God, he could easily beat down the likes of Xiao Wangdan.
A single punch clashed with Xiao Wangdan’s longsword, Jiang Chen’s invincible fist struck upon his target like a meteor as he pushed forward with the Azure Dragon’s Five Steps.
Jiang Chen overpowered Xiao Wangdan in an overbearing manner. With the Azure Dragon’s Five Steps, each and every step made Xiao Wangdan feel like the heavens was crashing down upon him, his long sword was destroyed by Jiang Chen’s single punch, making Wang Bodan and the others gasped in surprise.
“My Divine Tool!!!” Xiao Wangdan gritted his teeth, and was fuming in anger.
He did not expect Jiang Chen’s fist to be so terrifying, just like a demonic god.
Jiang Chen was unstoppable, he then threw another violent punch towards his target. No one would surely believe that a Half-Step Heavenly God was beating a Heavenly God. This was completely unheard of.
A battle with a gap in the cultivation realm, using a single punch, a single explosive punch. Xiao Wangdan couldn’t evade or block it and he fell into the hands of Jiang Chen. His long sword shattered instantly, he didn’t even have a chance to release his Heavenly God’s prestige. Wang Bodan and the others were shocked by Jiang Chen’s overbearing method.
Mountains crumbled whenever Jiang Chen punched, unstoppable, unbreakable, invincible, a single punch pierced through Xiao Wangdan’s guts and killed him.
A single punch was used to kill Xiao Wangdan, the latter didn’t even have a chance to defend himself. A terrifying fist, a demonic Jiang Chen, Xiao Wangdan couldn’t believe it even after he drew his last breath that he was this weak, to die in the hands of Jiang Chen like a baby, bursting into nothingness with just a single punch.
“Terrifying! Is this fella really just a Half-Step Heavenly God?”
“He’s like a… human weapon”
“Fifth Elder, him… haih, we’ve underestimated Jiang Chen.”
The three of them were utterly shocked. The Fifth Elder was on-par with any of them. But the explosive force from that final punch utterly shook them to the core.
Jiang Chen’s fame was accurate!
No wonder the Hundred Sect Alliance gave such a kill-order on Jiang Chen, looks like they have underestimated their Half-Step Heavenly God opponent.
“Jiang Chen, how dare you?! You killed the elder of your Tiger Leap School. I will rip your corpse to pieces!”
Although Wang Bodan was shocked, he wasn’t afraid of Jiang Chen. He had complete confidence as he was two realms higher than Jiang Chen. Although Xiao Wangdan was a Peak Early Heavenly God, a Mid Heavenly God was totally different from the former.
Therefore, Wang Bodan released his aura and qi, it was much more powerful compared to Xiao Wangdan. This time, he locked onto Jiang Chen. Jiang Chen must die, for the sake of Xiao Wangdan, the Fifth Elder, and for the sake of the other dead cultivators of the Linhe Boundary.
“The little bastard has died, now the old bastard is here to take revenge. Alright, since all of you wanted to die.” Jiang Chen sneered as he fearlessly faced Wang Bodan.
Jiang Chen did not back off even though he’s cultivation realm was weaker. Both of them stood still and stared at each other. The three elder’s expressions became serious.
“How can my Tiger Leap School stand proudly in the Linhe Boundary if you’re left alive? A bastard that should be killed by everyone. You will finally pay for your sins.” Wang Bodan said domineeringly.
He was sad for Xiao Wangdan’s death as they were friends for hundreds of years. But Jiang Chen was just too quick that he couldn’t even save Xiao Wangdan even if he wanted to and in the end, could only helplessly watch Xiao Wangdan die.
“Third Elder, the three of us are enough to kill him, there’s no need for you to act. We will avenge the Fifth Elder, his death must not be in vain, we shall catch Jiang Chen and let the Hundred Sect Alliance look up to our Tiger Leap School.”
The Fourth Elder rushed headfirst with the other three following behind him.
“Be careful, I’ll assist you if you cannot defeat him!” Wang Bodan said quietly after some deliberation.
“The three of us are enough to face Jiang Chen.” The Fourth Elder said confidently.
In his point of view, Fifth Elder Xiao Wangdan lost because he had underestimated his enemy and got caught by surprise. However, they wouldn’t fall for Jiang Chen’s trick again. The three of them will fight against him together. Three Early Heavenly Gods, how could they be afraid of a True God kid?
Jiang Chen was strong but to defeat the three of them? Impossible.
“Trash is still trash, no matter how many comes.” Jiang Chen sneered as he fought with just his pair of iron fists.
“Prepare to die!”
The Fourth Elder, wielding a pair of dragon hooks, rushed towards Jiang Chen with lethal strikes.
The other two did not dawdle, facing Jiang Chen with all their might. The combined strength of the three was even able to contend against the Third Elder.
They were not kids that could be easily frightened by Jiang Chen.
“Eat my blade!”
The trio attacked altogether as they surrounded Jiang Chen. Powerful wind pressure was brewing, Jiang Chen’s figure evaded as if he had multiplied himself. He then used his lightning fist and punched his opponents, the trio was unable to evade the punches. One versus three, however, Jiang Chen wasn’t losing out, facing them like he’s facing Xiao Wangdan.
“Three trash and one trash, it’s all the same.” Jiang Chen said coldly.
He then launched a flurry of lethal punches towards his enemy, the strength behind those punches was as strong as several dragons and beasts, completely unstoppable.
A dozen punches were launched and landed on the trio’s body, continuous bone-breaking and cracking sound could be heard. With every single punch landing the sound of bones breaking could be heard, invincible indeed.
“Die!”
Jiang Chen suddenly looked up, his eyes filled with murderous light. Wang Bodan shivered from the sight. The trio quickly retreated as their bones were utterly shattered, they lost the ability to fight anymore. But then came the final strike, a single punch pierced through them and their bodies exploded, leaving nothing behind but blood and meat splatter!
“No…!”
The trio’s pupils dilated and their expression became pale white. But in the end, they were unable to run away from Jiang Chen’s terrifying fist.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2458 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2459


Chapter 2459 Well Deserved
“Jiang Chen, you’re too vicious! You’ve killed four elders of my Tiger Leap School! Today, only one of us shall leave this place!” Wang Bodan said.
The four Elders of his school died under the hands of Jiang Chen. As one of the representatives of the Tiger Leap School within the Hundred Sect Alliance, he had a duty to fulfil the alliance’s mission. Plus, the anger he had towards Jiang Chen was now raging. Jiang Chen had killed four of his comrades in front of him, thoroughly humiliating him.
“Old fool, you’re the only one left. Are you ready to join them? You guys have been friends for hundreds of years, are you that thick-skinned to leave them?” Jiang Chen sneered as he looked at Wang Bodan coldly.
“Imaginative fool. The four of them are but Early Heavenly Gods. Do you really think you can beat me? I am two realms higher than them, what makes you think that you could beat me? Even if you’re extremely talented, what gives you the qualification to fight against me? Arrogant. I shall show you what it means to be a true expert.” Wang Bodan said proudly.
Even though he has seen Jiang Chen’s capabilities, he still did not put Jiang Chen in his eyes. He still viewed Jiang Chen as an arrogant, obnoxious fella.
“Enough chatter. Come, you’ll die in an upbeat fashion.” Jiang Chen sneered.
“You’re already dead.” Wang Bodan jumped and launched a terrifying palm strike, and he then closed the distance using wind-element footwork.
Jiang Chen’s expression slightly changed. One should know that his physical prowess was stronger than those of the same realm. And with the addition of the Dragon Transformation Art, not even a Late Heavenly God could defeat him in the contest of physical prowess. Whereby Wang Bodan chose to fight in close-quarters, wanting to teach him a good lesson.
Both of them instantly clashed, fist-against-fist, mano y mano, rock-shattering, mountain-crumbling fists pounded on each other’s bodies. Jiang Chen wasn’t afraid as he had the Profound Heavenly Armour, he could stand there without moving and Wang Bodan wouldn’t even be able to scratch him.
“F*ck off!”
Jiang Chen’s fist and kicks were lethal as the explosive force could be felt coming for his strikes. Wang Bodan did not have a chance to take a breather. As they clashed, he concentrated his mind as he faced his enemy. He finally felt pressured, those punches and kicks were like explosive rain that fell upon his body, one that was hard to evade. However, none of them could overpower the other at this moment.
Jiang Chen’s physical body alone possesses the might of a Mid Heavenly God. Even though he’s just a Half-Step Heavenly God, the purple-gold divine spark within his body was getting solid, and non-ethereal.
“Looks like I’ve really underestimated you.”
Wang Bodan’s expression became gloomy after his clash against Jiang Chen. He could not instantly kill Jiang Chen as the latter was swift and slippery. Plus he possessed an explosive strength. It doesn’t look like he’s just a Half-Step Heavenly God, Jiang Chen’s terrifying strength was totally on par against himself.
“Dragon Soar Tiger Leap!”
Wang Bodan’s footwork was like lightning. He soared through the sky and kicked nine times; it was a sharp attack, forcing Jiang Chen to evade with caution.
Jiang Chen was slightly startled but was unfazed. He then launched the Five Elements Combat Dragon Seal, causing Wang Bodan’s expression to instantly change. Wang Bodan then quickly retreated, and saw that a dragon had struck on his previous location. And even with his quick reaction, he was shocked to find out that Jiang Chen managed to injure him. At this moment, he dared not to look down on his opponent anymore.
“Your abilities… average.” Jiang Chen shook his head and attacked again.
This time, he didn’t want to give Wang Bodan any chance.
“True Dragon Palm!”
Jiang Chen raised his arm and a figure of a dragon shot down from the sky, Wang Bodan was instantly trapped by the True Dragon Palm.
“Dragon Tiger Leap, Broken Blade of the Ends of the Earth!”
Wang Bodan’s Dragon Tiger Leap was nothing to scoff at, but Jiang Chen wasn’t backing off, and instead faced his attack head-on.
“Let’s see whether you could break through my Profound Heavenly Armour.” Jiang Chen sneered.
Wang Bodan was wrapped within the True Dragon Palm and it hit his body; his Dragon Tiger Leap, meanwhile, made contact with Jiang Chen’s body but was blocked by the Profound Heavenly Armour.
As the dust settled, Jiang Chen stood there like a mountain, the Profound Heavenly Armour’s defence did not disappoint him. As for Wang Bodan, he was heavily injured, his internal organs were all bleeding, shattered by the True Dragon Palm, he may as well be dead by now.
*Cough! Cough! Cough!*
Wang Bodan coughed three mouthfuls of blood, his expression pale white, palms shivering, his breathing unstable, he was on his last breath.
“Such terrifying defence, I lost, in the end… I… lost…” Wang Bodan murmured.
At this moment, he knew why the Hundred Sect Alliance was made for the sake of killing this fella, an arrogant yet powerful fella. A Half-Step Heavenly God that could kill a Mid Heavenly God expert like him.
Jiang Chen’s fame of being a demonic god was truly well deserved!
“Bastard, you should die smiling. Because your Tiger Leap School shall vanish from the face of the world, there’s no safe haven for you from the Hundred Sect Alliance.”
Jiang Chen punched once again, rocks and mountain crumbled and Wang Bodan was forever buried under the mountain.
Jiang Chen’s eyes were cold. His path of vengeance has just started.
In six months, Jiang Chen had swept through 23 large sects, all of them were famous sects within the Linhe Boundary. Those sects were also aiming towards Profound Feng Sect. Without the Teleportation Formation, he could only travel by air. After all, ever since the battle of the twisted jungle, he has become a wanted man, there’s no way he could access nor use the teleportation formation. Each of those teleportation formations was guarded by several Peak Heavenly Gods, a measure specifically against Jiang Chen.
23 sects, 128 Heavenly Gods died under the hands of Jiang Chen. With casualties growing, Feng Manpeng, Li Tianhuo and Jiang Chengzi’s anger grew by the moment. The trio spared no effort to search Jiang Chen but to no avail. Jiang Chen employed guerilla tactics and he would avoid Peak heavenly Gods.
Within the Hundred Sect Alliance, they possessed 30 Peak Heavenly Gods and ten Half-Step Diving Kings. Basically, whenever there’s news of Jiang Chen, they would send these experts towards that location.
Jiang Chen was moving north, all for the sake of returning to Profound Feng Sect. Because Ling Yun and Yue Er were still there, if they have not left the place, then they will certainly be targeted. He was anxious and worried, he couldn’t stay calm before seeing the both of them safe and sound.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2459 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2460


Chapter 2460
Profound Feng Sect has Fallen
Jiang Chen has cemented the title of number one demon king of Linhe Boundary as he killed countless men from the Hundred Sect Alliance on his journey. However, he had never provoked any Peak Heavenly Gods. It’s not that he could not win against them but he did not want to waste any more time just to face them. However, any experts from the Hundred Sect Alliance who came to seek trouble were all eliminated without a doubt.
The whole Linhe Boundary was flooded with rumours of Jiang Chen. Now, his name was equivalent to the demon lord in the Linhe Boundary, everyone wanted him dead, and be rid of this malignant tumour.
But who had thought how much injustice Jiang Chen had suffered？Only death awaited Jiang Chen if he chose to stay silent. Hence, he chose to fight back and become the public enemy of Linhe Boundary.
Heavenly Moon City, a mid-tier city that was located 900,000 li away from Profound Feng Sect, at least a few days worth of journey left.
“Jiang Chen is getting cockier by the day. His kill count of various sect’s elders and disciples could not be counted anymore, it was almost on the same number as the battle of the Twisted Jungle. Our Hundred Sect Alliance has lost countless sect lords, elders and disciples in this half a year, with no result to boot! This is truly disappointing!” Meng Fanpeng gripped the teacup in his hand with a gloomy expression.
However, there’s nothing they could do as Jiang Chen was in the shadows and they’re in the light. In a fair and square fight, Jiang Chen would definitely not be their match. He knew about that too, to face the whole Linhe Boundary would be suicide.
“You’re right. Our Hundred Sect Alliance’s name would be utterly tarnished by Jiang Chen if this goes on. Who would take our Linhe Boundary’s sect seriously if this goes on?” Jiang Chengzi shouted in anger.
The three great sects suffered the most, their true core disciples were all killed. All by the hands of Jiang Chen, only Xuanyuan Canglan was left alive, currently in seclusion back in Clear Stream Sect.
From the view of outsiders, this was a decision made by the Clear Stream Sect to protect their last prodigy. Meanwhile, Jiang Chen was getting famous. There wasn’t anyone in the Linhe Boundary’s history that was able to cause such a ruckus. To offend everyone within the Linhe Boundary and get away with it.
“I have an idea. Profound Feng Sect was where Jiang Chen resided in the past. According to the place where Jiang Chen was spotted, he’s most likely going back there. There’s probably something important for him in the sect. We’ll just need to deal with Profound Feng Sect and force him to reveal himself. Otherwise, he’ll just be a coward and attack us from the shadows.” Li Tianhuo sneered.
“No. Profound Feng Sect is our Heavenly Star Sects ally. Li Tianhuo, are you trying to provoke a sect war? Even though Profound Feng Sect is weak, the four sects are allied with one another. Do you think the Heavenly Star Sect or the Earthly Hades Sect will just sit back and do nothing? Profound Feng Sect may have something to do in this matter but it’s not completely their fault. How would the others see our Hundred Sect Alliance?” An expert said with a gloomy expression.
“Is there a place for you to speak? Plus, Jiang Chen is from Profound Feng Sect. Doesn’t this prove that he has something to do with the sect? The fault is from the father if the child strays from the proper path. Do you think that Profound Feng Sect could get away from this?”
The expert was speechless from Li Tianhuo’s words.
“Elder Li is right. If we do not do anything now, we’ll lose more people in the process. It’s a loss for the whole Linhe Boundary. Over 400 men have already died in the course of these six months, all of them are Heavenly God experts. The proof is that Jiang Chen had killed those disciples within the Hidden Secret Realm. The fault lies in the teacher, Profound Feng Sect cannot escape this. I agree with Elder Li’s suggestion.” Jiang Chengzi said, his words were justified, at least nobody could give him an excuse to oppose his words.
“We, the Hundred Sect Alliance, must kill Jiang Chen to get what is due for the Linhe Boundary. Jiang Chen had committed a great sin and must be sentenced to death. He came from Profound Feng Sect but to think he’s such a vile person. By right, we shouldn’t put the blame on Profound Feng Sect, but in trying times like this comes with extreme measures. Many people may die if we do not do this. For the sake of the whole Linhe Boundary, this time we must do it.” Meng Fanpeng added with a gloomy expression.
“Agreed. Elder Meng is right. Any objections? If Jiang Chen thinks that something bad happened to Profound Feng Sect, he’ll certainly appear. If he’s a cowardly fool then we may exactly harm the Profound Feng Sect, isn’t this method great?” Jiang Chengzi smiled calmly.
He had the same idea but since Li Tianhuo suggested it, it was absolutely great. Jiang Chen’s hands were already drenched with blood. The Hundred Sect Alliance will spare no effort to kill him, whatever means necessary.
“Onwards to the Profound Feng Sect, I will let Jiang Chen understand who’s the master of the Linhe Boundary!” Meng Fanpeng stood up as he gazed towards the north.
This time, they will make sure that Jiang Chen dies!
Feng Ming Mountain!
Xuan Qingming who was quietly meditating suddenly opened his sharp eyes and he looked at the sky. Powerful figures blasted through the clouds. Meng Fanpeng, Li Tianhuo, Jiang Chengzi, the three leaders led five hundred Heavenly God experts towards this place. Even Xuan Qingming felt pressured, his expression became gloomy. What should come, has finally come.
“Guys, look, so many experts! I can’t even breathe properly now.”
“Yeah. So many experts, what do they want?”
“Senior Jiang Chen killed so many people and they’re probably here to look for him.”
“So many experts, truly a terrifying sight.”
Countless disciples had pale expressions and they were gasping for air as they were surrounded and pressured by 500 Heavenly God experts.
Currently, Xuan Qingming knew what it meant to be isolated. It would only take them less than half an hour to flatten and decimate the whole Profound Feng Sect.
Three days later, Jiang Chen received a piece of news that would make him go mad after killing his twelfth Heavenly God expert from the Hundred Sect Alliance.
Profound Feng Sect has fallen. The people of the Hundred Sect Alliance was currently occupying the Profound Feng Sect, they even gave an announcement that if Jiang Chen did not appear in Profound Feng Sect within ten days, the Hundred Sect Alliance will massacre the whole sect!
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2460 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2461


Chapter 2461
Killing off everyone with his blade pointing towards the north!
“Yue Er, I pray that both of you are okay. Otherwise, I will make sure to vanish all of the Hundred Sect Alliance from the trace of the Divine Realm.” Jiang Chen’s cold eyes stared towards the northern sky as he murmured.
He moved towards the Profound Feng Sect with his fastest speed. He. He couldn’t let the sect face the danger alone. Otherwise, Xuan Qingming and the thousands of disciples will just become his scapegoat.
“Let the slaughter be much more violent.” Jiang Chen’s fiery eyes lit up.
For the next ten days, he slaughtered men without restraint. He killed the people of the Hundred Sect Alliance whenever he bumps into them along the way, not leaving a single one of them alive, killing hundreds of them in the process, it was madness. Amongst them, more than half were Heavenly God experts. It may not be anything for the bigger sects but for the mid and lower sects, it was a great loss to lose a Heavenly God.
Killing off everyone with his blade pointing towards the north!
“This Jiang Chen is a super demon, murdering people without batting an eyelid.”
“Yeah. The people of the Hundred Sect Alliance will be finished if this goes on.”
“Stop talking crap if you don’t know anything. The Hundred Sect Alliance is currently strong and powerful. All of them are now stationed in the Profound Feng Sect waiting for Jiang Chen. And when he appears they will put him down.”
“You’re right. But for the Hundred Sect Alliance, those mid-tier sects really suffered tremendously. Each of those sects suffered at least several to a dozen Heavenly Gods, they’ll at least need 500 years to recover this loss.”
Jiang Chen heard a bunch of rumours along his journey towards the north and he got used to it.
The ten days of madness of his made the people of the Hundred Sect Alliance’s fire of anger burn stronger. Jiang Chen too was waiting, he was betting that the Hundred Sect Alliance wouldn’t dare to act. Since the Profound Feng Sect had the Earthly Hades Sect and Heavenly Star Sect above them. If the Profound Feng Sect has truly fallen, the other two sects will surely not let this go.
The Hundred Sect Alliance was much stronger than those two sects, but without the ‘just’ cause of the Hundred Sect Alliance, they will not simply just demolish a sect with their ‘justice’. Hence, Jiang Chen guessed that Profound Feng Sect wasn’t in great danger, albeit temporarily.
The Hundred Sect Alliance’s loss reached a new height in those ten days. Those that were outside Profound Feng Sect were getting killed off here and there, how could they feel good about it? This treacherous Jiang Chen had offended the whole Linhe Boundary, he has become the most monstrous being that must be killed off to quench the anger of the whole Linhe Boundary.
“Meng Fanpeng, are you going to destroy the peace between the sects of the Linhe Boundary?!” A cold shout reverberated across Fengming Mountain.
500 figures instantly cut across the sky. The atmosphere of the whole Fengming Mountain became pressured.
“Who are you? Ah, it’s the Heavenly Star Sect’s Brother Ding, how are you? We haven’t seen each other for a thousand years. Hehehe. ” Meng Fanpeng said indifferently as he stood at the top.
The one who came was the Heavenly Star Sect’s Ding Qiudong. One of the giants of the Linhe Boundary in the past, he’s one of the reasons why Heavenly Star Sect became so powerful.
“You should know why I’m here.” Ding Qiudong said indifferently as he fearlessly stared at Meng Fanpeng.
“Ding Qiudong, even that old monster is here. Looks like the Heavenly Star Sect is going to help Profound Feng Sect until the end.”
“Ding Qiudong reached the Half-Step Divine King realm several hundred years ago. His current strength is a mystery. Even Meng Fanpeng must give him some respect.”
“We’ll have to see whether Elder Meng is firm on his decision, or not.”
Ding Qiudong’s appearance shocked them, making them look up in anticipation.
“Perhaps Brother Ting will have to be disappointed because this is our last resort. Do you know what kind of atrocities Jiang Chen had done? Do you know how many men of the Hundred Sect Alliance had he slaughtered? That bastard killed more than a hundred Heavenly Gods and thousands of prodigies at the Hidden Secret Realm and at the entrance. All of them, alone! Have you seen it? Jiang Chen was a disciple of the Profound Feng Sect, hence, we chose to use this underhanded method, to force him out. Otherwise, more innocent men will die. He must be killed! We will fight towards the end even if we’re going to lose more men in the process.”
Meng Fanpeng did not disappoint the men of the Hundred Sect Alliance as he looked at Ding Qiudong firmly.
“So, you’re going to implicate the Profound Feng Sect?” Ding Qiudong said.
“It’s not that I have a problem with the Profound Feng Sect, it’s Jiang Chen who has a problem with the Hundred Sect Alliance. He killed so many of us, doesn’t he deserve to die?”
“He should be damned, then why don’t you go and catch him yourself. Why are you trying to cause trouble for the Profound Feng Sect, those who had just entered the realms of cultivation? You will definitely be punished by the heavens! Plus, he’s not a disciple of the sect anymore, yet you guys are still threatening him with the Profound Feng Sect. Are you trying to destroy the sect??” Ding Qiudong stared at Meng Fanpeng.
“I only know that if Jiang Chen’s not killed, there shall be more casualties and we’ll be punished by the heavens. Brother Ding, if you’re here to talk about good ole times, I’ll gladly chat with you. But if you’re here to ask me to leave Profound Feng Sect, I’m sorry, I cannot do that. Even if I could, the nine others behind me will not be that respectful towards you.”
The Half-Step Divine Kings released their qi at the same moment. Ding Qiudong’s expression immediately froze. This Meng Fanpeng is going to go towards the end, including him, there are exactly ten Half-Step Divine Kings!
“I, Meng Fanpeng, will not kill any innocent men. I will not touch a single hair of the Profound Feng Sect if Jiang Chen appears. If he doesn’t I will massacre the men of the Profound Feng Sect. Go the whole hog!”
“Go the whole hog!”
“Go the whole hog!”
Thunderous roar could be heard coming from the 500 Heavenly Gods, it was ear-splitting. Ding Qiudong felt pressured. Looks like today’s battle could not be avoided. Even though Jiang Chen was not part of the Profound Feng Sect anymore, these fellas were not planning to let them go. They were planning to push them towards the very edge and flush Jiang Chen out.
500 Heavenly Gods… it was terrifying. Such presence was on-par with the 10 Half-Step Divine Kings. Those ear-splitting roars caused the Feng Ming Mountain to quake. The 100,000 disciples of Profound Feng Sect trembled in fear, some of them even passed out from the shock.
“I hope you’ll remember what you said if Jiang Chen came. But if he doesn’t I, Ding Qiudong, will play your game until the end.” Ding Qiudong said.
Meng Fanpeng smiled without a worry. At least he’s not afraid of Ding Qiudong!
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2461 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2462


Chapter 2462
Assisting you in meeting your maker
He may not win against Ding Qiudong if it’s a one-on-one battle since the latter was a senior, but he might not lose when there were nine others behind him, and all of them were Half-Step Divine Kings too. The top twenty sects had at least one Half-Step Divine Kings within the sect to solidify their position. Even though the Heavenly Star Sect weren’t weak, they do not have the balls to offend others yet.
“Many thanks, Senior Ding. Qingming is useless, to bring forth such catastrophe to the sect.” Xuan Qingming sighed as he felt gratitude towards Ding Qiudong.
“It’s not your fault, Profound Feng Sect will be fine as long as Jiang Chen’s here.” Ding Qiudong said.
“If I can’t even protect my own disciple, how can Qingming be happy? Hehe.” Xuan Qingming said bitterly.
The Profound Feng Sect could not even fight back in the face of powerful sects like the Clear Stream Sect, Ghost Eye Sect and the Divine Pill Sect.
Xuan Qingming’s heart was filled with sadness, yet it was burning with passion. Jiang Chen was able to stand proud and exert his might in the Linhe Boundary. He’s truly a young and talented individual, it brought honour to Profound Feng Sec. Even if he said that he had quit the sect, the sect’s door will always be opened for him. Plus, he quit the sect for the sake of protecting the sect too.
“It’s the tenth day, looks like this Jiang Chen is planning to become a coward. Haha.” Jiang Chengzi said with a great laugh.
“Looks like the Profound Feng Sect won’t be able to avoid this catastrophe.” Li Tianhuo said indifferently.
Meng Fanpeng’s expression was getting cold and he slightly frowned. Jiang Chen… could he really be a coward?
“Jiang Chen, don’t come. Wait till you’ve grown powerful, avenge my Profound Feng Sect, it won’t be too late until then.” Xuan Qingming looked at the sky and murmured.
“Jiang Chen is here!” A shattering roar reverberated through the Feng Ming Mountain. A figure burst out from the clouds and stood in the air with vigour.
Jiang Chen stared down with his sharp eyes with might.
Meng Fanpeng and the others smiled as they were feeling confident.
“You’ve finally come, Jiang Chen. I thought you’re going to be a coward, hiding like a turtle. Looks like you have good morality.” Jiang Chengzi said with a smile.
Jiang Chen’s appearance made everyone excited. Today, this demon king shall not get away from their grasp.
“Jiang Chen, haih.” Xuan Qingming sighed.
He came in the end… this time the Hundred Sect Alliance is stronger than ever, with ten Half-Step Divine Kings with them. They’ve cast a net around the Profound Feng Sect, just to catch him.
“Today, you won’t be able to run away even if you have nine lives. Jiang Chen, you’re smart and arrogant yet you still came back.” Li Tianhuo said with disdain.
“Really? I never planned to leave this place alive the moment I arrive, I’ll kill as many as I can, it’s my gain if I manage to kill one, two, or more, the better. Haha.” Jiang Chen said with a pale smile. He came despite knowing the risk.
Jiang Chen knew that there’s no choice because Yue Er and Ling Yun were still in the Profound Feng Sect. Plus, there were the other disciples within the sect too. Xuan Qingming could have done nothing too. But Jiang Chen was still a man, a man with responsibility, a man who takes his responsibility seriously.
He’s the one who created all those troubles, even though he wasn’t in the wrong. But he had to take on all those sins, he will not run away from his fate.
Jiang Chen was not one to have the unrelated audiences be pulled into his matters.
“Sect Lord, is everything okay?” Jiang Chen said, his voice travelling a hundred li.
“Everything is fine.” Xuan Qingming said.
How could he not understand what Jiang Chen was trying to say? The latter was asking about his wife and daughter. Yue Er had followed Ling Yun and left the Profound Feng Sect. No matter where they were, they would not be pulled into this catastrophe. Now, Jiang Chen could fight to his heart’s content without anything holding him back.
But Xuan Qingming was feeling worried too. Even though Jiang Chen’s strength has improved he was able to kill off Heavenly Gods, he’s still but a Half-Step Heavenly God. Facing a Half-Step Divine King would be reckless. No matter how monstrous or heaven-defying he was, could he escape this net?
“Pretty ballsy, but it’s a pity that he’s going to die in this battle. Why is such talent not from my Heavenly Star Sect?” Ding Qiudong murmured with slight pity.
But he will not act as his purpose was to protect the Profound Feng Sect. Now that the sect was finally safe, he could not help Jiang Chen. That would mean war against the Hundred Sect Alliance, where he would face the whole Linhe Boundary. He knew that Jiang Chen must die but he felt that it would be a loss for such talent to die.
“All is well. Hahaha. Then I can fight without restraint.” Jiang Chen laughed.
Since Xuan Qingming said everything is well, that means that Yue Er and Ling Yun are safe. They have probably left the sect. As Ling Yun said she’ll leave the sect before but will wait for my return. Now that I’ve delayed my return, I don’t know whether she’s still here.
“Jiang Chen, you’re going to die soon, yet you have the leisure to be this calm. I am genuinely curious, how can you even laugh at such times.” Jiang Chengzi shouted.
“Do I even have to ask for your approval to laugh? The people sneer at me, thinking I’m crazy, I laugh at them being unable to understand me. Hahaha. I, Jiang Chen, will fight until the end in today’s battle. Who’s going to fall in the end, we do not know that.” Jiang Chen said fearlessly as he faced 500 Heavenly Gods alone.
Jiang Chen knew that these fellas were prepared to commit atrocities if he did not appear. For the sake of ‘justice’. He wouldn’t stay idle and watch Profound Feng Sect fall into such a difficult predicament.
“Jiang Chen, even an old fella like me admires you a little. You’re firm with your belief even though you’re facing the inevitable. This is not something that could be done even in our generation. To die proud. Hahaha.” Ding Qiudong shook his head and laughed. Jiang Chen, this lad’s character was truly commendable.
“500 Heavenly Gods will help you meet your maker. Jiang Chen, prepare to die!” Meng Fanpeng pointed at the sky and the five hundred experts released their aura!
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2462 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2463


Chapter 2463
Let’s have a Fierce Fight
Jiang Chen looked ruthless. When he decided to return to Profound Feng Sect, he did not expect to leave peacefully. Even though he might suffer a great loss, he was going to defeat the enemy. Moreover, he might not necessarily lose in the battle. In the face of the five hundred Heavenly God Realm experts, Jiang Chen’s facial expression was incomparably solemn. If it was another Half-step Heavenly God, they would’ve been scared off and run away from the beginning.
Jiang Chen knew that if he ran away, Profound Feng Sect was going to face misfortune. Even though it had the protection of Heavenly Star Sect and Earthly Hades Sect, so what? It still can’t fight over these five hundred Heavenly Gods. Jiang Chen did not want to owe Profound Feng Sect and was even unwilling to implicate Xuan Qingming.
A man can die while he’s standing but he should live without guilt and shame.
Jiang Chen looked around the five hundred Heavenly God Realm experts. He was not afraid at all. Since he could not flee from the battle, he was going to fight at the cost of his life without any regrets.
“Jiang Chen, this might be your destiny.”
Ding Qiudong said in a low voice while feeling sorry for Jiang Chen because no one would be able to save him after he had offended the entire Linhe Boundary.
“We have five hundred Heavenly God experts here today. Even a true Divine King might be defeated by five hundred Heavenly Gods. Jiang Chen, you’re doomed to be defeated in our hands. Since you have come here, you should pay the price now. Jiang Chen, you’re convicted of creating chaos and disaster at the Twisted Jungle, Hidden Secret Realm and also at Linhe Boundary. Even if you’re killed, it would not be sufficient for the loss you have caused. Humph.”
Li Tianhuo said in a deep voice while his eyes were giving off rays. His aura was overbearing. There were five hundred Heavenly Gods here to fight Jiang Chen. Even if Jiang Chen was able to overcome hundreds of them, it would be impossible for him to get the victory.
“Water Moon Sect, Wang Gang, let’s lead twenty Heavenly Gods to defeat Jiang Chen now.” Meng Fanpeng said coldly.
“Yes, sir!”
The great elder of Water Moon Sect, Wang Gang, took the first step and led the Heavenly Gods, pressing against Jiang Chen.
“It’s only twenty Heavenly Gods, I think you guys are really underestimating me.”
Jiang Chen gave a faint smile and immediately clashed against them. Terrifying strong winds broke through the void while Jiang Chen wrestled with the twenty Heavenly Gods with his own fists. Although Jiang Chen did not hold any weapon in his hands, he was not any weaker than them.
Unexpectedly, the Heavenly Gods failed to break through Jiang Chen’s defence and it was difficult for them to approach him. Jiang Chen’s overbearing body had repulsed five of them. All of them were not his match at all, and they were all defeated.
“Hahaha. Come on!”
Jiang Chen laughed out loud. In the face of Early Heavenly Gods, Jiang Chen looked extremely relaxed and calm. It was just a piece of cake for him.
“Twenty isn’t enough. More!”
Jiang Chen’s eyes were full of fighting spirit. The twenty Early Heavenly Gods were all defeated by Jiang Chen just now.
“Overflowing Wood Sect, Zhao Kuotian, bring another thirty Heavenly Gods to fight Jiang Chen now!”
Meng Fanpeng still looked calm. Even though Jiang Chen was in high spirit and fearless, he was actually dealing with five hundred Heavenly God Realm experts and only ten percent of them were out right now.
“Yes, sir!”
Zhao Kuotian brought another thirty Heavenly Gods to join the battle. Jiang Chen suddenly faced a greater pressure now. However, he was still able to handle the situation with ease and skill.
“This guy is really a monster. With his Half-step Heavenly God Realm cultivation, he’s still able to fight fifty Heavenly God Realm experts alone. It’s terrifying.”
“I don’t know if we are too weak or Jiang Chen is just too strong.”
“He indeed has some capability since he was able to kill countless people and has been hunted by the Hundred Sect Alliance for some time. No wonder there have been so many Heavenly Gods killed by Jiang Chen these past few months.
“Jiang Chen is really horrifying. I guess some of those experts have felt the sense of danger now.”
Many people started discussing the battle.
Jiang Chen’s mightiness was still shadowed by these fifty Heavenly God Realm experts. The battle situation looked chaotic. Everyone became speechless out of shock.
“This young man would have achieved greatness in the future if he’s not killed today.”
Ding Qiudong said quietly. However, he did not have the chance and reason to take action. As long as Profound Feng Sect was not in great trouble, his mission was complete. He did not have the capability to bother if Jiang Chen was killed or not. He also did not have the capability to fight the entire Linhe Boundary. He was confident in his own strength for being a Half-step Divine King, but he did not have Jiang Chen’s boldness
“Only fifty Heavenly Gods, what can they do to me? Hahah.”
Jiang Chen said madly while releasing his overbearing and irresistible aura. Under his dreadful aura, the fifty Heavenly God Realms expert tried really hard in the battle. However, Jiang Chen’s invincible Profound Heavenly Armour managed to resist all kinds of attacks. He even kept attacking ruthlessly as if he knew nothing about retreat.
“Fire Flame Sect, Huo QianEr, send out another fifty Heavenly Gods to kill Jiang Chen!”
Meng Fanpeng’s eyes looked as sharp as a knife. QianEr was not weak at all. She immediately took action and rushed into the battle. A hundred Heavenly God Realm experts encircled Jiang Chen and kept attacking him. Jiang Chen started taking steps backwards as his cultivation realm was not capable enough to resist more than a hundred Heavenly Gods.
However, he was still using his palm to defend against their attacks and his fists were as hard as rock. Hundreds and thousands of Profound Feng Sect’s disciples were dumbstruck by the scene. They understood that Jiang Chen could choose not to return to Profound Feng Sect and face such a threat by himself. However, he still made it back to the sect. Although he was taking steps backwards in the battle now, everyone in the Profound Feng Sect still thought highly of him.
Jiang Chen was their hero forever.
“Finally, he doesn’t look that arrogant anymore. Let me see if he still can fly high now when facing a hundred Heavenly Gods.”
Jiang Chengzi said with a cold smile as he disdained Jiang Chen. However, he knew that even for him, it was extremely difficult to fight one hundred Early Heavenly Gods. Unexpectedly, Jiang Chen was not defeated yet, although he had shown his limitation. But it was already sufficient for a Half-step Heavenly God to gain more than a hundred Heavenly God’s respect.
Jiang Chen’s facial expression looked terrible while facing one hundred Early Heavenly Gods. He was like a moth trying to escape the flame.
“Alright. Then let’s have a fierce fight!”
Jiang Chen roared and used his Dragon Transformation Art.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2463 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2464


Chapter 2464
More Heavenly Gods are Coming
At this moment, Jiang Chen suddenly became half-human and half-dragon. His power suddenly advanced to Mid Heavenly God Realm, making everyone feel great pressure. Under the dragon transformation, Jiang Chen’s attack became even more terrifying. Each of his strikes tore the void apart, and all of the Heavenly Gods could not overcome him at all.
Mountains and rocks were shattered immediately as soon as Jiang Chen made a palm strike. He was as formidable as an ancient giant beast just like the Tao Tie before. They were both invincible. More than a hundred Heavenly Gods were under intense pressure right now.
After using the dragon transformation, his formidable body was able to resist those Heavenly Divine Tools that come his way. His palm strikes immediately defeated five Heavenly God Realm experts, they were all extremely vulnerable under his strikes.
“Use everything you’ve got. Don’t let him have a chance to turn the situation around.”
All of them were filled with fighting spirit. It was really shameful if others knew that more than a hundred Heavenly Gods Realm experts failed to overcome a Half-step Heavenly God. These hundred plus people were extremely furious from the fact that Jiang Chen had completely suppressed them in terms of power. His dragonic strength spread across the void. The hundred experts’ aura was not as strong as Jiang Chen’s aura alone.
“Haha. A group of bastards. Let me show you how I am going to overcome five hundred Heavenly Gods!”
Jiang Chen stepped on the void and shattered it immediately by using his Azure Dragon Five Steps. About twenty Heavenly Gods were repulsed immediately. Jiang Chen smashed seven Heavenly God Realm experts’ meridians and tore their bones and flesh apart. The seven Heavenly Gods were killed by Jiang Chen in a flash.
“Whoever stops me will be killed!”
Jiang Chen wielded his dragon arms and sent out another heavy palm strike. As soon as his palm struck, there would be people killed immediately. Those Early Heavenly Gods lost their strength to resist Jiang Chen completely. Jiang Chen once again had the upper hand in the battle.
“You’re indeed a living demon!”
Many people’s eyes were filled with terror and they were trembling in fear. With Jiang Chen’s dragon transformation mightiness, he had killed more than twenty experts and there were only about seventy left among the first group. Each of them were in a great crisis. Although they were backed by the Hundred Sect Alliance, none of them was willing to die in Jiang Chen’s hand as it was not easy for them to go through those hundreds of years of cultivation. Jiang Chen was like a demon to them and he made them feel despair.
“Overload Sect, Sun Xiao, it is your turn to take action. Bring in another hundred Early Heavenly Gods into the battlefield. I want to see how strong he really is.”
As soon as Meng Fanpeng finished his words, Sun Xiao smiled coldly and rushed into Jiang Chen. Another one hundred Heavenly God Realm experts battled Jiang Chen. This time, they really pushed Jiang Chen into a predicament. Although he had the dragon transformation as reinforcement, it was still hard for him to resist almost two hundred Heavenly Gods at the same time. Jiang Chen’s face looked extremely ugly and he started to become passive in the battle.
“Your capability isn’t that bad, but you’re still too weak to fight almost two hundred Early Heavenly Gods.”
Sun Xiao laughed coldly, and he took out his sword to join the battle. Countless Heavenly Gods followed behind him and pushed Jiang Chen to a dead end. Jiang Chen continued to fight with the Heavenly Dragon Sword in his hand and his aura remained invincible. Everyone was impressed by his stamina.
“It’s really unfair that you have an armour to protect your body in this battle.”
Meng Fanpeng smiled coldly then suddenly sneak attacked Jiang Chen when he was fighting with those Heavenly Gods. He broke Jiang Chen’s Profound Heavenly Armour with his sword strike. After Meng Fanpeng’s attack from the dark, Jiang Chen spurted out a mouthful of blood and he was repulsed badly. His imposing manner suddenly weakened, and the two hundred Heavenly Gods took the opportunity to attack him.
Jiang Chen turned his head around at this moment, and stared at Meng Fanpeng. It was out of his expectation that an elder of Clear Stream Sect would do such a despicable thing to sneak attack him and break his Profound Heavenly Armour. The Heavenly Gods now started fighting wildly and ignored Jiang Chen’s defence completely.
“Meng Fanpeng! I will definitely kill you.”
Jiang Chen was outraged. At this moment, he had no choice but take full guard against the attacks. Without the Profound Heavenly Armour, he did not dare to be reckless when dealing with the two hundred Heavenly God Realm experts. Although his combat strength has not weakened, he had to ensure to defend himself well. If the battle lasted too long, he would surely be doomed to fall into a passive position. Wounds and blood started appearing on his body through the course of the battle. Jiang Chen finally felt a sense of great pressure as if there was a huge mountain pressing against his shoulder. He found it hard to breath now.
“Senior Jiang Chen…”
Many Profound Feng Sect disciples had tears in their eyes while they were watching this scene silently. Despite the severe wounds, Jiang Chen was still holding the Heavenly Dragon Sword tightly in his hands, and he swore that he would not give in. He did this for the hundreds and thousands of disciples. As they watched the scene, each of them started feeling guilty.
When the wounds on Jiang Chen’s body increased, they felt more and more furious, however, they were helpless. If the two hundred Heavenly Gods wanted to kill them, it would be as easy as drinking water. Even their Sect Lord would not have any way to help them as their opponents were too formidable. However, Jiang Chen never gave up at all from the beginning until now. He would not surrender even if he would die in the battle.
This is Jiang Chen! Even though he’s already severely injured, his battle spirit was still high and he hadn’t cried out of pain. However, those disciples of Profound Feng Sect could not help having their eyes filled with tears upon seeing Jiang Chen badly injured.
“Jiang Chen, you have killed so many in the past. You have a deep sin and deserve this karma. Surrender now!”
Jiang Chengzi said coldly.
“If twenty is not enough, then come with fifty. If fifty is not enough, then come with a hundred. A hundred ain’t enough again? Then two hundred more will come. I am going to tortune you to death.”
Meng Fanpeng looked at Jiang Chen with ruthlessness while his mouth showed cunningness.
“I will never be defeated.”
Jiang Cheng exchanged a glance with Meng Fanpeng. Although his body was full of wounds, his eyes still looked unbeatable. He was going to fight until the end!
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2464 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2465


Chapter 2465
A Monstrous Evil at the Troubled Time
Even after losing his Profound Heaven Armour, Jiang Chen still had to fight alone against almost two hundred Heavenly Gods. As a result, he was now struggling in the battle and the wounds on his body became more and more severe. Heavenly God realm experts were not easy to deal with. Although Jiang Chen was very formidable, solo battling two hundred experts was actually exhausting to him.
When Jiang Chen struck with his mighty Heavenly Dragon Sword, he only managed to repulse around twenty people while there were still hundreds of Heavenly Gods crashing into him. Even if he wanted to kill more than twenty people at one time, he knew it was as hard as ascending to heaven.
Jiang Chen made another heavy sword strike and swept another ten Heavenly God Realm experts away. However, it was to no avail and no noticeable difference could be seen. Immediately, another ten experts came and fought him again.
Jiang Chen was injured badly and streams of blood bleed all around his body. He was repulsed backwards as two hundred Heavenly God Realm experts continued wrestling and pushed him into predicament.
“Twelve Fire God Guards!”
Jiang Chen roared then twelve Fire God Guards immediately rushed into the battlefield. All of the Fire God Guards were already Heavenly Gods. They created a formation to protect Jiang Chen. The Five Elemental Trigram Fire Formation was suddenly formed, and it was able to resist Late Heavenly God Realm experts.
The twelve Fire God Guards were quite formidable and they were not disappointing at all as they managed to withstand up to one hundred experts’ attacks. The Fire God Guards managed to help Jiang Chen to take his time and opportunity to fight the experts. With the Fire God Guards’s assistance, Jiang Chen became more courageous in the battle and his battle strength was enhanced by the formation as well.
From the beginning until now, the concept of life or death does not exist in Jiang Chen’s heart. To him, every battle was training to advance his cultivation.
Jiang Chen’s sword strikes were critical; his Heavenly Dragon Sword was filled with the increasingly formidable aura of the Sword of Solitude. His imposing manner was intensified as his sword strike swept across in all directions. The Sword of Solitude had killed up to twenty seven people and repulsed more than a hundred. Jiang Chen’s mighty aura reappeared with twelve Fire God Guards’ assistance. With the Fire Spirit, the Karmic Fire of the Red Lotus was displayed well on the Fire God Guards. Each of the Fire God Guard’s battle strengths was around Mid-Heavenly God Realm. In addition, the Five Elemental Trigram Fire Formation boosted their strength to the peak of their realm, making them invincible. The more than one hundred Heavenly Gods could not even break out from their formation.
At the moment, Jiang Chen looked less burdened and could handle the battle easily. He rubbed away the blood around the corner of his mouth while his eyes were still filled with unparalleled killing intent.
“The game became more interesting now. One hundred Mid-Heavenly God Realm experts. I am going to see how you are going to deal with them!”
Meng Fanpeng squinted his eyes and he seemed very confident. He wanted to tortur Jiang Chen alive. So that he could help everyone in their revenge. If he killed Jiang Chen directly without torturing him, the price would be too cheap.
Everyone was looking forward to the end of the battle as they wanted to see how Jiang Chen was tortured to death. They were playing tricks to Jiang Chen now.
One hundred Mid-Heavenly Gods were comparable to five hundred Early Heavenly Gods. Their collective strength might be even more formidable than five hundred Early Heavenly Gods. Jiang Chen’s countenance fell the moment he saw the one hundred Middle Heavenly Gods joining into the battle. Nevertheless, even though the entire Linhe Boundary’s strength pressed on his shoulder, Jiang Chen’s eyes still looked ruthless.
“Another one hundred Middle Heavenly Gods Realm experts. You have overestimated Jiang Chen’s strength. This time I am afraid that he won’t be able to run away from the misfortune.”
Ding Qiudong gave Xuan Qingming a glance, and then he shook his head helplessly. Jiang Chen was indeed a monstrous evil at the troubled time. In such a terrifying formation, it was not easy to catch him at all. Right now the situation has completely turned into a massive masscrace.
Xuan Qingming could only look at the scene silently because he could not do anything. Profound Feng Sect was in a mess right now. The eyes of the sect’s disciples were filled with tears. Jiang Chen was the true hero in their hearts as he solo battled with so many experts for them!
“Jiang Chen, it’s your day of death. It might be the best ending to torture you to death. Hahaha.”
Li Tianhuo said fiercely while his facial expression looked horrifyingly cunning and evil.
“Alright. Now’s the time. I am going to kill everyone here!”
In the face of one hundred Mid-Heavenly Gods, Jiang Chen broke through the heaven and immediately killed thirty Early Heavenly God Realm experts. However, terrifying auraswere fiercely rushing towards him and made him feel pressured. Those were the auras of Middle Heavenly Gods and they were incomparable to Early Heavenly Gods’.
Each of the Heavenly Gods aimed at Jiang Chen with their terrifying aura and each of them were the top experts of their respective sects and schools. They were all experienced, unlike those Early Heavenly Gods who lacked battling experience. Jiang Chen started finding it hard to move after the Mid Heavenly Gods joined into the fray. His Heavenly Dragon Sword was unable to handle so many experts simultaneously.
The twelve Fire God Guards were also suppressed by more than one hundred and forty Early Heavenly Gods’ joint attacks. Finally, they also showed some signs of being exhausted now. They only managed to withstand the Early Heavenly Gods. Meanwhile, on the other side, Jiang Chen was battling with one hundred Mid Heavenly Gods alone. It was estimated that his opponents’ collective strength would be able to destroy any sect in the Linhe Boundary.
Jiang Chen kept stepping backwards but soon there was no way for him to retreat anymore. Although his battle strength was extraordinary, the opponents were even stronger. This was in Jiang Chen’s expectation.
Even the Ancient Dragon City would not dare to underestimate the collective strength of one hundred Mid Heavenly Gods as they were really dreadful. However, it was just part of the strength of the Hundred Sect Alliance. Those vigorously formidable individuals might not be here yet. It was ridiculous for Jiang Chen to withstand one hundred Middle Heavenly Gods alone.
“Ashura Sword Formation!”
Jiang Chen roared. With ten Supreme Grade Divine Origin Stones as foundation, he did not need to use up his own strength this time. Otherwise, he would be exhausted very quickly in order to support Little Ashura Sword Formation.
Ten Supreme Grade Divine Origin Stones were quite powerful. At least, they would help his Little Ashura Sword Formation to last for fifteen minutes. And it delivered, within these fifteen minutes the formation had managed to sweep across many experts.
One hundred and eight pieces of supreme Divine Tools flew to the void while Jiang Chen was holding Heavenly Dragon Sword. The Hammer of Storm and Hammer of Meteor kept spinning above the void. An invincible sword formation had been casted as well. Dreadful sword shadows sweep across in all directions. The Little Ashura Sword Formation was one of Jiang Chen’s trump cards. The more his opponents were, the more he liked to cast this because no one would be able to break his sword formation. Jiang Chen was very confident in fighting with the experts in this battle.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2465 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2466


Chapter 2466
Great Arhat Prajna Formation
“Finally couldn’t bear it? ” Li Tianhuo smiled, unflustered.
Sure enough, the 100 Mid Heavenly Gods couldn’t withstand the Little Ashura Sword Formation and were caught inside. They were forced to be on the defensive and if it weren’t for their preparation, they would’ve been dead by now. Jiang Chen stood proudly yet he’s frowning, he felt something was amiss.
However, his Little Ashura Sword Formation hasn’t reached its full strength yet. It’s around 10-20%, because he was waiting for more Heavenly Gods to enter. At that moment, he will fight with his full strength and get them all. He was aiming to kill all 500 Heavenly Gods! This was his plan.
“This Sword Formation, is that all it has? Hehe, then, I’ll show you mine.”
Li Tianhuo jumped up to the sky with a Taoist tool, he then looked across the crowd, the remaining 200 Mid Heavenly Gods entered the fray. 500 Heavenly Gods then dispersed across eight directions and Li Tianhuo activated a formation much stronger than the Little Ashura Sword Formation.
“You have your scheme, but I also have mine. This formation is made specifically to counter your sword formation! Jiang Chen, you will never get away from us today. Hahaha.” Li Tianhuo said
Ghost Eye Sect was the expert with regards to formations.
“A powerful formation.” Jiang Chen frowned.
The 500 Heavenly Gods were already in their positions, the 60+ Early Heavenly Gods who were killed were replaced by Late Heavenly Gods. At this moment, the whole Profound Feng Sect was engulfed by a dark veil. The Ghost Eye Sect’s formation engulfed the whole proximity of the Profound Feng Sect. It became hard to breathe, it’s suffocating. Those weaker Profound Feng Sect disciples were shivering in fear and a hundred or so of them died just from the pressure of the formation.
“Scary! This is a demonic formation! My heart is about to jump out!”
“Senior Brother Jiang Chen, looks like this is the end.”
“Is the Profound Feng Sect facing annihilation?”
The disciples of the Profound Feng Sect fell into despair.
Jiang Chen looked towards Li Tianhuo’s 500 men formation, it completely covered the Little Ashura Sword Formation, a terrifying black whirlwind started to brew, as if it was the harvester from hell as it flooded Jiang Chen’s formation into the bottom.
Jiang Chen’s expression became solemn. But the 500 men formation was completed.
This time, Jiang Chen’s confidence was shaken. The formation looked average and he felt that his formation could defeat Li Tianhuo’s formation, but the manpower of the opponent’s formation was too powerful. It even made his hair stand on end, he felt shocked and proud at the same time because of the scale of the opponent’s formation.
“What is this formation?” Jiang Chen looked at Li Tianhuo as his pupil contracted.
“There’s no harm in telling you, this is the Great Arhat Prajna Formation! Formed by 500 Heavenly God experts. It could even instantly suppress a Half-Step Divine King. This is purposely made for your sword formation, you should be proud to die under the Great Arhat Prajna Formation.” Li Tianhuo said with disdain.
He was extremely confident in the Great Arhat Prajna Formation. This was one of the Ghost Eye Sect’s Great Sect Barrier Formation, a formidable formation within Linhe Boundary. It could even withstand the attacks of a Divine King.
A dark whirlwind started to brew, a ten-thousand zhang dark skeleton formed, its empty eye socket emitted a terrifying aura. It then opened its giant jaw, trying to devour everything in its sight.
The 500 Heavenly God experts formed the Great Arhat Prajna Formation, and it was able to thoroughly engulf the Little Ashura Sword Formation. Jiang Chen felt pressured from that looming darkness.
“Rise! Ghost Prison Ashura Sword Formation!”
Jiang Chen took out another 30 Supreme Grade Divine Origin Stones to activate the Ghost Prison Ashura Sword Formation. At this moment, the Little Ashura Sword Formation rose and shone brightly as it broke through the darkness of the sky. Two different qi clashed, the darkness and golden light intertwined.
“Such a terrifying sword formation, this sword formation is much stronger than the one Jiang Chen had previously exhibited. How can this be?” Jiang Chengzi’s brow raised as his expression became serious.
Li Tianhuo was extremely confident. However, he had to admit that Jiang Chen’s formation was pretty strong. It could even kill a Divine King if Jiang Chen’s formation was handled by 500 Heavenly Gods. But Jiang Chen was too weak, it was already commendable that Jiang Chen was able to unleash 1/1000 of the Ghost Prison Ashura Sword Formation’s power.
Li Tianhuo won because the Great Arhat Prajna Formation was supported by 500 Heavenly Gods. Although even without the formation, the 500 strong men were already a force to be reckoned with.
“His Sword Formation is definitely strong but it’s impossible for him to break through my Great Arhat Prajna Formation!”
Li Tianhuo commanded the terrifying peerless, murderous formation, terrifying black whirlwinds were unleashed and the pressure Jiang Chen felt was getting heavier by the second. Jiang Chen’s blood was trembling from those impending whirlwinds. Cuts appeared on his body as the wind cut through. He forcefully activated his formation once again and released x5 the might that he previously showed and clashed with the Great Arhat Prajna Formation.
“Myriad Sword Return! Scattering Sword!” Jiang Chen roared.
108 swords shot up towards the sky, breaking the structure of the Little Ashura Sword Formation, further expanding the formation, with the terrifying energy of the Heavenly Dragon Sword, a terrifying sword glow burst out from within.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2466 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2467


Chapter 2467
No rest in this dismal war
1st of the week!
Do support us in Patreon if you are able to, so that we can continue translating the novel for you! 🙂
Li Tianhuo’s Great Arhat Prajna Formation retaliated, the 500 Heavenly Gods were in synch. Like a demon lord being born, eliminating those that stood in its way. The black ethereal skeleton gradually gained a physical form as whirlwinds covered its body, it opened its giant jaw and devoured all the swords. This was the first time Jiang Chen’s Little Ashura Sword Formation has failed to show supremacy.
Jiang Chen’s expression drastically changed. 500 Heavenly Gods, a giant wall that’s hard to overcome. Not even his Little Ashura Sword Formation could make a dent on them. After devouring those swords, the skeleton then proceeded to devour the formation itself.
Jiang Chen’s expression became solemn. The Great Arhat Prajna Formation was able to thoroughly overcome the Little Ashura Sword Formation. As countless blades disappeared into the black fog.
“Damned fella.” Jiang Chen gritted his teeth.
Li Tianhuo easily controlled the Great Arhat Prajna Formation to do his bidding as he laughed at Jiang Chen’s predicament in complete arrogance.
“Zongheng and Little Yan died in your hands. Jiang Chen, you shall pay for everything you’ve done. Die!” Li Tianhuo said.
The black ethereal skeleton rammed upon Jiang Chen’s Little Ashura Sword Formation. The latter roared as he withstood and maintained the formation under the onslaught of 500 Heavenly Gods. However, he could feel the divine tools shaking as they were reaching their limits. The formation was reaching its limit…
Jiang Chen’s guess was right. The Little Ashura Sword Formation instantly broke and the 500 Heavenly Gods were pushed back from the final push of the Little Ashura Sword Formation.
It was heaven and earth-shattering, mountains fell apart, the ground split, the riverbed crumbled, millions of beasts died, hundreds of disciples of Profound Feng Sect died from this giant clash.
Jiang Chen was pushed 800 steps backwards from the clash, his expression became gloomy and pale. He coughed out a great deal of blood and kneeled down on one knee.
Jiang Chen kneeled down with one his knee as blood dripped from his mouth, his body was covered with injuries.
Fresh blood covered his whole body yet his eyes were still as sharp. He managed to injure those 500 Heavenly Gods at the final clash.
Li Tianhuo suffered the strongest back-lash as he was the one controlling the Great Arhat Prajna Formation to destroy Jiang Chen’s formation.
To inflict the enemy with 100% damage and suffer 80% damage himself. Li Tianhuo suffered a heavy injury. If not for the 500 Heavenly Gods supporting him, he would’ve lost against Jiang Chen’s formation!
The Ghost Prison Ashura Sword Formation did not lose, it’s just that Jiang Chen couldn’t unleash its maximum potential. No matter how heaven defying Jiang Chen was, he was still facing 500 Heavenly Gods.
Those 500 experts stood proudly. Although they suffered quite an injury, they still maintained their calm on the surface. Because they were injured by a junior, a Half-Step Heavenly God kid! They cannot appear disgraceful.
Except for Jiang Chen, who could stand his ground against 500 Heavenly Gods and Early Divine King?! Not even Meng Fanpeng, Li Tianhuo or Jiang Chengzi, these famous experts were able to do it!
At this moment, Li Tianhuo was dead set on getting his hands on Jiang Chen’s formation, his eyes were shining.
Jiang Chen was kneeling on one knee in the face of 500 Heavenly Gods. One could only watch in awe, this man, oh so powerful, if he was given 10 years, no 100 years, not even the Lone Dragon County, the whole Northern Cold Divine Region, who can be his match?
Xuan Qingming was filled with a swarm of emotion as he watched Jiang Chen kneel due to injury, yet there’s nothing he could do.
“Jiang Chen, Profound Feng Sect is proud of you.” Xuan Qingming murmured as his heart was filled with pain and sadness. They could only silently watch from the sidelines as Jiang Chen fought a bloody battle.
Jiang Chen was now on his last leg, everyone was watching him silently as death slowly crept over ever so closely towards him. Meng Fanpeng and the others have watched enough and wanted Jiang Chen dead there and then.
From the start towards the end, Jiang Chen fought with all his might. He gained quite a haul in this battle, but he’s not sure for the next, and whether he could live to see another day. However, he lived to battle, he shall never stop!
“Jiang Chen, what do you have left to offer? Haha, come, show it to us. You’re only a step away from death.” Jiang Chengzi sneered.
At this moment, nobody could save him, not even God could help him. Jiang Chen had used every ounce of his strength. Although the Hundred Sect Alliance was like a delinquent, they were tormented by Jiang Chen, harshly. Jiang Chen was a tumour on their side, they will never forgive him no matter what reasons he had now.
Linhe Boundary will not be peaceful if Jiang Chen was not killed!
“Now, it’s finally my time to act.” Jiang Chengzi said confidently.
Seeing Jiang Chen on his last leg, Jiang Chengzi was confident in taking him down now.
“Fellow comrades, follow me and put this monster down.” Jiang Chengzi looked at the twenty Peak Heavenly Gods behind him and said indifferently.
One could’ve said Jiang Chen had fought the whole Linhe Boundary alone. Twenty Peak Heavenly God experts. Jiang Chen raised his head slowly with a bitter smile on his face. But as long as he’s still alive, the battle is yet to be over!
“The heavens have forsaken me, but I shall have everyone accompany me towards the river Styx!”
Jiang Chen looked up towards the sky as the 20 Peak Heavenly Gods closed in on him!
“Little Chen, how can you leave me out in such a fun battle?”
A black figure came bursting down from the sky!
Jiang Chen trembled but even without knowing who it was, his lips gradually turned into a smile.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2467 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2468


Chapter 2468
Facing the battle together as the wind blows again
2nd of the week!
Do support us in Patreon if you are able to, so that we can continue translating the novel for you! 🙂
Confidence flowed through him, there’s no need to turn back!
The promise to live and die together!
A feeling called to live without any regrets!
These youngsters were courageous, who fought battles side-by-side. That enthusiasm, to show the world their might, to reign supreme under this heaven!
When Jiang Chen heard that loud roar from afar, he knew that staff-wielding fearless fella had come. I’ve made such a big commotion that shook up the whole Linhe Boundary, the other regions from neighboring places would surely catch wind about this and he’ll certainly come after hearing this news.
His terrifying swing brought forth a dark mist above the sky. As his staff swung down, the clouds dispersed and the identity of the man was shown. It was none other than Dragon Shisan!
Jiang Chen’s heart was moved. He has changed, not as reckless and irritable as before, yet still possessing that as overbearing aura; still courageous yet not reckless. The savageness between his eyes had become an overbearing battle-readiness, sharp yet composed, as steady as a mountain.
Dragon Shisan’s battle intent was sky-high as he stood beside Jiang Chen. They stared and smirked at the 500 Heavenly Gods that had temporarily retreated from the battlefield, these 20 Peak Heavenly Gods were no weak foes.
Although Dragon Shisan decided to come, he had not thought about what comes next because the brotherhood of theirs need not much explanation.
Dragon Shisan didn’t need to know too much, as long as Jiang Chen is alive, all is well.
“Still hanging on?” Dragon Shisan smiled towards Jiang Chen.
“I almost couldn’t hold on anymore.” Jiang Chen shook his head and then laughed as they looked at each other.
“Still holding on, that means… fight on.”
Dragon Shisan waved his peerless divine staff with anger. The smile he had instantly changed into a fierce battle-ready expression. He wants them to pay back Jiang Chen’s injury with interest!
“Another one came to die? Then, both of you shall die together.” Jiang Chengzi rushed forward with his trident, and faced Jiang Chen and Dragon Shisan with confidence.
They originally thought a powerful expert had come to assist Jiang Chen but it was just a Peak Early Heavenly God, they’re as good as dead now!
“Leave him to me.” Dragon Shisan pointed at Jiang Chengzi.
“Leave the remaining 20 to me.” Jiang Chen said indifferently.
The collective power of these 20 Peak Heavenly Gods were obviously stronger than Jiang Chengzi but Jiang Chengzi was no simple foe as he was an elder of a great sect.
“You? Hahaha, this is funny. Let me see what you have. No wonder you’re friends with that fella. You guys are one alike, extremely arrogant. But it all leads to death.” Jiang Chengzi said disdainfully towards Dragon Shisan.
Nevertheless, Dragon Shisan was calm as he faced Jiang Chengzi, a Peak Heavenly God.
“Ignorant.” Dragon Shisan said coldly as he instantly closed in onto Jiang Chengzi.
Dragon Shisan wasn’t afraid even if he was only a Peak Early Heavenly God.
Jiang Chen laughed coldly. Now that Dragon Shisan’s here, he got motivated and gained back some strength with the help of the wood spirit and his trusted pills. He was fearless in the face of twenty Peak Heavenly Gods. These guys were akin to 3 Half-Step Heavenly Gods.
“Prepare to die, Jiang Chen, you should be proud to die in our hands.”
“Haha, just a dying man, how could he do anything? He’s just waiting to be killed.”
“Surrender now before it’s too late and we will give you a quick death. Jiang Chen, you’re one heck of a guy, even though you’re still growing, you’re already able to cause countless people to be fearful of you. As a form of respect towards you, you wouldn’t want us to tear your corpse into pieces, right?”
Jiang Chen felt heavily pressured from the onslaught of the twenty experts. However, he will not bow down even if he dies.
“Come at me if you have what it takes! Those who do not fear death, come! Those who can take my head will surely rise up towards the highest peak!” Jiang Chen smiled calmly as he fearlessly faced the enemies, it’s been a long time fighting side-by-side with his brother.
Jiang Chen never thought that his brother, Dragon Shisan, would come at the very last second. He didn’t know how Dragon Shisan knew about his situation, but this brother of his came rushing to him as fast as he could, it could be clearly seen from his weary eyes.
“We won’t lose!” Jiang Chen suddenly opened his eyes with anger.
He instantly unleashed the Ancient Soaring Dragon Technique as he’s back to his peak form, reaching the Late Heavenly God Realm!
The Ancient Soaring Dragon Technique boosted Jiang Chen’s strength and also boosted his Dragon Transformation form, making it much more perfect. In his draconic form, he felt a shred of genuine dragon qi rising within his body. He knew that as long as the dragon qi stays inside him, he will once again reach a new realm.
The Ancient Soaring Dragon Technique made his battle strength rise, making his body stronger than your average Peak Heavenly God demonic beast. His physical body couldn’t be harmed by any half-assed attacks.
The Ancient Soaring Dragon Technique had caused the merging of the Heavenly Dragon Sword into his body to be amplified, causing it to become much stronger.
No wonder the Tao Tie was dead set on getting the Ancient Soaring Dragon Technique. Now, Jiang Chen truly understood the greatness of this technique.
“Boy, let’s see what you have left, die! Stubborn fool!” Overlord Sect’s Liu Yang swiftly attacked.
Dragon Shisan versus Jiang Chengzi, these peak Heavenly Gods calmly faced their enemies under the leadership of Jiang Chengzi. There might wasn’t something to scoff at.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2468 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2469


The fight against the Dragon Ape
Jiang Chen retaliated fiercely with his powerful powerful fist and sharp blade, pushing back 500 Heavenly Gods with energy to spare, causing Meng Fanpeng to reevaluate himhim.
“It’s like this fella’s energy is infinite. Looks like we have to end this battle swiftly. The honour of the Linhe Boundary will be disgraced if we Half-Step Divine Kings were needed to put down this lad.” Meng Fanpeng knew that killing Jiang Chen wasn’t easy.
With the current manpower of the Hundred Sect Alliance, it would be a joke if they couldn’t even kill a boy, with Half-Step Divine Kings on-site to boot. However, after seeing that 500 Heavenly Gods weren’t enough to put him down, Li Tianhuo admitted that Jiang Chen was truly terrifying. Meng Fanpeng wanted to use the minimum personnel to defeat Jiang Chen and put him down, but now, it looks like it’s impossible to do so.
Meng Fanpeng had to take into account the honour of the whole Linhe Boundary, and also and also the honour of the Clear Stream Sect. By having such a scale just to kill a little boy, the people from other regions will surely have something to say about this.
“Jiang Chengzi, Liu Yang, don’t hold back. Both of you must kill him! Otherwise, the honour of our Hundred Sect Alliance will be tarnished!” Meng Fanpeng’s ringing voice reverberated through the battlefield.
Jiang Chengzi and Liu Yang shivered. They knew what Meng Fanpeng meant, their sect’s honour was also riding together with the honour of the Linhe Boundary. They must not give Jiang Chen a chance to get away.
“Those who wish to kill me must pay a price.” Jiang Chen harrumphed.
Jiang Chen then forced back 20 twenty Heavenly Gods with his fist. His defensive capabilities were stronger than before, even without the Profound Heavenly Armour. His defensive capabilities have reached the peak with the buff of the Ancient Soaring Dragon Technique.
Liu Yang’s heart slightly trembled from Meng Fanpeng’s words. Because he knew this battle does not only concern him but the whole Linhe Boundary, the Overlord Sect must do their very best.
“Invincible Overlord Punch!” Liu Yang launched the Overlord Sect’s secret technique, causing the air to tremble.
Jiang Chen calmly faced that overbearing punch with his own fist. As both terrifying fistss clashed, a great shockwave spread throughout the area, the tremors reaching even places 800 li far.
Jiang Chen did not use any particular technique, it was just a simple punch. Both of them burst apart after their clash. It looked like they were on-par with each other but Liu Yang’s whole arm was completely numb. He did not expect his sect’s most powerful technique to have such a meagre effect. Jiang Chen didn’t even flinch nor had much of a reaction towards that technique of his. The damage done on Jiang Chen? Negligible.
Jiang Chen calmly smiled. That Invincible Overlord Punch of his is pretty good. I don’t think I can take that technique head-on if it wasn’t for the Ancient Soaring Dragon Technique. 
However, Jiang Chen’s palm was slightly cracked due to the clash and his blood was boiling. Still, it was better than Liu Yang’s situation.
Liu Yang’s expression was extremely ugly. That punch had caused him to be severely injured, not even the Invincible Overlord Punch allowed him to be ‘invincible’.
On the other side, the battle between Shisan and Jiang Chengzi was exceptional. Jiang Chengzi lost the initiative; he, who looked down on Shisan in the beginning, was now being pushed around by Shisan, who was two cultivation realm weaker than him.
Dragon Shisan was able to show them the true meaning of being ‘powerful’: his fighting skills, technique, aura have shocked everybody. Jiang Chengzi was beaten and pushed around by his violent attacks, a Peak Heavenly God, to appear to be so weak…
Meng Fanpeng’s words had moved Jiang Chengzi, he wanted to end this battle as soon as possible. His premonition came true, Jiang Chen’s friend was the same as him, a thorough monster, on-par or probably even greater than Jiang Chen.
“Great Heaven and Earth Cauldron, melt everything!” Jiang Chengzi roared.
It was paramount for him to end this battle fast, to finish off Shisan quickly, to show the world the strength of the Divine Pill Sect. Otherwise, the Hundred Sect Alliance will become a joke for the whole Linhe Boundary, even the neighbouring regions if they caught wind of Jiang Chen and his friend was able to hold their ground for so long.
Jiang Chengzi performed a series of hand seals and a giant cauldron appeared and trapped Shisan. Heavenly flame and tornado brew within the cauldron, as if it was hell on earth inside.
Jiang Chengzi’s technique shocked everyone, truly one that hails from the great sects of Linhe Boundary.
“Now this is interesting!” Dragon Shisan sneered as he revealed his Battle Saint Ape form, shocking everyone instantly.
His body gigantified and his peerless divine staff also expanded to a thousand zhang tall. He then clashed with the Great Heaven and Earth Cauldron. The cauldron started to vibrate from the clash.
“This is? The ancient divine beast Battle Saint Ape?” Meng Fanpeng was shocked.
To think Jiang Chen’s friend was this terrifying too, but luckily he’s just a Peak Early Heavenly God. Not even I would dare to face him head-on if this Battle Saint Ape was at the Peak Heavenly God Realm.
“The ancient Battle Saint Ape, truly domineering. Haha, this  Jiang Chen, he’s already heaven-defying yet his friend is also the same.” Ding Qiudong said with a smile.
“Battle Saint Ape, then, is Jiang Chen  saved?” Xuan Qingming asked quietly.
“Haih, hard! Quite hard!” Ding Qiudong honestly said.
If that Battle Saint Ape is at the Peak Heavenly God Realm, then it’s probable. But he’s very still weak. The kindling of hope failed to shine from Xuan Qingming’s desperate heart.
Dragon Shisan waved his peerless divine staff with vigour as if he was an invincible battle god.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2469 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2470


Devastating Thirteen Staff Strikes
Dragon Shisan’s peerless divine staff and the Battle Saint Technique’s might was fully unleashed. The staff’s attack became much more lethal under the buff of the Battle Saint Technique. The Great Heaven and Earth Cauldron was shattered by Shisan including the Heavenly Flame and tornado that were inside.
Dragon Shisan roared as the Battle Saint Technique seal burst towards the sky. Jiang Chengzi flew backwards and coughed out blood after his Great Heaven and Earth Cauldron broke. Nobody expected Shisan to be this powerful, even defeating Jiang Chengzi.
“I cannot accept this!” Jiang Chengzi gritted his teeth.
He then pierced with his mighty trident. Dragon Shisan’s Battle Saint Technique looked very unstoppable after he managed to break the Great Heaven and Earth Cauldron, and he also shattered the trident with his staff soon after.
“My Heaven Divine Tool!” Jiang Chengzi’s eyes were filled with pain.
He did not expect that his divine tool could be shattered by Dragon Shisan, that average-looking staff was absurdly sturdy.
Jiang Chengzi’s anger was unquenchable. But as he looked up he saw Dragon Shisan’s staff coming straight towards his face; the pressure coming from the staff caused him to gasp for air.
Dragon Shisan’s battle strength, with the help of the battle strength, with the help of the Battle Saint Ape, was truly terrifying. Not even Jiang Chen could measure up against him.
Jiang Chengzi blocked the divine staff with his bare hands, making his whole body submerged into the ground. Both of his arms were shattered as a result and as a result and he coughed a pint of blood from the damage; his breathing became shallow as he was lethally injured.
Who would’ve thought that the might of Shisan’s staff could be this overbearing… Not even Meng Fanpeng could help Jiang Chengzi even if he wanted to.
“Such a powerful fella!”
“Isn’t this Battle Saint Ape too scary? A Peak Early Heavenly God beating Jiang Chengzi down down, one-sidedly to boot. Hmph, this is truly disappointing.”
“I have to say… this Jiang Chengzi has utterly disgraced the Divine Pill Sect.”
“It all depends on Liu Yang now.”
Many people were disappointed with Jiang Chengzi. But nobody knew how terrifying the Battle Saint Ape was except for Chengzi.
Jiang Chengzi quickly retreated as he was heavily injured. But Shisan wasn’t planning on letting him go and struck him with his devastating staff. At this moment, Meng Fanpeng couldn’t stay idle anymore as Jiang Chengzi was special. The Divine Pill Sect will not let this go if he died, not even the Lord of the Alliance would be exempted from their wrath.
Meng Fanpeng acted and blocked Dragon Shisan. Jiang Chengzi was saved.
“Go! Catch that Battle Saint Ape for me.” Meng Fanpeng waved his arm and the 20 Peak Heavenly Gods acted.
They were the few active forces left, the remaining ones now were only the 10 Half-Step Divine Kings.
“A bunch of insects. Today I, Dragon Shisan, shall go on a killing spree!” Dragon Shisan roared.
Like Jiang Chen, he also fought 20 Peak Heavenly Gods, swinging his peerless staff without fear, like a courageous battle god.
The terror of the Battle Saint Ape, it’s mighty staff, it was awesome… Not even the 20 Peak Heavenly Gods could gain an advantage over him.
Jiang Chen watched Liu Yang and the others with cold eyes. The 20 Peak Heavenly Gods used everything they had, making Jiang Chen fight with caution. The Ancient Soaring Dragon Technique was taking a toll on him, he would be sucked dry if he couldn’t end this battle fast.
“Attack with everything you got! Let’s see how he can last!” Liu Yang coldly snorted.
He then rushed forward again, forcing Jiang Chen to retreat again, not giving the latter a breather. Both sides were planning to end this battle fast.
Twenty terrifying Qis burst through the sky, sky, causing the colours of the cloud to change. Jiang Chen and Dragon Shisan fell into a deadlock. No matter how powerful they were, they wouldn’t be able to fight all of those experts alone. Moreover, Meng Fanpeng was standing at the side, quietly observing. He’s the most dangerous foe, a peerless Half-Step Divine King expert. They will surely lose if he joins in the fight.
Jiang Chen and Dragon Shisan withstood the onslaught of the 40 Peak Heavenly Gods, not giving up and backing down.
“Battle Saint Ape, if you’re willing to come under me and become my ride, perhaps, I can let you go. Since there’s no need for you to die. Jiang Chen, on the other hand, had become the enemy of the whole Linhe Boundary, he must die. Why do you need to follow him?” Meng Fanpeng said indifferently, wanting Dragon Shisan to surrender.
Dragon Shisan sneered, disregarding him.
“You? Hahaha. Aren’t you a haughty one. Half-Step Divine King, so what? I’ve never been afraid of anyone. Come and fight me!” Dragon Shisan laughed loudly, making Meng Fanpeng extremely angry.
“Impertinent fool, there won’t be anything left if you die. I’ve given you a chance, it’s a pity that you chose to ignore it.”
Meng Fanpeng’s eyes became cold. These 40 Peak Heavenly Gods were all top experts from various great sects, some were even the Great Elder of their own sect. They gathered here just to kill Jiang Chen and the hopes of many were placed on their shoulders.
“Trying to make me submit? Keep dreaming. Little Chen, watch me, I’ll show them this one’s Devastating Thirteen Staff Strikes that I had created when I was knocking on death’s door.” Dragon Shisan smiled proudly as he exerted the prestige of the Battle Saint Ape and the might of his peerless divine staff.
Who can stop him? The Devastating Thirteen Staff Strike was a peerless staff art with the principle of injuring the enemy along with oneself.
Dragon Shisan laughed proudly as shadows and the images of the staff multiplied. The 20 Peak Heavenly Gods dare not to take it head-on as the Devastating Thirteen Staff Strike was fought using one’s life as leverage.
Each and every strike from the Devastating Thirteen Staff Strike was extremely domineering. Each of those strikes was kamikaze-like. Nobody dared to face that lunatic head-on.
Dragon Shisan fought stronger and braver as the battle went on. This even shocked Jiang Chen. That Devastating Thirteen Staff Strike made him tremble.
“Peerless aura, unhindered under the heavens, who can stop me?!” Dragon Shisan roared.
His technique was invincible as it continuously struck down 13 Peak Heavenly Gods, all of them were smacked faraway and suffered fatal injuries!
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2470 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2471


A Hairbreadth Escape
Dragon Shisan’s Desperate Devastating Thirteen Staff Strike was destructive and devastating. However, this was a battle in which both sides had a lot to lose as Dragon Shisan had suffered severe wounds as well as his enemies. Thirteen Heavenly Gods completely collapsed. Shisan was powerful, unbeatable and incomparable so there was clearly no one that could compare with his unparalleled endurance. However, he was also badly injured. He spurt out a mouthful of blood and stepped back groggily. Jiang Chen was slightly startled as he knew that Dragon Shisan had already reached his ultimate limit by driving the thirteen Heavenly God experts back. Who could possibly defend him now? Jiang Chen’s strength was only at the Early Heavenly God Realm after all.
“What a ferocious strike. It’s a suicide attack but it is also true that he successfully defeated the thirteen of us.”
“But even if he is truly strong, how could he be able to resist our wheel of war tactics? Hahaha.”
“You’re right. I think even Jiang Chen cannot hold up anymore. It’s still pretty impressive that he can withstand it for so long.”
“Jiang Chen, you hour has arrived.”
There were more than 20 Heavenly God Realm experts teaming up and laying siege to Jiang Chen. He was helpless and had lost his initiative to fight them. At the last moment of Dragon Shisan, he successfully saved himself but Jiang Chen sunk into a dangerous and difficult situation.
“Monkey, just hang on.”
Jiang Chen gritted his teeth and said.
After displaying the Ancient Soaring Dragon Technique, his strength was nearly used up. At this moment, Jiang Chen felt desperate and his heart started to despair. However, he still refused to submit to them as this was his faith and will to fight.
“Three Thousand Flames Dragon Seal!”
Jiang Chen attacked and repulsed four of the experts successfully. However, he also cut off his nose to spite his face. Jiang Chen’s back and abdomen could hardly move, every step has become a constraint to him. Under the powerful offensive of the 20 experts from the alliance, it was impossible for him to win over them even if he was strong enough.
“The Fusion of Dragon and Sword!”
Jiang Chen transformed into a Heavenly Dragon Sword, pointed at the farthest horizon and broke through the sky. More than 20 experts assembled, intending to kill Jiang Chen. However the Fusion of Dragon and Swords which was incomparably mighty was able to make more than ten of them retreat and they were severely injured. Jiang Chen had gained the result that he desired but it was a suicide battle. He became exceedingly weak as the divine power in his body had dried up and he was unable to attain the critical point of balance.
Jiang Chen finally managed to defeat the fifteen enemies but there were still twelve Heavenly God experts. Jiang Chen wiped the blood off his mouth, his face looking cold and gloomy. At this moment, the divine strength in his body was completely exhausted. He snarled and pointed his sword toward the sky, as he casted the Man and Sword merging into one. Compared to the Fusion of Dragon and Sword, it was more dreadful and as dazzling as a comet. The remaining 20 people never expected that Jiang Chen who was nearly at his last leg could still have this kind of terrifying fighting force. The twelve of them were killed as a result, their bodies were blown to pieces. No one could survive under Jiang Chen’s Man and Sword merging into one.
“How could this be possible?”
Meng Fanpeng’s eyes looked profound and solemn. How could he remain calm when one of the experts who died was a disciple of his sect? Jiang Chen was struggling, and it seemed like he was powerless to fight back anymore. However, even in a state of near death, he could still impress everyone by killing 20 experts under his sword. This inflicted a huge moral damage to the Hundred Sect Alliance. The twelve Heavenly God Realm experts were killed in the twinkling of an eye. Meng Fanpeng had never witnessed this kind of situation before. All of them were the strongest backbones and even great masters who made their name among their sects.
“This Jiang Chen is truly tenacious.”
“Yes, I have never seen anyone who is as terrifying as this guy. It seems like it is Meng Fanpeng’s turn to fight back now.”
“This Jiang Chen is probably unable to fight anymore. How is it possible for him to fight us in this situation? Hahaha.”
“It’s a pity that Heavenly God Realm experts were sacrificed for the plan of the Hundred Sect Alliance, and it seemed to be a real trial for all the sects.”
While facing countless opponents who were trying to approach him, Jiang Chen’s lips curved into a faint smile, his blood warmed up. As long as he was still alive, he would definitely make his enemies pay the price.
“Jiang Chen, you just impressed me. But everything should come to an end now.”
Meng Fanpeng said lightly.
“Five hundred Heavenly God Realm experts, let’s fight Jiang Chen once again!”
Meng Fanpeng waved his hand and countless experts swamped over. Although some of the Heavenly Gods were badly injured, it was still a piece of cake for them to defeat Jiang Chen who was completely worn out now.
Li Tianhuo was fooling around for a moment. The commander for the five hundred Heavenly Gods reappeared and slowly approached Jiang Chen. At this moment, Jiang Chen and Dragon Shisan felt impotent as they were unable to do anything.
“I think this time will be a life-and-death struggle between the both of us.”
Jiang Chen said with a smile.
“I don’t believe, I won’t die here.”
Dragon Shisan laughed and there was a hint of coldness in his eyes. Paying a debt of gratitude and taking revenge for the injustices were his greatest dream in this life. However, he was compelled in helplessness after he knew that his real grudges against them, and his heart did not belong to him anymore.
“We are going to do all we can in the battle now.”
Jiang Chen glanced at Dragon Shisan. It was the critical moment for the both of them that would determine if they would live or die. Dragon Shisan has never been afraid of death.
Jiang Chen already knew that he was completely wiped out while Dragon Shisan’s divine strength was well-nigh exhausted and was even gravely injured after competing against them. In this battle, whether they win or not was not important, the important thing was that they fought shoulder to shoulder without any regrets. Jiang Chen would not give up even if there was only a slim chance of survival.
Jiang Chen and Dragon Shisan swept into the five hundred experts. Jiang Chen was holding his Heavenly God Sword which was still extraordinarily terrifying. However, the sheer number of enemies had made Jiang Chen covered with scratch and scarred in the back. Each blade and sword chopped his body and his entire body was all slashed up. His blood has integrated with his will to fight. Dragon Shisan was particularly excited, cutting off approximately ten Late Heavenly God Realm experts. But Jiang Chen and Dragon Shisan eventually stood back to back and puffed hard. In this battle, Dragon Shisan tried his best to fight till the end but still lost.
Jiang Chen got down on one knee and vomited blood. Even in the face of death, his eyes were filled with a murderous gleam.
Fusing the lightning was his last chance. But Jiang Chen realized that the only way he could leave here alive was to defeat Meng Fanpeng. However, he didn’t know how impactful the destructive force would be and how much damage would be brought to them if he really decided to cast Lightning Fusion.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2471 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2472


Chapter 2472
Defeat
“I want to merge the lightning, just to transcend the peak. Let’s merge the power of Heavenly Lightning!”
Jiang Chen’s hands were holding Dawn Sky Golden Lightning and the Nine Stars Heavenly Tribulation Lightning. The whole audience became silent when both Heavenly lightnings had appeared. Even Meng Fanpeng was totally shocked as he already knew how terrible the situation would be if Jiang Chen really displayed the Fusion of Lightning. Even if all the Heavenly God Realm experts aligned, it was still impossible for them to defend against the Fusion of Lightning, as the thunder and lightning were intertwined. It was probably impossible and no other power could compete against it.
Like the reincarnation of Heaven, the Heavenly Lightning poured down and broke through the sky. The power of the Heavenly Lightning was staggeringly strong and irresistible, even the entire Heavenly God Realm experts on the scene could hardly resist.
“If you decide to kill me, I am gonna take you all with me. Let’s perish together! Hahaha.”
Jiang Chen roared like thunder. Both Heavenly Lightnings merged together. The horrible power poured down and sprinkled the entire Phoenix Mourning Mountain. However, Jiang Chen still did not forget to protect the disciples in the Phoenix Mourning Mountain.
“Finally it is going to start? But sadly, I am well-prepared for it this time.”
Meng Fanpeng said lightly. There was a light of stiffness and coldness in his eyes. This was the moment that he had been waiting for.
“Everyone, I earnestly hope to get your full support. Only with the union of all the Half-step Divine Kings can we restrain him from bringing a huge disaster. Don’t you ever underestimate the power of the Fusion of the Heavenly Lightning, it can sweep through the universe and split everything into pieces.”
Accompanied by Meng Fanpeng’s howling, the nine greatest Half-step Divine King experts gathered all their strength. This time, there were ten experts including Meng Fanpeng, and their only target was to overcome Jiang Chen’s Fusion of Heavenly Lightning. Five Half-step Divine King Realm experts were almost sacrificed before, so Meng Fanpeng came prepared for this fight.
Following the thunderous clouds, the rainbow-coloured evening light surged up. The heavens and earth constantly changed its colour. Almost half of the five hundred Heavenly Gods were devastated under the power of lightning in the twinkling of an eye. There were cries and sorrowful howls all over the Phoenix Mourning Mountain range. Even the strongest Heavenly Gods had fled helter-skelter.
“Jiang Chen, I’m always incomparable to you even if you are weaker than me.”
Dragon Shisan said unwillingly. However, he felt delightful in the inner depths of his mind, this was truly his brother. Jiang Chen’s Fusion of Lightning was obviously beyond Meng Fanpeng’s expectations.
“We are bound to fight to the death, vanquishing monsters and demolishing demons to defend Linhe Boundary”
The nine Half-step Divine Kings said in unison. At this moment, Jiang Chen had suffered great pressure as the ten greatest experts were above him, and his passage was completely barred. The power of the Fusion of Lightning somehow stagnated as all the strongest experts held their hands to stop it. However, rhe Heavenly Lightning was spotless and perfectly irresistible. The Heavenly Lightning which was intangible and invisible ran throughout the heavens and earth eventually. However, the ten experts were not some nobodies that can be easily dealt with. Together, they were definitely a formidable power. Besides, there were ten of them.
Jiang Chen’s eyes contracted and spelled death. If he could take down more experts, the power of the entire Hundred Sect Alliance would be weakened thoroughly. Meng Fanpeng and the others joined forces to besiege Jiang Chen, intending to constrain his Fusion of Heavenly Lightning. However, Meng Fanpeng had forgotten that Jiang Chen was way stronger than before, and it could even be said to have jumped to the next level. Even if the ten experts had joined together, it was still exceedingly difficult for them to resist his attack. The explosive force was completely unimaginable, and terrifying that it could destroy the universe.
An ear-splitting noise reverberated around the sky and the center of the clash glowed with an incomparably bright light, blasting off toward the galaxies. Jiang Chen was helpless and his power was finally exhausted. His body was overburdened after carrying too much pressure, and it seemed like he had already reached his limit.
The ten strongest experts displayed their own power. There were ten beams of light lighting up the sky and the Fusion of Heavenly Lightning was totally suppressed by them.
Meng Fanpeng and the other nine experts were on another level after all. The Half-step Divine King Realm was not just two realms from Jiang Chen’s realm, instead, the gap was as big as the whole universe. Meng Fanpeng wasn’t so sure if they could really defeat Jiang Chen even if the ten of them hadn’t joined hands together. But the fact proved that the Fusion of Heavenly Lightning was not unbeatable. Jiang Chen was defeated by the joint forces of the ten experts although they had also suffered severe injuries. The Fusion of Heavenly Lightning still made them feel frightened.
“What a terrifying Fusion of Heavenly Lightning, it was like the end of the world.”
“Even so, you are still bound to die today.”
The ten great experts broke through Jiang Chen’s Fusion of Heavenly Lightning. Jiang Chen’s body got thrown out. Whether he would live or die could be decided in an instant.
Dragon Shisan’s pupil constricted. He felt Jiang Chen’s body which was dilapidated and was dying.
Jiang Chen had never expected that Meng Fanpeng would come prepared and all the ten greatest experts could resist his greatest strike.
“Enter the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda quickly!”
It seemed like the divine light in Jiang Chen’s eyes wasn’t keen. At this moment, Jiang Chen released the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda and both of them entered the pagoda instantly. But the moment right after he entered the pagoda, he had already fainted and lost consciousness.
“What a great pagoda, I will definitely keep it for myself!”
Meng Fanpeng stared at the pagoda and there was a sparkle in his eyes. He coveted Jiang Chen’s Heavenly Dragon Sword and Ancestral Dragon Pagoda.
The others were shocked as they watched Jiang Chen enter the Ancestral Dragon pagoda but they were helpless and desperate.
“What’s happening? Did Jiang Chen just enter the pagoda?”
The Ancestral Dragon Pagoda was about ten feet tall but Jiang Chen was too weak and was now unable to make it transform and disappear. The other nine experts were astonished and starred at the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda with sparkling eyes. A divine tool that could help one shutter through space was rare but it was not impossible to get. The Spatial Divine Tool was different as it was a treasure which could be used to accommodate any creatures. It roused everyone’s envy, Jiang Chen had not even reached the Heavenly God Realm but he already had such a precious treasure in his hand.
If it was a Spatial Divine Tool which could accommodate anything, it was equal to a moving space. And if the space was even big enough, it could be a moving universe.
“The pagoda is truly tempting and made people have an insane desire to get it. Haha.
“True. This pagoda is really a magnificent treasure.”
“Meng Fanpeng, now I understand the reason that you swear to take his life with such a great effort.”
Meng Fanpeng frowned slightly. This guy obviously took an interest in getting the pagoda. However, taking over this precious pagoda was not a simple thing that everyone could do.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2472 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2473


Chapter 2473
Life Symbol Art
“Everyone, the only reason that I am bound to kill this person is to protect the lives in Linhe Boundary. Everyone desperately wants him dead.”
The rest of the people nodded their heads but who would believe in this cock and bull story. It was difficult to endure the temptation of getting a terrifying Spatial Divine Tool. It was obvious that Meng Fanpeng owed Jiang Chen a grudge after showing his Ancestral Dragon Pagoda. All he wanted was nothing but the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda. He did not even care about Jiang Chen’s life and how many people were sacrificed. He was just trying to be awe-inspiring and construct a righteous narrative to air his dignity.
“Just have a shot at it. It won’t be easy to get this Ancestral Dragon Pagoda as it is harder than you would have ever imagined.”
Meng Fanpeng said with a slight smile.
The pagoda was exceedingly strong. At the moment, there were nine of them who were eager to have a try, they were salivating for this Spatial Divine Tool. Once someone managed to obtain it, a fierce battle among them would be unavoidable.
“Although this pagoda is incredible, it also depends on the owner who controls it.”
Li Gui Gaiying from Ghost Eye Sect sneered and said in disdain. He hit the Ancestral Dragon out of the blue. Unexpectedly, the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda cracked from that hit alone. Even the golden light on the surface became fragmented.
Not only Meng Fanpeng, even Dragon Shisan in the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda draw a cold breath.
“With Jiang Chen’s breath becoming weaker and weaker, the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda is also gradually weakening and blurring.”
Dragon Shisan’s eyes seemed cold and gloomy but there was nothing he could do because he could not hold Ancestral Dragon Pagoda under his control.
This was the first time Jiang Chen’s breath became this weak and he was slowly fading away. The defence of the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda was also weakened. Li Gui Gaiying split the mountains and the whole Ancestral Dragon Pagoda was shaken.
“Jiang Chen, you wouldn’t just die right?”
Dragon Shisan’s gaze was sharp. He stared straight back at Jiang Chen, he looked dignified and worried.
“I don’t think this pagoda will just easily collapse like this.”
Everyone there staggered, and even Meng Fanpeng felt astonished at the collapse of the pagoda. At this moment, although Jiang Chen had defeated hundreds of Heavenly God Realm experts, what the ten strongest experts were truly concerned about was just the tiny exquisite pagoda. Even if Jiang Chen had committed all kinds of atrocities and had killed countless people, they showed greater concern with Jiang Chen’s tiny pagoda now that their own interest was piqued.
“It seems like this guy has many hidden secrets. But this pagoda is not as strong as what I thought it would be.”
Ding Qiudong said in a low murmur. Everyone was watching this battle in silence. Even an expression of admiration crossed Ding Qiudong’s face but he was clear about his position and present situation. The main purpose of his presence here was to protect the Profound Feng Sect, so it was impossible for him to be eager for Jiang Chen’s belongings.
However, these people were different. Everyone wanted to put him to death and eventually, they would definitely lay their hands on the treasured pagoda. Even Ding Qiudong suspected that Meng Fanpeng made great effort to take Jiang Chen’s life just because of his greed for Jiang Chen’s treasure.
Dragon Shisan looked fixedly at Jiang Chen. He was anxious and worried as he watched Jiang Chen’s breath becoming extremely weak. It was possible that he would die at any moment. Dragon Shisan never expected Jiang Chen would suffer severe injury and he could not believe that all these happened. Everything was like a dream, flying away like clouds.
“Attack!”
Li Gui Gaiying struck once again. The golden Ancestral Dragon Pagoda shook and crumbled. The sky burst with golden sparks and it looked like the pagoda could possibly be split into half at any time. Jiang Chen stayed still with a blank expression. There was frustration and anger in Dragon Shisan’s eyes, his fist was clenched, he was in distress.
At this moment, Jiang Chen seemed lifeless and the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda did not take any initiative in defending the attack. Once Jiang Chen died, the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda would probably shatter and collapse following his death.
Dragon Shisan could clearly see that the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda was filled with cracks. Li Gui Gaiying’s strike was comparatively strong for the Pagoda and the blows launched by a Mid-Divine King were extremely strong as well.
With each punch hitting the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda, more and more cracks appeared as it constantly buzzed.
Jiang Chen’s heart has stopped beating at the moment.
“Success or not is on the line this time. Show up now, Life Symbol Art!”
There was a sparkle in Dragon Shisan’s eyes. Life Symbol Art was one of the most significant techniques among all his Battle Saint Techniques. Dragon Shisan tried to exert Life Symbol Art on Jiang Chen by force. By doing this, Dragon Shisan himself was greatly harmed. But there was no other choice as this would be the only way to save Jiang Chen. Dragon Shisan decided to burn his bridges behind him even if it could possibly eradicate one hundred years of his lifespan.
Dragon Shisan was exerting the Battle Saint Techniques constantly, pressed tightly between Jiang Chen’s eyebrows.
Jiang Chen’s life was unexpectedly preserved. The Life Symbol Art was revolving madly at the moment and Jiang Chen got his strength back slowly.
Dragon Shisan’s Life Symbol Art raised Jiang Chen from death. The energy in Jiang Chen’s body was recovering rapidly. The Life Symbol Art created a dramatic turnaround and Jiang Chen’s strength was gradually restored. Dragon Shisan looked up at Jiang Chen, a faint smile flickered across his lips.
“Jiang Chen, it seems like you are immortal and unkillable.”
Dragon Shisan could feel that Jiang Chen’s breath was restored.The Ancestral Dragon Pagoda began to slowly restore as well. The cracks previously formed were reduced and eventually disappeared. The Pagoda which was previously torn apart, was repaired with visible speed. Even under the bombardment of Li Gui Gaiying, it was still able to transform from a trash into a treasure again which made Meng Fanpeng and Li Gui Gaiying feel astounded.
It was a real Spatial Divine Tool. It was able to restore by itself, its self-repairing capability was extraordinarily strong and unprecedented. The strength in Jiang Chen’s body was continuously recovered and all the creatures’ spirits began to converge into his body. At the moment, no one knew how much strength had been absorbed by Jiang Chen. The entire Phoenix Mourning Mountain was changing. The woods and leaves withered, birds and beasts escaped, waterfalls dried up and earth cracking. The only reason that these happened was because Jiang Chen tried to restore his power by absorbing the energy around him.
Meng Fanpeng felt terrified and shocked with its self restoration ability. Even if it was any divine tool, it would have been damaged after Li Gui Gaiying’s strikes. But the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda which nearly collapsed before could heal itself at such an unbelievable speed, which was really amazing. At this moment, it was fully restored with bright glittering golden light.
The strength in Jiang Chen’s body was growing strong and his heart started beating again. The Life Symbol Art preserved his life at his last gasp.
There was a huge and rapid change of Jiang Chen’s strength and he was completely transformed in this battle. Not only his strength, even his fighting force was increased constantly. He was now reborn after undergoing a trial of death!
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2473 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2474


Chapter 2474
You can give it a try
Jiang Chen gathered the energy from the entire Phoenix Mourning Mountain in three days. The moment Jiang Chen opened his eyes, he had finally reached the Half-step Heavenly God Realm and there were countless dragon marks growing on his body. There were 3.29 million now! His strength had increased to another level and the Purple Golden Divine Spark in his body glowed with magnificent and glittering light at the moment. Jiang Chen realized that only the true Heavenly God Realm could have such great power.
At this moment, a tremendous cloud and thunderstorm appeared above his head. In the midst of a thunderstorm were bolts of lightning and frightening thunder.
“How did this happen? Is this the Lightning Tribulation that only happens when a Divine King makes a breakthrough?”
“It seems like there is someone that’s about to make a breakthrough. Congratulations, everyone.”
“That’s right. But who is going to achieve the Divine King Realm?”
The ten of them stared at each other in astonishment. Although they seemed to be saying it with some compliments, none of them were willing to accept this situation. If there was someone who was really about to breakthrough to Divine King Realm at this moment, it means that a strong dominant overlord would be born and it would eventually tilt the balance of the entire Linhe Boundary.
Over the past four thousand years, there were no Divine Kings who had ever arisen in the entire Linhe Boundary. Although there were Half-step Divine Kings, they were just one step away from being a real Divine King. However, even if those experts were already close to the Divine King realm, they still failed to achieve it.
How could the Divine King Realm be easily broken through? A Half-step Divine King needed to assemble and accumulate the divine strength in the body. But for making a breakthrough and reaching the Divine King realm, it depends on one’s insight and enlightenment as well. Even if one was just a step away, a decision made in a moment would make a difference. Among all of the Half-step Divine Kings who lived to thousands of years, there was no one who could achieve a breakthrough to the Divine King Realm.
Meng Fanpeng was nearing his end. If he could not make a breakthrough to Divine King Realm in ten years, he would possibly meet his end. He kept looking for an opportunity and the precious Ancestral Dragon Pagoda in Jiang Chen’s hands was the only turning point for him now.
“It’s not me. Are you?”
“No, neither am I.”
“Look. In the midst of the thunderstorm, there is the precious pagoda. How is that possible? Is he going to make a breakthrough? It doesn’t make sense at all.”
Everyone felt astonished, and doubtful at this moment.
“It is my first time to witness the Lightning Tribulation of the Divine King. This will be a kind of experience and inspiration for me to break through to the Divine King Realm.”
Meng Fanpeng and others were extremely dignified. The terrifying Lightning Tribulation showed that this was the real Lightning Tribulation of a Divine King.
Jiang Chen had completely recovered in the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda. Thousands of power assembled in his body, and he eventually reached the Heavenly God Realm.
“Brother, you have never let me down.”
Dragon Shisan threw a punch at Jiang Chen but a smile covered his face. At this moment, there were countless streaks of white growing in Dragon Shisan’s hair.
“It’s time for us to strike back.”
Jiang Chen said with a smile while touching the corners of his lips. He wished to pay everyone a resounding slap as he would like to prove that he could rule over the whole Linhe Boundary, and had never yielded himself.
“Are you confident for this fight? Those old guys are all Half-step Divine Kings after all.”
Dragon Shisan asked in a low voice.
“What’s the chance of survival for those Half-step Divine Kings to bear the Lightning Tribulation of the Divine King Realm?”
Jiang Chen said with ease, and a smile plastered on his lips. At this moment, he had a strong and great will to fight.
“In this battle, I would like to make the entire Linhe Boundary be buried. Do you think these despicable guys deserve to own this Ancestral Dragon Pagoda?”
Jiang Chen and Dragon Shisan stepped out of the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda in the twinkling of an eye. Jiang Chen’s breath became calm and stable, and even more ferocious at that moment.
“How could you still revive? Don’t tell me that this is your Lightning Tribulation.”
Li Gui Gaiying said in a deep voice, feeling completely shocked and astonished.
“What if it’s true? Isn’t it the moment that you have been longing for? It is my real pleasure to have the Lightning Tribulation upon my head. This is what you guys have been anticipating all the time right? Now, here is the chance for you to feel what is the real Lightning Tribulation of a Divine King!”
Jiang Chen said with a cold laugh, and his glance swept over everyone present on the scene. The thunderclouds rapidly spread across the sky. Jiang Chen looked up into the sky with leisure and confidence. This Lightning Tribulation can do nothing to him.
All of the old codgers who were Half-step Divine Kings and the rest of the Heavenly God Realm experts would definitely sink into despair.
“Jiang Chen, are you going to release the Lightning Tribulation here? Are you out of your mind?”
“You are actually committing suicide now. Don’t you dare bury us with you even if you decide to kill yourself.”
“That’s right. Do you know how many people will die here?”
“Are you going to ignore the lives of the hundreds and thousands of disciples in the Phoenix Mourning Mountain?”
The face of Meng Fanpeng and the rest turned sour. Not only the Heavenly God Realm experts, even the Half-step Divine Kings could hardly resist the Lightning Tribulation.
“Seems like this guy is truly insane.”
Ding Qiudong unconsciously stepped back. The Lightning Tribulation was completely formed and it could descend at any time. The Lightning Tribulation of a Divine King was an existence that had a terrifying and devastating force which could destroy the world easily. Meng Fanpeng, Li Gui Gaiying and the others could not stay still.
“You’re wrong. Nothing will happen to our Profound Feng Sect, but all of you must die.”
Jiang Chen was like an insane gambler. His eyes were filled with intense murderous intent. He had his back to the wall and he was bound to fight to the death. If the Life Symbol Art did not bring him back to life at his last gasp, he would have died in their hands. He was determined to take his revenge on them, he wanted to kill all of them as his dignity could not be trampled under their feet.
Jiang Chen immediately formed the Zi Luo Thousand Illusory Formation within the Profound Feng Sect by using twenty Supreme Grade Divine Stones. In Heavenly God Realm, only Jiang Chen could display such a horrifying formation to protect the Profound Fect Sect with ease.
“Form the Zi Luo Thousand Illusory Formation ! Don’t worry, Sect Lord. I will never damage a blade of grass and tree in the entire Profound Feng Sect. This is what I owed to Profound Feng Sect. However, I will not have anything to do with Profound Feng Sect from now on.
“Everyone else has to die in this fight!”
Jiang Chen looked up to the sky, and flew high above the heavens and formed the Little Ashura Sword Formation once again. And this time, he placed all of the Supreme-Grade Divine Stones to block the path of Meng Fanpeng and the others.
“Let’s see how you guys can escape from this Little Ashura Sword Formation! Hahaha.”
Jiang Chen laughed heartily. His laughter was deafening and ear-splitting which also sounded like a declaration of their death.
“This Lightning Tribulation is really that terrifying?”
“That’s right. It is unbelievable that Meng Fanpeng and those ten great experts could not stop Jiang Chen even though they have joined forces.”
“I doubt Jiang Chen can do this. He is just a Mid Heavenly God while Meng Fanpeng and the others were all Half-step Divine Kings. The gap between their power is enormous, they are just incomparable.”
Most of the Heavenly God Realm experts were trying to convince themselves that nothing would happen. But Meng Fanpeng and the others’ solemn expression said everything.
“Do you think you can trap us with this formation?”
Li Gui Gaiying grounded his teeth. He wished that he could eat Jiang Chen’s flesh and snatch that exquisite precious pagoda from him.
“You can give it a try.”
Jiang Chen shrugged.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2474 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2475


Chapter 2475
Being Ruthless
At the moment, Jiang Chen had the upper hand. It was beyond everyone’s expectation that Jiang Chen, who was at his last breath just a while ago, could frighten them right now.
Li Gui Gaiying’s face looked gloomy. He was not afraid of this formation but he was afraid of being unable to get out of this formation, and get killed by the Lightning Tribulation. Since they had not breakthrough to Divine King Realm yet, of course they would not have much control over the Lightning Tribulation of the Divine King Realm.
“ I am going to see if your lousy formation can trap me or not.”
Li Gui Gaiying did not trust Jiang Chen’s power, so he rushed into the formation with his best attacks. His dreadful aura swept across in all directions, crashing into Little Ashura Sword Formation. However, what came to him was a thousand terrifying sword shadows that broke through the void. He was still able to resist some of the strikes, but the sword formation had become stronger now after his attacks.
More than ten Heavenly Gods were immediately killed.
Everyone’s eyes were filled with fear and horror. Who knew that Jiang Chen would turn the situation around and now all of them were like confined beasts in the battle field.
Li Gui Gaiying kept attacking but each of his strikes failed to hit Jiang Chen’s formation. All of his attacks were repulsed by the dreadful sword shadows.
On the other side, dreadful purple thunderous clouds started accumulating together. Previously, many of those who wanted to break through to the Divine King Realm were buried under the Lightning Tribulation. The chance of surviving the tribulation was less than ten percent. Everyone there did not have the power to withstand the Heavenly Lightning Tribulation and they were completely trapped by the formation. As soon as the Heavenly Lightning Tribulation fell, all of them had to face a life-and-death battle. Everything would be shattered and turned into ashes under Heavenly Lightning Tribulation.
Meng Fanpeng and the others began to make heavy blows against the Little Ashura Sword Formation, but it was to no avail. Instead, more and more Heavenly God Realm experts were eliminated by the sword formation. Now, there were only two hundred Late Heavenly Gods left. All of them were exhausted and looked horrified.
Meng Fanpeng and the others were also incomparably worried. Although they could still withstand the Little Ashura Sword Formation, they might be striked into ashes by the Lightning Tribulation of the Divine King Realm.
The Heavenly Lighting Tribulation almost began. Jiang Chen was still very relaxed and confident, but Meng Fanpeng and the others were now very nervous like the ants on the hot pan. They were panicking as Jiang Chen was going to take revenge and kill all of them. A battle of vengeance was going to start soon!
“Jiang Chen, don’t be stubborn. Break the formation and let us out. Otherwise, you would be killed here as well.”
“That’s right. You have provoked everyone and even heaven’s anger. We are going to forgive you if you break the formation. Otherwise, you will see what consequence you will receive.”
“You are going to receive your karma soon.”
Jiang Chen smiled contemptuously. He was completely speechless as he listened to these people’s words. Were they crazy to still try to threaten him at this moment? He really did not understand if they were really retarded or was just faking it out.
“Are you kidding me? Haha. Where is your power that you had when you were chasing after me? Five hundred experts tried to suppress me, eliminate me and push me to a dead end. Why don’t you think more thoughtfully? Why did you not feel guilty when you wanted to kill me to get my treasure? Do I deserve to be killed by you? And I shouldn’t kill you? Are these really your thoughts? Do you really think that I’m easy to bully? I am sure that I will kill you guys and I will not let anyone stay alive today.”
Jiang Chen’s aura was like a dragon and he was overbearing. However, Meng Fanpeng and the others still did not take any action because they felt that it was completely moral to kill Jiang Chen. They did not feel guilty at all because they felt Jiang Chen deserved death..
Jiang Chen smiled coldly, he did not really care about these people. When they pushed him to the dead end, had they thought about his innocence? How daring were they to ask him to spare their life in such an arrogant manner?
Jiang Chen was fed up with these people. This battle was going to be a battle he fought for himself!
“Well said, Little Chen. None of them are good men, they just want to kill you in the name of justice. They thought they were very noble. Do you really think that you could control others’ life and death? Why? You guys should taste despair now.”
Dragon Shisan’s eyes looked ruthless without any compassion. Death was the best thing they deserved.
“Bullsh*t. You’re the common enemy of the whole Linhe Boundary right now. When you die, the peace will be restored. How many people have you killed and how much blood has stained your hands? Stop it before it’s too late. If you continue to make mistakes like this, no one would be able to save you,” Meng Fanpeng said with a deep voice.
“Are you going to preach me now? Hehehe. Meng Fanpeng, you deserve death more than others. No one would be able to run away from my palm. These people that you summoned are going to die because of you. I never know what mercy is, so it doesn’t matter if I kill everyone. So what if I am a demon?” Jiang Chen said in disdain.
“Are you really going to do this?”
Xuan Qingming murmured. He did not know if Jiang Chen was right or wrong. However, if Jiang Chen did not choose to do this, he might be the one who died. He had no choice at all.
All the thunderous clouds were gathered into one place, just above their head. When the Lightning Tribulation appeared, Jiang Chen soared up to the sky and came closer to it. He was dealing with the thunder and lightning alone.
Everyone, including Meng Fanpeng and the others, was stunned and took a cold breath as they looked at Jiang Chen. This was completely out of their expectation.
Jiang Chen was like taking a shower in the thunder and lightning. He was not hurt at all and the thunderous sea was like a bathtub to him.
Jiang Chen’s divine light shone out in all directions and he managed to control the dreadful Heavenly Lightning Tribulation. Finally, Meng Fanpeng and the others who were trapped in the Little Ashura Sword Formation looked completely stunned and anxious as they knew that their last day was here.
“Jiang Chen, you will be punished by heaven.”
Meng Fanpeng said solemnly.
“Punished by heaven? Hahaha, I am in heaven. If god is going to stop me, I will kill god. If the demon is going to stop me, I am going to slaughter the demon. If heaven is going to stop me, I am going to rule over heaven. This is my philosophy, my philosophy of heaven!”
Jiang Chen smiled brightly in the thunderous sea. Meng Fanpeng and others were panicking under the torture of the Divine King Realm Lightning Tribulation. Each of them were growling in pain and begging for survival. Yet, none of their crops and bone remained.
Jiang Chen did not show any facial expression. This was their destiny!
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2475 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2476


Chapter 2476
The appearance of a Divine King
Thunder and lightning filled the skies of Phoenix Mourning Mountain. The roaring and crashing of the lightning filled the air as hundreds of Heavenly Gods were struck into nothingness.
Thunderstorms and rain fell, lightning struck across the battlefield, a Divine King’s Heavenly Lightning Tribulation was a nightmare for all those present on the scene, nobody could withstand its might. And with the addition of the sword formation, those Late Heavenly Gods instantly perished.
To survive from the Heavenly Lightning Tribulation, they needed to reach the Divine King Realm.
In the end, only a few were left within the Little Ashura Sword Formation. Jiang Chen looked up towards Meng Fanpeng and the others who were defending with all their might. They were all heavily injured, even the mighty Half-Step Divine Kings were caught off-guard.
“Jiang Chen, you damned devil, you’ll die a horrible death. Argh.. my arm…”
“I’ll curse you even if I die. Jiang Chen, curse you!!!”
There was no emotion in Jiang Chen’s eyes, neither sadness nor happiness. He was unfazed by the curse and anger of those Heavenly God experts.
This was his moment, his vengeance, his revenge. These people wasted no effort in trying to kill him. He can also do the same to them. ‘It’s always us or ME that is the greatest and the others are nothing, just trash.’ Therefore, nobody would pity nor care if Jiang Chen were to die, yet their death was the cause of Jiang Chen’s brutality and cruelty. What is this reasoning?
What difference does killing one and killing ten have? They were all murders, the difference was just the methods.
Jiang Chen never thought anything was wrong, this was the world of cultivation, these people would point their spears and blade towards him even if he was benevolent. Jiang Chen might as well kill them all and be rid of all the threats that may fall onto him in the future.
This was not cruelty nor brutality, Jiang Chen had a kind heart but it’s not for his enemies, this was a battle to the death. He would’ve already perished if it weren’t for Dragon Shisan risking his own life.
Who should I seek for revenge? Jiang Chen chuckled. Nobody could understand him as they had viewed him as a madman. I have my own path, to be benevolent, to be cruel, I have my own plan. Who can stop or control me?!
“Who cares about how others view me? Just? Evil? Others view me as a monster, hah, I must be delusional. Hahaha!” Jiang Chen roared.
In the end, the ones remaining in the sword formation were getting fewer and fewer, only ash remained from those Heavenly God experts.
Jiang Chen single handedly destroyed the Hundred Sect Alliance, an alliance that possessed 70-80% power of the whole Linhe Boundary. Almost all of them perished in a single battle. Who would’ve thought that a weak sect had managed to cultivate such a monstrous kid, who managed to challenge and defeat the whole Linhe Boundary? Who could’ve believed that?
The confidence of Meng Fanpeng and the others were shattered. Jiang Chen may not be on their level but he still managed to massacre countless Heavenly God experts, even the survivors were in great danger.
This was their first time witnessing someone using a Heavenly Lightning Tribulation to kill their enemies. Because once the one undergoing the tribulation were to die, the lightning tribulation would immediately disappear. None of them had expected Jiang Chen to be able to ignore the lightning tribulation. Everyone’s view on the world had been thrown out of the window, it was not logical.
“These fellas should all go to hell. Little Chen, you did an awesome job, such dominance, such boldness, to dare go against the whole Linhe Boundary. Hahaha. But I like it! They should all go to hell.” Dragon Shisan looked at Jiang Chen.
He hasn’t changed, he’s more calm and collected than before, able to analyse the situation and not act recklessly.
This is how a great person should be!
The Divine World, the leader of the myriad worlds, with millions of elite cultivators, has boundless cultivation resources that could easily give birth to countless experts. He was fated to become one of the brightest stars in the sky, but Jiang Chen was like a silent and calm soldier that was awaiting his opportunity to shine.
“You’re right, everyone deserves to die, because they messed with the wrong guy. I have risked my life to save the elites of each sect but in the end, I got framed as a heartless murderer. Hehe, isn’t this hilarious? If it’s hard to be a good person, why not become a villain, instead. One needed a reason to save a person but one doesn’t need a single reason to kill another.” Jiang Chen’s calm voice was filled with sarcasm.
Dragon Shisan could feel the resentment within Jiang Chen’s heart. Who could remain calm after all of that? To be framed after saving others with the risk of dying in the process. How sad could it be, to be hunted without knowing the truth, these people truly deserved to die.
“This fella is truly… a peerless monster. He’s trying to kill the ten Half-Step Divine King experts… The whole Linhe Boundary will surely not forgive him if he really did it. He’ll surely die if a Divine King decides to act.” Ding Qiudong sighed.
He felt admiration towards Jiang Chen, not even he himself could have such boldness. However, the Clear Stream Sect, Ghost Eye Sect and Divine Pill Sect were not weak sects, they most likely have Divine Kings within their ranks. Once those monsters act, Jiang Chen will undoubtedly die.
Jiang Chen was pushed to the edge, to fight for his very life. Nobody will let him go even if he were to give up fighting, he had too many things on him that had attracted the greed and attention of others.
Those 108 Peak Divine Tools were enough to make them drool. Those blades were easily stronger than the arsenals of the Heavenly Gods here, lest to those without Divine Tools in their possession.
“Jiang Chen must have his difficulties, I choose to believe him no matter what. Even though he had chosen to kill them, I believe that he was forced to do so, yet his sadness and helplessness could not be understood by others.” Xuan Qingming looked in Jiang Chen’s perspective, those people really deserved to die.
Meng Fanpeng and the others fell into despair because they were under the barrage of the Heavenly Lightning. The divine energy within their body was all used to defend against the Heavenly Lightning, but the energy of the lightning was enormous, not even them, the top ten experts, could withstand the Diving King Realm’s Heavenly Lightning Tribulation.
All of a sudden, two figures shot through the skies and arrived at the battlefield, brightly lighting up the sky with divine brilliance.
Jiang Chen squinted his eyes, feeling his whole body in extreme pressure as if a mountain was weighing down upon his shoulder, pinning him down on the spot.
“Little bastard, to think you’re this cruel and cunning, you deserve a painful death.” A loud ringing voice reverberated through the battlefield as if it could pierce the souls of men.
Jiang Chen looked up and a bright ray of light shone.
He knew that this fella must be a Divine King!
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2476 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2477


Chapter 2477
Disdain
Divine King!
Jiang Chen looked at the old man, frowning. He had what it takes to kill a Half-Step Divine King but not a real Divine King. Schemes and tricks were useless in the face of absolute strength. Jiang Chen was strong enough to kill a Half-Step Divine King but he couldn’t lift a finger against a true Divine King.
The old man’s expression was calm. He’s donning on a white-robe with his long beard that could even touch the ground. His aura was as cold as ice while looking at Jiang Chen. The latter felt immense pressure crushing upon his body. So this is a Divine King expert?
The other Divine King was wearing a black-robe, possessing the same mighty aura as the white-robed old man, looking peaceful and respected.
Currently, Meng Fanpeng’s and the others’ eyes were burning with hope. The look of despair they had before was long gone.
“Old Ancestor, save me!” Meng Fanpeng said as he looked at the white-robed old man.
It looked like it’s not their time to die yet. Meng Fanpeng knew that his saviour had come and they got extremely excited.
“I am here, Old Ancestor.” Ghost Eye Sect’s Li Gui Gaiying too waved as he looked at the black-robed old man.
“To be pushed towards the edge by a trash who isn’t even a Heavenly God. You dare call yourself the Hundred Sect Alliance? Meng Fanpeng, you have disgraced the Clear Stream Sect.” Di Longqing said with a calm expression. But his terrifying prestige spread across the whole battlefield.
As the Old Ancestor of Clear Stream Sect, it’s been a thousand years since he personally made an appearance, and for the purpose of saving the disciples of the sect to boot. A Half-Step Divine King lost against a kid who wasn’t even a Heavenly God, the Old Ancestor’s face was thrown to the gutter by his incompetent disciple.
Jiang Chen and Shisan looked at each other. This fella is too strong, a Divine King is not someone that we could face right now.
“These two fellas are probably Divine King experts!” Dragon Shisan said quietly with a solemn expression.
“Different situations call for different action.”
Although Jiang Chen looked calm on the surface, in the face of these two Divine Kings, he knew that all his cards had become pretty much useless against them.
Meng Fanpeng and Li Gui Gaiying were sweating profusely, they dare not to look up towards their sect’s ancestors. However, it was great that they were saved. Otherwise, Jiang Chen will have become a legend as he would’ve killed the ten Half-Step Divine King experts, and the Hundred Sect Alliance will become a joke of the entire Linhe Boundary for ages to come.
“Jiang Chen, let’s see how you’re going to run now, with the Old Ancestor present, you won’t be able to get away no matter what schemes you have.” Meng Fanpeng glared at Jiang Chen with his sharp and lively eyes.
Di Longqing glanced at Jiang Chen indifferently and said calmly:
“To think that such a monster could emerge in this place, it’s pretty interesting. However, you caused my Clear Stream Sect to lose face and you have killed many of us, you’re bound to be punished, surrender now and we’ll make it easy for you.” Di Longqing said as if he’d given Jiang Chen a death sentence.
The mighty Divine Kings looked down on the weak little fella that hasn’t even reached the Heavenly God Realm. Although he was pretty clever in killing hundreds of Heavenly Gods, and almost successfully killing Meng Fanpeng and the other experts, he could no longer do anything now that Di Longqing was present.
One’s strength is the source of one’s right to speak.
“Should I quietly wait for others to kill me? Hehe, it’s such a funny joke, is that the belief of the great sects? This is hilarious.” Jiang Chen replied with disdain.
He was unfazed even in the face of two Divine King experts. Excellent composure.
“Clever kid, strength or honour, which do you think is important?” The black-robed old man said with a slight smile as he stared at Jiang Chen coldly.
Jiang Chen felt immensely pressured, he could feel his blood running amok within his body under this heavy pressure.
“Old Ancestor, that kid is too arrogant, he’s even disregarding you, you must kill him.” Li Gui Gaiying gritted his teeth, his hatred towards Jiang Chen was at its peak.
With his heavy injuries he would at least need several years to return to his peak condition. These injuries were the most severe that he had ever suffered over the course of several hundred years. The others too hoped that the Old Ancestors would swiftly eliminate this kid.
“Ignorant fool, hehehe, interesting. A brainless young man. But you’re pretty capable, to turn the whole Linhe Boundary upside down. But you’re just too capricious, presumptuous, killing too many people in the process, you’re doomed to die. ” Di Longqing smiled.
He was confident that he could kill Jiang Chen easily. Could a mere True God get away from him?
“I will take everybody down with me if I were to die!” Jiang Chen said coldly.
“Haha, such great imagination, boy. Your end is near yet you’re still this calm. Colour me impressed. My Ghost Eye Sect lacks such a hard-headed person. There hasn’t been anyone who could withstand my techniques.” Li Xiechi laughed as he looked at Di Longqing.
Both of them felt disdain, albeit feeling amused towards this young man. Since it was rare for anyone to cause them to feel rage. They were like gods within the Linhe Boundary, nobody dared to offend them, they were the literal emperor in the whole Linhe Boundary.
“You’re pretty interesting. However, there’s no chance for you, with me being here.” Di Longqing said as he launched a simple palm strike.
Yet, that palm strike was devastating, causing Meng Fanpeng and the others to gasp. A simple strike from a Divine King expert was nothing to scoff at.
Jiang Chen faced that strike with his Heavenly Dragon Sword. But he was pushed backwards in distraught, however, he wasn’t heavily injured from that strike.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2477 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2478


Chapter 2478
Battling Divine Kings Alone
Even so, Jiang Chen was struck with a violent surge of emotion, a Half-Step Divine King and a genuine Divine King were totally different. A true expert could easily force him to use everything he had just to block a simple attack from them. Two Divine Kings… Jiang Chen truly felt the threat of death looming upon him. Is this truly my end?
Jiang Chen looked up towards the sky, the thunder clouds were still there and the lightning was still striking down. Meng Fanpeng and the others were still defending the lightning with their very lives. Jiang Chen knew that he needed to take that opportunity.
“Not bad, to think you can withstand my attack. Pretty good.” Di Longqing was slightly shocked as he looked at Jiang Chen.
Even a Half-Step Divine King would need a lot of effort to block that attack of his. Yet Jiang Chen managed to block it, withstood it without getting any injury. This True God little fella is truly mysterious.
“Great blade, it’s a pity that you’re unworthy of it.”
Di Longqing and Li Xie immediately found out that Jiang Chen’s blade was exceptional.
“That sword is mine.” Di Longqing said with a pale smile.
“Then, his body is mine.” Li Xie looked at Di Longqing.
Both of them looked at each other and smiled, feeling satisfied.
“Surrender now, perhaps, I can make it easy for you.” Li Xie looked at Jiang Chen coldly, as if he was looking at a puppet.
“Wanna kill me? Not so easy. You want me dead? I’m going to bury the whole Hundred Sect Alliance first. Nobody shall leave this place alive. I always stay true to my word.”
Jiang Chen, Di Longqing and Li Xie looked at each other. At this moment, the duo shook their heads, because Jiang Chen was really too naive. They could easily kill him with just one hand, as easy as killing an ant, yet Jiang Chen still wanted to struggle towards the very end.
“Jiang Chen! I’m going to use my all to stall for you. Leave, I’ll be right behind you.” Dragon Shisan said.
Jiang Chen looked at him and suddenly smiled.
“Do you think I’m an idiot? Can you defeat them after I leave? They wanted me dead so badly, I might as well give them a gift before I die, and let them remember it for the rest of their lives.”
Shisan became silent, his plan was immediately seen through by Jiang Chen. Jiang Chen made it very clear because he too wasn’t confident in getting out of this, both of them may very well die here. Half-Step Divine Kings? Jiang Chen could kill them but those Divine Kings were a nightmare.
“I wish to fuse these two lightning, to show the might that could even shake the world!”
Dawn Sky Golden Lightning on one hand and Nine Stars Heavenly Tribulation Lightning on the other. The instant those two heavenly lightnings emerged, Di Longqing finally expressed an emotion of shock on his face.
“To think he has two heavenly lightnings? No wonder he had such confidence. Hehe, not bad, Heavenly Lightnings… but it’s a pity that you don’t have what it takes to use them, you might even die from them.” Li Xie squinted his eyes and said.
“Even us, Divine Kings, wouldn’t simply touch those Heavenly Lightnings. This kid is mysterious but he’s still too weak, it’s useless even if he wields those lightning.” Di Longqing shook his head.
“That may not be so.” Jiang Chen smirked.
The ten Half-Step Divine Kings may have managed to withstand the fusion of lightning but they sustained an injury in the process, and that was when Jiang Chen wasn’t at his peak form. Now? He was at his peak as is his ambition!
“Oh? Alright then, let me see what you got.” Di Longqing looked at Jiang Chen with slight interest.
Jiang Chen’s eyes became cold, the Dawn Sky Golden Lightning and the Nine Stars Heavenly Tribulation Lightning slowly merged together.
“Be careful, Old Ancestor. The lightning fusion of Jiang Chen is not something simple!” Meng Fanpeng said.
“Do I need you to lecture me?” Di Longqing frowned as he looked at Meng Fanpeng, clearly dissatisfied.
Meng Fanpeng could only smile awkwardly, his worry was unnecessary.
“To think you’re able to merge the lightning together, Boy, you’re really not afraid of death.” Li Xie said as he looked at Di Longqing, they were forced to act now.
“Let’s first rescue them out from there.”
Di Longqing said quietly, throwing out a punch, causing the Little Ashura Sword Formation to shake heavily.
Jiang Chen was unfazed as he put all of his concentration on fusing the two lightning. He didn’t even flinch while the Little Ashura Sword Formation was getting attacked by Di Longqing.
“Lighting, fuse! Explode it for me!”
Jiang Chen unleashed a powerful lightning strike upon Li Xie and Di Longqing. Both of them ignored Jiang Chen as they still viewed him as nothing.
However, Li Xie and Di Longqing were shocked after the lightning fused together.
“This fella really fused the two Heavenly Lightning together, the energy emitting from that is terrifying!” Li Xie was slightly shocked.
He finally looked at Jiang Chen seriously. Because after the Dawn Sky Golden Lightning and the Nine Stars Heavenly Tribulation Lightning merged, the power it could unleash was not as simple as 1 + 1 = 2. The incoming lightning tribulation was nothing to scoff at.
“Di Longqing, do not take it lightly, prioritize on saving the others and swiftly take that kid down, things may go south. This fusion of lightning is not simple, I’ve never heard of this.” Li Xie said.
Di Longqing agreed. The energy coming from that fusion had thoroughly shocked Meng Fanpeng and the others. They were withstanding the Heavenly Lightning Tribulation while Jiang Chen was fusing the two lightning on the other side. They felt gigantic pressure weighing upon them, they could’ve said bye-bye to the world if it weren’t for the two Old Ancestors who were present on the scene.
“Trying to save them? Both of you better think about saving yourself first.”
At this moment, Jiang Chen was filled with confidence, because he wasn’t planning on fusing just two lightnings but three, including the Heavenly Lightning that was on the clouds, it was Jiang Chen’s bold attempt that was filled with danger. The Dawn Sky Golden Lightning and Nine Stars Heavenly Tribulation Lightning was fused after he had thoroughly devoured it into his body, but the current heavenly lightning that was raining down upon them was not. It was out of Jiang Chen’s control.
This means that the Lightning Tribulation’s Heavenly Lightning was an untamed beast, it was unknown to Jiang Chen whether he could successfully merge and fuse it together, but it was his final chance!
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2478 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2479


Divine Kings, heavily injured
Jiang Chen’s eyes became fierce. At this moment, he was dead set on fusing three types of Heavenly Lightning. The energy that may come from it… will be unimaginable! He needs to succeed in fusing the third heavenly lightning no matter what.
The sky was currently filled with thunder clouds and lightning. He wasn’t sure whether he could completely tame the third lightning. It would probably try to eat through him if he attempts to do it. But he was left with no other choice.
“You only live once! Why should I live quietly if I can stand on the world stage?”
Jiang Chen’s killing intent was boundless as he placed his everything in this gamble. Since he and Shisan were pushed to the edge of death, they must gamble and fight back, otherwise lady death awaits them.
The fusion of two lightning was almost his limit but the two were now under his control. However, the one on the sky wasn’t. It was violent, it was devastating, it was powerful, ready to strike at anything and destroy anything under the sky. It wasn’t an easy thing to be tamed, hence the difficulty in merging the third lightning… Jiang Chen was only a tenth sure that he could succeed.
“Purple Ying Heavenly Lightning!”
Jiang Chen silently gazed at the Purple Ying Heavenly Lightning. This lightning was stronger than the Nine Stars Heavenly Tribulation Lightning, much more dominating, powerful. The purple lightning shone through the sky, leaving nothing behind as it struck. At this moment, both the Dawn Sky Golden Lightning and Nine Stars Heavenly Tribulation Lightning were under Jiang Chen’s complete control. The danger that may come from trying to merge the third one was extremely high, he would die if it fails.
“Fate has its course for me, I’m betting it all on this!” Jiang Chen thought as he clenched his teeth.
Jiang Chen will surely die if he doesn’t gamble on this attempt. The heavens had already helped him through the Heavenly Lightning, what he needed to do now was to bet on the third lightning because two of those couldn’t defeat the two Divine Kings.
If the third lightning, the Purple Ying Heavenly Lightning, merged with what he had, then a devastating force would be born. At that moment, even Divine Kings had to bow down and surrender.
“Arrogant fella, fusing two lightning, so what? You’re still far, far too weak.” Di Longqing said with disdain, slightly shocked but unfazed as he attacked with Li Xie.
They had to save Meng Fanpeng and the others, those were the elders and lords of the prominent sects of the Linhe Boundary, the pillars of the region.
“Not so fast! Fusion!”
Jiang Chen activated the Dawn Sky Golden Lightning and Nine Stars Heavenly Tribulation Lightning and merged it with the Purple Ying Heavenly Lightning. He felt the powerful repulsive force coming from the Purple Ying Heavenly Lightning, extremely pressuring him. But his two lightning could totally put the Purple Ying Heavenly Lightning under his control, and now he was just waiting for the perfect timing to merge the three of them together.
Jiang Chen’s soul energy was pretty powerful, it was on the same level as a Hierarch. Otherwise he wouldn’t be so ballsy enough to try this maneuver. The revolting energy that came from the Purple Ying Heavenly Lightning burst through his body, he did not expect that it would be so hard to tame. That energy almost surpassed his limit, not even the two lightning energies countering it could fully negate the energy that it was emitting.
The Purple Ying Heavenly Lightning was a ruthless lightning. It’s ownerless. One that exists within Heaven and Earth. Although it was sentient, it could not think and could only move based on its instinct. It only appears during a tribulation, the violent energy it possessed was much more powerful than the Nine Stars Heavenly Tribulation Lightning
The battle between the Purple Ying Heavenly Lightning and Jiang Chen went back and forth. The terrifying ball of lightning was growing back and forth in his palm as if it could explode anytime. Jiang Chen will be the one who will be dead once that lightning explodes.
As time passed, the lightning finally fused into his body. At this moment, he felt a powerful energy coursing through his whole body.
Jiang Chen’s breath stabilized, he could clearly feel the Purple Ying Heavenly Lightning became one with his body. The devastation it may cause once it erupted… was unimaginable, not even a Divine King could withstand it.
“Trying to save them? Keep dreaming!” Jiang Chen harrumphed as a lightning struck between the duo like a meteor.
It then exploded between the two like a blooming lotus. At this moment, the skies were filled with dust and clouds that was created from the explosion, the Heavenly Lightning Tribulation also began to lose its colour at this point. Not even Jiang Chen had expected the fusion of the three lightning to be so powerful that even the whole Feng Ming Mountain began to quake from the force. However, the duo managed to withstand it with all their might.
“Such a powerful fusion of lightning, we must fight with our full strength!” Di Longqing roared.
The two Divine Kings dare not to dawdle as they faced Jiang Chen’s terrifying lightning storm.
The ones who were shocked to their cores were none other than Meng Fanpeng and his gang. From their point of view, Jiang Chen’s lightning storm was getting bigger by the second as it kept on expanding out from the center, like a lotus of death, growing out towards the skies, with roars of thunder reverberating through the mountain, it was armageddon, it was a force totally out from their current capabilities.
“No…”
“Stop!”
Meng Fanpeng and the others’ expression went a complete 180 degrees, the threat of death was creeping up towards their feet, constantly eating up their confidence, not even the presence of Divine Kings could save them. Are we doomed to die here in this Feng MIng Mountain?
“Old Ancestor, save me, save me!!” Ligui Gaiyin screamed in despair as he looked at Li Xie.
But Di Longqing and Li Xie were forced to evade as they dare not take the lightning head-on. It was too terrifying. Who dares to stand in front of it will immediately be engulfed from that giant mass of energy, not even Divine Kings would be excluded from that fate.
Meng Fanpeng and the others were instantly devoured by that giant mass of energy, leaving nothing behind. The whole sky was lit up by the explosion of energy, Di Longqing and Li Xie’s face were as dark as ink. That attack was way out of their expectation, not even their combined effort could withstand it, and they were forced to evade it instead. Nevertheless, both of them were still heavily injured from that process.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2479 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2480


Chapter 2480
Fight! Battle to death!
Di Longqing coughed out a mouthful of blood, looking at the sky with an ugly expression. Nothing was left, Meng Fanpeng’s corpse couldn’t even be found, everything was swallowed by the lightning, no survivor could be seen.
Li Xie’s eyes were blood red. He never thought that Jiang Chen’s fusion of lightning could be very terrifying.
However, Jiang Chen wasn’t feeling any better too. Because of the Purple Ying Heavenly Lightning, he also suffered an internal injury. He received a great backlash from the fusion, it even caused him to lose control of the Dawn Sky Golden Lightning and Nine Stars Heavenly Tribulation Lightning.
Di Longqing silently looked down. As one of the top Divine Kings within the Linhe Boundary, he was utterly disgraced by Jiang Chen. Who would’ve thought that a little True God boy could do such a heavenly defying thing? To massacre the whole Hundred Sect Alliance, even under the watchful eyes of two Divine Kings.
No one was able to survive that onslaught of lightning.
“This kid is too monstrous, he needs to die!” Li Xie gritted his teeth.
They were utterly disgraced. They couldn’t save Meng Fanpeng and the others even with all their might. The Hundred Sect Alliance was completely massacred in the hands of Jiang Chen. It was a big slap to these two Divine King’s faces.
“This fella is the Devil’s reincarnate. I never imagined that someone could massacre the whole Hundred Sect Alliance. To force Divine Kings out just to take him down.” Ding Qiudong murmured with shock written all over his face.
Meng Fanpeng, Ligui Gaiying and several other great figures of the Linhe Boundary were killed in action, all in the hands of Jiang Chen. Not even the two Divine Kings could stop it. Such brutality, such arrogance…!
Di Longqing and Li Xie were thoroughly enraged by Jiang Chen. They were Linhe Boundary’s top experts, to think they faced such hardship against a little boy. How could they face the world after this? Not being able to save a single person from the Hundred Sect Alliance, and to be heavily injured by this kid to boot. They only had one thought at this moment… KILL JIANG CHEN.
Jiang Chen also suffered from the Purple Ying Heavenly Lightning, almost killing him in the process. If it weren’t for the Dawn Sky Golden Lightning and Nine Stars Heavenly Tribulation Lightning protecting his vital organs, he would have to say bye-bye to the world.
“Jiang Chen.”
Dragon Shisan held onto Jiang Chen’s shoulder, not letting him fall down.
“I’m fine.”
Jiang Chen forced a smile on his face. He cannot lose. Because he needed to kill everyone from the Hundred Sect Alliance, he could’ve left this place without a problem if it weren’t for those two Divine Kings.
“I, Dragon Shisan, will accompany you even in death.” Dragon Shisan declared with a big laugh.
Jiang Chen silently gazed at Dragon Shisan. He wanted to say sorry, however, he knew that Shisan didn’t need it. They didn’t need it.
“Jiang Chen, you have sinned. Today, I shall cut down your head to comfort the souls of the dead.” Di Longqing said with a ringing voice.
Jiang Chen knew that their chance was gone.
“I’ll fight till my last breath.” Dragon Shisan rushed towards Di Longqing with his peerless staff.
Di Longqing sneered with disdain. Even though he was heavily injured, he was still a Divine King, he punched against Shisan’s staff, causing the latter to fall back. The punch even managed to land on Shisan’s chest, causing him to fall into despair.
“We were able to stand proud battle after battle, reaching this Divine World, yet to think we would be stopped here. I cannot accept this.”
Dragon Shisan stared at Di Longqing. If it weren’t for these Divine Kings, they could easily reach the world stage, they would not be bound by a small region such as Linhe Boundary.
However, fate has its own course, they couldn’t get through the trials that were presented to them and reach the world stage.
Jiang Chen looked at the brilliant sky as a helpless smile emerged on his face.
“Little Yu, Big Sis Ning, Qing Cheng, are you guys alright?”
Jiang Chen’s heart was burning with passion, he was unwilling, yet who could understand him? His brother may even die with him, thanks to him.
Jiang Chen was filled with guilt, how can they run away from these two Divine Kings?
“Ancestral Dragon Pagoda.”
Jiang Chen summoned the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda and sucked Dragon Shisan into it, and he then held it tightly.
“Jiang Chen, what are you doing?” Dragon Shisan roared within the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda as his eyes were filled with tears.
“I’m sorry brother, I can die, but not you. Your vengeance has yet to be fulfilled. You need to survive this.” Jiang Chen smiled slightly.
He knew that the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda could not take on the attacks of two Divine Kings. However, it could still withstand the crack of the void. He could tear the void apart and send it away.
The Ancestral Dragon Pagoda was invincible, unbreakable. Jiang Chen knew that it was thanks to the dragon soul of the Ancestral Dragon Emperor. But the emperor had fallen into a deep slumber now, the pagoda has lost its soul, it couldn’t be invincible at this state. If the pagoda was at its peak… Jiang Chen wouldn’t have feared those two Divine Kings… But the heavens did not really favor him.
But with the Great Void Technique, he could still send the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda away and Dragon Shisan could be saved.
“You, bullsh*t, Jiang Chen!” Dragon Shisan’s eyes were red as he roared furiously.
He couldn’t do anything as he was trapped within the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda, he wished that he could burst through the pagoda and assist his brother.
As brothers they should die and live together. But how could Jiang Chen watch Dragon Shisan die together with him?
“Rest assured, monkey. Live, if you can, avenge me in the future. I want this world to change because of me, I want the whole Linhe Boundary to be bathed in blood!”
Jiang Chen laughed as he used the Great Void Technique and threw the pagoda into the void.
“Jiang Chen, you bastard! I, Dragon Shisan, will never forgive you!” Dragon Shisan’s eyes were bawling. At this moment, the void cracked and closed.
Jiang Chen then turned towards Di Longqing and Li Xie. Now, a fight to the death.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2480 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2481


Chapter 2481
The Number-One Sect of Hundred Battles
“Fight to the death, it seems like you are kind and affectionate to your brother. Unfortunately, you would never be able to make up for your sin of killing hundreds and thousands of Linhe’s experts, even if you die thousands of times.”
Di Longqing wished to fight back but he could not do so as Jiang Chen hid the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda into the void of space at an astonishingly rapid speed. It was incredibly fast and impossible for both of them to make a response. It was the Great Void Technique which was incomparably powerful after all, even Di Longqing and Li Xie were not able to react. However, they only wanted to kill Jiang Chen, so it didn’t matter even though the other guy attempted to escape.
Jiang Chen remained calm and unmoved. Dragon Shisan was delivered into the crevasse of the void so he could die with absolutely no regrets.
“I am never afraid of anyone and I never yield to anyone, there is definitely no one who can make me give in.”
Jiang Chen looked up to the sky.
“Nothing can make me do so, including the heavens.”
“Such an arrogant and rude guy. It is just your worthless pride. It seems like this is your fate to die in our hands? Hahaha.”
Li Xie roared with laughter and struck a heavy blow in the void. Jiang Chen stepped back, his eyes were extremely cold. He was devoured by the Purple Ying Heavenly Thunder, pulling him down once again.
“Heavenly Dragon Battle Armour!”
Jiang Chen howled in a low voice and launched a perfect defense. But even so, he was still thrown out under Li Xie’s strike. Despite the capabilities of the Heavenly Dragon Battle Armour, its power was bound with Jiang Chen’s own state. How could Jiang Chen display a perfect Heavenly Dragon Battle Armour with a poor and flagging condition? But fortunately he was able to resist Li Xie’s powerful blow, although he spurt out a mouthful of blood, staggering and his face contorted in a grimace of pain.
A ferocious grin lit his face. Jiang Chen glanced at Li Xie. He would not let himself fall down or surrender even if he had his one last breath left.
“Man and Sword merged into one!”
Jiang Chen once again merged with the Heavenly Dragon Sword and broke through the sky. Unfortunately, he failed to conquer both of these Divine Kings even though he had perfectly made a breakthrough to the Heavenly God Realm.
“It’s just a bag of tricks.”
Di Longqing grunted coldly. All of the skills or techniques were nothing in front of absolute power. In his eyes, Jiang Chen’s offensive was slightly stronger than he could imagine, but there is nothing more than that. Even if he, Di Longqing, was badly wounded, the dignity of a Divine King could not be easily violated.
Jiang Chen’s Man and Sword merged into one was extraordinarily strong. This was his ultimate deadly blow and had stressed Di Longqing. However, both Li Xie and Di Longqing, who made an alliance to defeat Jiang Chen, had deprived him of a chance to make a turnaround.
Each terrible strike has hit Jiang Chen. Unfortunately, he was unable to strike back at the moment. The weeping blood reddened the Phoenix Mourning Mountain and the whole body of Jiang Chen was being hollowed out thoroughly.
“Jiang Chen, Profound Feng Sect is proud of you.”
Xuan Qingming closed his eyes and a drop of tear dropped on the earth.
The entire Profound Wind Sect burst into an uproar like the whistling of the mountains and seas. The noise echoed through the air.
“Jiang Chen, The War God!”
“Jiang Chen, the War God!”
There was a streak of tears on those faces. Even the hundred thousands of disciples could feel Jiang Chen’s sadness. He would not result in such an end if he was not bound to guard and protect the Profound Feng Sect.
Jiang Chen looked up to the sky and howled deeply. He felt satisfied for having a life like this.
“You have the right to fight. But despicable people have their own way to die.”
Di Longqing held the dragon blade in his hands that shed rays and glowed a dazzling light which was a thousand meters high. It swept through the sky and rolled over. And then stabbed Jiang Chen in the back, it would probably take his life but it was unavoidable.
“If any of you dare to touch him, your whole family will be executed.”
Someone bawled out, the shout rang out in the air. Two long shadows moved across the sky. A bright young man in white who looked spotless and neat appeared unexpectedly with lively spirits.
Besides the young man in white, there was an old man dressed in gray. He snapped his fingers and constrained Di Longqing to draw back.
“Who are you?”
Di Longqing drew a step back, he looked frosty and gloomy. He was staring silently at the old man in gray and the young man in front of him.
“Battle Sect, Luo Ping!”
The young man in white glanced at Jiang Chen with a brief smile.
“Qianhua Boundary Battle Sect? The number-one sect of hundreds battle? Are you the Battle Sect from Qianhua Boundary, the First Sect of Hundred Battles”
Di Longqing drew in his breath. Compared with Linhe Boundary, Qianhua Boundary was much bigger. The position of Battle Sect was superior and its existence was just as important as Clear Stream Sect. But even more importantly, the reputation of Battle Sect had been well-known and spread far and wide. The purpose of Battle Sect was to fight against the world. However, it was only slightly superior compared to Clear Stream Sect. In Qianhua Boundary, it was still considered as unbeatable and irresistible, however.
“I’m Luo Sihai, this is my adopted son who is a talented genius from Battle Sect. He is just invincible and strong in Battle Sect.”
The old man in gray said calmly. Di Longqing had met his formidable enemy before. Luo Sihai was one of the three great elders in the Battle Sect and his strength has reached the Divine King realm. He was as strong as him in power. He looked relatively calm and steady. It seemed like Di Longqing could hardly suppress and win over him even when he was at his peak .
“Oh, it’s Brother Sihai. Did you forget about me?”
Li Xie said with a cold laugh and fixed his eyes at Luo Sihai.
“I spared your life one hundred and four years ago. And you are trying to provoke me today?”
Luo Sihai answered coolly. But Li Xie’s face took on a ghastly expression. He snorted and said:
“Please don’t forget those who own this place. Don’t you dare to act wildly in Linhe Boundary. Even if the number-one sect of Hundred Battles from Qianhua Boundary is strong, however, this is my Linhe Boundary after all.”
Li Xie refused to draw back. He was standing toe to toe with Luo Sihai and showed no trace of fear.
Jiang Chen frowned. He was wondering about the guy who tried to save his life and his true aims. The number-one sect of Hundred Battles from Qianhua Boundary, it did not sound weaker than Linhe Boundary.
“Son, so what is your decision?”
Luo Ping looked at Jiang Chen and said: “If Jiang Chen dies, I will bury him together and make him disappear together with Ghost Eye Sect.”
“Stop boasting. Who do you think you are? Don’t you dare to extinguish my Ghost Eyes Sect! Lad, I won’t be easy on you even if you’re from Battle Sect.”
Li Xie never expected that Jiang Chen would have such a strong adherent. But even Jiang Chen himself could not put his finger on it as he never imagined that there was someone who would stand up for him and he knew nothing about their background.
“Luo Sihai, I think Battle Sect has no chance of grabbing someone from our Clear Stream Sect and Ghost Eyes Sect. Or else, are you trying to start a war among the sects just to protect this guy? Haha. Do you know that he had committed a serious crime?”
Di Longqing took a slight smile.
“The only thing I know now is that I will make all of you die miserably if anything happens to Jiang Chen.”
Luo Ping sounded calm but full of murderous intent. The young guy who was at the Late Heavenly God Realm had such an attractive and dignified character. He was truly impressed by Jiang Chen. It seemed like the Battle Sect was really overbearing.
“Luo Sihai, it seems like your Battle Sect decided to intervene in this fight anyway.”
Li Xie said it.
“What my son said just now delivers what I meant. As one of the candidates of becoming the three greatest sect lords of Battle Sect, his position is equal to mine.”
Luo Sihai said. Li Xie and Di Longqing were slightly startled. They were truly curious about the exact relationship between Luo Ping and Jiang Chen that made the former stand up for the latterChen. If he was one of the candidates of becoming the three greatest sect lords of Battle Sect, fighting him would definitely make the Battle Sect fume with rage. At that moment, they would probably die in vain.
Di Longqing realized that the number-one sect of Hundred Battles was the mainstay of Qianhua Boundary. It seemed like they had come prepared for this.
“If he is just a normal person, we are willing to give face to Battle Sect for sparing his life. But this guy had taken too many innocent lives. The entire Linhe Boundary almost died in his hands. If we didn’t show up, even the ten greatest Half-step Divine Kings would probably be sacrificed as well. I think you better just fall back a step and stay out of this. If you refuse to do so, we will meet on the battlefield.”
Di Longqing was unwilling to fight Luo Sihai but he had no choice at the moment as it was impossible for him to let Jiang Chen off lightly. There is no room for them if they do so.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2481 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2482


Chapter 2482
Thirteen boundaries, assistance from all directions
4th of the week!
Do support us in Patreon if you are able to, so that we can continue translating the novel for you! 🙂
“If you still refuse to do that, we can just meet on the battlefield. However, don’t forget that you are still in Linhe Boundary.”
Li Xie said in a deep voice.
“How about counting me in. Hahaha.”
Another old man and a young man appeared in the sky. The youth dressed in black looked cold and the old man in red was also relatively cold. His strength has already reached the Divine King Realm. An oppressive atmosphere was spreading throughout the Feng Ming Mountain range at this moment.
“Are you from the School of Yan of the Withered Boundary? The number-one sect of hidden weapons. My Clear Stream Sect has never had any dealings with the School of Yan, we have neither rancor nor hatred between us. Are you trying to interfere in our affairs now?”
Di Longqing murmured in a low voice. At this moment, the Battle Sect from Qianhua Boundary, School of Yan from the Withered Boundary were in opposition to him. He had to admit that the background of Jiang Chen was quite terrifying. Even so, Di Longqing refused to retreat as he was in the boundary of Clear Stream Sect and he was not afraid of them since justice was on his side.
“School of Yan, Yan Yunying.”
Yan Yunying took a glance at Jiang Chen. His strength had already reached the Late Heavenly God Realm and he was not inferior if compared to Luo Ping. Even Jiang Chen felt shocked and curious about the people in front of him. Did they come to save him? He did not know whether to laugh or cry facing this situation. He was full of uncertainty and doubts as he could not remember when he got to know these two invincible sects.
“I swear to fight to the end if anything happens to Jiang Chen.”
Yan Yunying whispered under his breath. He persisted with his decision but the old man in red shrugged and showed that he was compelled, and this was the only thing he could do.
“He is the disciple under the Sect Lord of School of Yan and I could hardly interfere with his own matters. I can just follow whatever he told me to do so. Haha.”
Yan Li burst into laughter. But it made Li Xie and Di Longqing feel even more depressed and immediately sunk into their boots. Should the two of them fight someone who has such an impressive background to the death?
“Are you really hell bent on making things difficult for me? You should be clear that this is my domain, Linhe Boundary. Don’t you dare start a battle here! Do you think it is worth making the two great sects fight for a despicable kid?”
Di Longqing said in a soft voice.
“It’s not necessary to keep on emphasizing that this is your place. I wouldn’t have come here if I am afraid of you. I totally agree with what Yun Ying said and I will definitely save this man. So what are you going to do? Just come fight me if you don’t agree.”
Yan Li rolled up his sleeves, acting totally arrogant and aggressive. It made both Di Longqingand and Li Xie remain silent. These two invincible sects were known as the lords in their own boundaries, and now both of them declared that they wanted to grab someone from Di Longqing and Li Xie’s hands. To put it bluntly, it was obvious that they were trying to challenge them deliberately.
But Di Longqing clearly knew that the both of them would probably lose if they fought as both of them had suffered severe injuries. Jiang Chen was confused and unfamiliar with the situation why both of these great sects backed him up suddenly.
“Are you going to release him? It means you are not giving face to me if you refuse to do that.”
Yan Li showed a cold and gloomy face.
“Clear Stream Sect and Ghost Eye Sect, this matter should be taken into careful consideration.”
Luo Sihai’s face was wreathed in a big smile. It seemed like he was willing to take the fight.
“We cannot easily let him go today. You should be able to realize where this place is, even if you have decided to come here for someone. Just start a major war between those boundaries if you dare. And we will never set Jiang Chen free.”
Di Longqing said in a low voice. He had just received the words delivered by his elder brother and he would be arriving in a moment.
“How could you dare to run wild in Linhe Boundary? Let me see who is bold enough to do that.”
A long shadow arose in the air and immediately stood beside Di Longqing.
“Brother!”
Di Longqing was in a tremor of delight.
“Ti Longhuai？Haha. I haven’t seen you for a long time.”
Yan Li said smilingly.
Ti Longhuai snorted in disdain. The last time he played against him was thousands of years ago. The unique weapons that Yan Li owned had made him go through the unbearable torment for hundreds of years. This guy was absolutely terrifying.
“It looks like there are so many people who are desperate to fight Linhe Boundary. I think I should join in the fun as well.”
A figure of a man appeared beside Li Xie.
“Li Xiongba, luckily you’re able to make it.
Ti Longhuai turned solemn. The appearance of Li Xiongba made everyone in Linhe Boundary feel truly startled and overwhelmed.
“How could this fight start without the Divine Pill Sect? Divine Pill Sect will never turn its back upon the safety of Linhe Boundary. That’s the reason I am here.”
An elder whose beard and hair were all white followed closely and appeared beside Ti Longhuai.
“Overlord Sect is here.”
Another shadow came one after another. On Linhe Boundary side, there were another four Divine Kings that had arrived.
“Dan Feng and Lin Bawang. Good one.”
Li Xiongba laughed heartily and softly stroked his beard. There were six Divine Kings confronting two great sects from Qianhua Boundary and the Withered Boundary. The lineup was assembled with powerful and offensive strengths.
“Such a magnificent battle had gathered the elites.”
Jiang Chen meditated. All of them were the true invincible experts of the Divine King Realm.
But Jiang Chen was still curious about the reason why the School of Yan from Withered Boundary and Battle Sect from Qianhua Boundary desperately wished to save his life. It was strange that they have even solemnly pledged to set him free. And he noticed that Luo Ping and Yan Yunying’s glance looked profound and unusual.
“Do you guys still insist on taking Jiang Chen away from us?”
Ti Longhuai said in a low voice, and a faint smile flickered across his lips. How could Yan Li and Luo Sihai defeat six Divine Kings even if they were strong enough? They had no choice but to surrender to them. Ti Longhuai would not simply let these intruders stand in advantage in their own domain. Besides, this was not merely an ordinary battle. They would definitely not spare Jiang Chen’s life who had swept through the Hundred Sect Alliance; more than a hundred thousand disciples in Linhe Boundary were sacrificed under his sword.
“What am I supposed to do now, Yunying?”
Yan Li fixed his eyes at Yan Yunying. At this moment, Yan Li was truly dignified. There were six Divine Kings after all, even if he joined with Luo Sihai, they were no match for them. They should be appropriate while staying in someone’s domain.
“Jiang Chen cannot die. I have to save him.”
Yan Yunying said in a low voice.
On the other hand, Luo Ping was of the same mind as Yan Yunying, he did not change his mind. Since they have come, they were bound to save Jiang Chen.
“Everyone, I wondered why I deserve to get the assistance from you all. I will feel guilty if you fight to the death for me.”
Jiang Chen realized that it would be impossible for the Battle Sect and School of Yan to dominate as both of them were comparably weaker and they were in Linhe Boundary. Linhe Boundary had targeted him so they would never spare him and let him leave alive. This was related to the dignity of their sect and Linhe Boundary’s honor .
“Brother, Luo Ping had swore to repay the debts of your gratitude!”
“Same here.” Yun Ying said.
Yan Yunying and Luo Ping gazed at each other. Even though they did not know each other, they had reached a consensus at this moment, which was to protect and save Jiang Chen at all cost. Jiang Chen was startled and astonished by their actions.
“Hahaha. It seems exciting and fun here. Fu Di from Tian Men House is here.”
Howling in shock. Two long shadows suddenly appeared. A young man with short hair, looking formidable and imposing while his companion, an old man, who had dishevelled hair and looked sloppy was actually a Divine King.
“Tian Men House from Dragon Bone Boundary, are you also trying to interfere with this?”
Ti Longhuai asked coldly.
“Even if there was a huge difference in strength between our Dragon Bone Boundary and you all, I could not stand the shameless and impudent behaviour of some sects. Hahaha. I am Yan’s friend and brother of the Battle Sect. What if all of us joined hands?”
The young man showed his intention to fight.
“Count me in, Qian Tian Boundary, Yan Xue.”
“Same here, Forgotten Worry Boundary, Song Yupeng.”
“……”
“Fu You Boundary, A’mo Kehan!”
“Long Live Boundary, Lu Dong here.”
Within a few seconds, there were top great experts from thirteen different boundaries appearing at the peak of Feng Ming Mountain. The advent of thirteen Divine Kings made the entire Linhe Boundary go wild and burst into an uproar. There were countless experts, who had hidden themselves in the dark, started peeping in. Ti Longhuai and the others could still take it leisurely and remain calm if there were just some experts who were from two or three different boundaries gathered together. But now, most of the strongest experts from the boundaries in the entire Lone Dragon County were all assembled here. The power of those thirteen Divine Kings were formidable and unbeatable. What they represent now was never just a sect, it’s the might of many boundaries.
Ti Longhuai and the others, who were full of confidence just a moment ago, felt shocked, their bodies and heart trembling at this moment. Although those thirteen Divine Kings were terrifying, they were more concerned about the boundaries behind them. As each of them was the strongest expert from their regions, none of them was inferior or weaker than Clear Stream Sect.
At this moment, Ti Longhuai and the rest stayed silent as even a slight movement could possibly decide the final outcome. And the involvement of thirteen boundaries determined their strong will to protect and save Jiang Chen.
The appearance of Lu Dong and A’mo Kehan had made Jiang Chen startled, and showed a thrill of joy at the same time.
The disciples of the greatest boundaries got down on one knee in front of Jiang Chen. Their action had made the elders of their sects feel completely shocked. They bowed to Jiang Chen and even forgot their identity as a disciple of their sects.
“Jiang Chen, we came late.”
Lu dong and the rest looked down upon the ground, feeling guilty.
All the sects in the entire Linhe Boundary were in astonishment, including the Divine Kings—Xuan Qingming, Ding Qiudong. How did Jiang Chen make these disciples from the greatest sects of the thirteen boundaries in Lone Dragon County kneel down and bow to him?
The news that Jiang Chen swept through Linhe Boundary and got chased by everyone definitely spread across those boundaries. However these people still pledged to protect him. A light of gratitude came into his eyes.
At this moment, even Jiang Chen felt like a long time had passed. He heaved a deep, heartfelt sigh as he realized that all of them were the ones who had received his kindness and generosity in the Divine Tomb. Now they were completely transformed, having a bright future.
It looked like a myriad of stars surrounding the moon, Jiang Chen was just like a king with mighty and magnificent power. At this moment, all of them aimed to protect Jiang Chen which made Ti Longhuai and the others feel extremely stressed.
Once the thirteen boundaries launched their attack at the same time, not only Clear Stream Sect, even the entire Linhe Boundary would possibly suffer from tragedy.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2482 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2483


Where is the place I could stay in this big wild world?
When one place was in difficulty, assistance came from all sides. Jiang Chen was touched by the warmth, there was an inexplicable excitement stirring behind his thoughts, and it was a memorable moment for him. Jiang Chen fixed his gaze at those thirteen figures that seemed familiar and strange, he was deeply moved and immensely grateful. Although the actions that he had done in their time together were truly worthy of gratitude, he was the one who was caught in a hopeless and desperate situation. Those help from all sides made him feel stimulated and excited in his heart.
When he thought that he was nearing his end,  Lu Dong, A’mo Kehan and more than ten outstanding heroes who had been saved by him in the Divine Tomb suddenly appeared to give him a helping hand. They were now the mainstays of different boundaries. Compared to them, Jiang Chen was relatively incompetent now.
Amongst the thirteen of them, the weakest one has already reached the Late Heavenly God Realm, while Lu Dong and A’mo Kehan were already at the Half-step Divine King Realm as well. All of them could not be treated lightly.
However Jiang Chen did not realize that their potential power was only released, boosted and transformed continuously after being found by those sects. As the genius who came here with the greatest potential, with strong determination and effort, they would definitely become powerful experts after breaking through those constraints and making it here.
Jiang Chen felt that he was just an ordinary person at this moment.
Jiang Chen was grateful without any regret. Everyone would have their own way and how the world treated every one of us was just different and unfair. He had experienced, transformed and devoted all his effort to become who he is today.
The previous Jiang Chen was still alive but he felt peaceful and calm at this moment. However, everything would be just meaningless talk if he hadn’t gone through all of that.
Jiang Chen had been sweeping through the entire Linhe Boundary and became well-known in the entire County. The whole Linhe Boundary had been turned over by this guy who was merely a Heavenly God. And it made them come here for a reason.
“You guys are now the genius disciples with honorable dignity in your own sects. You don’t have to bow to me.”
Jiang Chen shook his head and made the thirteen of them stand.
Lu Dong and the others stood up and looked at each other, and murmured:
“We will not relent if any one of you dares to touch Jiang Chen. I swear to live or die together with him.”
“Swear to live or die together.”
More than ten experts made their stand. The strongest experts amongst the thirteen boundaries were on Jiang Chen’s side. Thirteen Divine Kings was a mighty, invincible and unbeatable force.
Di Longhuai’s face was clouding over. Not to mention that they were far outnumbered, he was clear about what the strongest experts of the thirteen boundaries represented as well as their power. If things got really ugly here, there was no doubt that these guys would be desperately bound to fight to the death.
What had Jiang Chen done to make the strongest experts have his back?
Not to mention Di Longhuai, the others also sank into silence at this moment. Even though Jiang Chen had killed countless people, they would be defeated inevitably if they went into a confrontation. Even though they were in Linhe Boundary, the battle was full of uncertainty and difficulties.
Unfortunately, since they were weak in status and outnumbered, they have no choice but to compromise.
“Today, luck is not on my side. But I will kill Jiang Chen without mercy if I meet him in the future!”
Di Longqing gritted his teeth, his facial expression was gloomy. Although they were unwilling to do so, it seemed like they were forced into a passive at this time. It was such a strong lineup, it was composed of almost half of the fighting force of the whole Lone Dragon County. Di Longqing was overwhelmed with anger.
“Clear Stream Sect will give face to you guys. But Jiang Chen had killed countless lives and raged through our Linhe Boundary. We will never give up on that easily. Even though we choose to retreat from the fight today, we would not spare him if we meet him again in the future.”
Di Longhuai said calmly, feeling a surge of anger. However, he could only keep his temper as the balance of the boundaries was more important than anything else. If they start a fight recklessly, Clear Stream Sect and even the entire Linhe Boundary would become the public enemy, and the whole world would turn against them. And it would also not be just an ordinary battle but bringing the whole Linhe Boundary into danger and crisis.
“Brother Ti, you’re thoughtful and deliberate. We appreciated that. Luo Sihai represents the other Divine Kings and thanks for your kindness.”
Luo Sihai said with a smile while Di Longhuai gave a snort and stayed silent. The situation said it all. Those Divine Kings were startled as Jiang Chen was the one who turned over the entire Linhe Boundary after all. He was truly the devil incarnate. But unfortunately, these thirteen great geniuses still insisted on bowing to Jiang Chen.
It was puzzling. However, they realized that this battle should be stopped here and it was impossible to continue. Jiang Chen was lucky to get off and stay alive. He would definitely stay away from Linhe Boundary. Or else, he would be nothing but a street rat.
“Let’s go. Jiang Chen, Linhe Boundary will never give up as long as you’re still alive.”
Di Longhuai turned away. Some of the Divine Kings were disgraced and left. Facing the thirteen Divine Kings, there was no reason to keep entangling with them.
Jiang Chen felt relieved by escaping from the crisis but he would not stay in Linhe Boundary even if he had not decided on his future path yet. It was impossible for him to stay here freely after offending every sect here.
“Jiang Chen, what’s your plan? What if you follow me to the Fuyou Boundary?”
A’mo Kehan asked in a low voice. Jiang Chen had nowhere to go at this moment. He should find a shelter to settle down since he could not stay in Linhe Boundary.
Jiang Chen shook his head. He would never follow anyone to their place as it would definitely cause troubles and burden for them. Besides, Jiang Chen used to be alone. It would be agonizing and uncomfortable for him if he stayed in a sect.
“I’m truly grateful for the invitation but I prefer exploring and travelling around alone. Linhe Boundary is just one of my shelters. In the big wild world, everywhere can be my home. Haha. I believed that there would be somewhere that I could stay.
Jiang Chen said with a slight smile.
“Jiang Chen, you’re the one who saved our lives before. There is no me without you. We would have died in the Divine Tomb if you didn’t save us.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2483 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2484


Xuan Yuan Halberd
“That’s right, how could the small Linhe Boundary confine Brother Jiang? Haha, a dragon swims in a lake, so one day it would definitely break through to the sea.”
Luo Ping and others said and smiled. Jiang Chen felt touched when looking at these people. These people had lent him a helping hand and he considered this as an action of paying back the kindness he showed last time. However, he felt a bit of pity for these Heavenly God Realm disciples.
Their power only amounted to that of someone at the Early Heavenly God Realm who had just recently advanced.
“Okay. We won’t impose on you anymore. Brother Jiang, if you need any help in the future, Lu Dong will wait for you at Chang Sheng Boundary.”
Lu Dong clasped his hands together solemnly. He knew that it was impossible for Jiang Chen to leave with them. This was the dignity and confidence of an expert. Jiang Chen was able to challenge the entire Linhe Boundary by himself, which meant that his power was extraordinary. In the past, Jiang Chen was also like this, he had the weakest cultivation realm yet his fighting strength was astonishing.
Even now Lu dong was not confident that he could defeat Jiang Chen. Half-step Divine King Realm was indeed very formidable, however, there were too many things Jiang Chen was hiding.
“Many thanks to each Divine King masters. I hope that we will meet each other again in the future.”
Jian Chen said in a deep voice, looking solemn. He was now ready to leave.
“Lad, there will be a battle in Lone Dragon County ten years later, will you come?”
Luo SiHai squinted his eyes and stared at Jiang Chen silently.
“Perhaps. I think Lone Dragon County won’t be able to confine me.”
Jiang Chen did not turn his head around but he smiled confidently.
“I hope that I will defeat you that day. Jiang Chen, don’t disappoint me.”
Lu Dong murmured. The moment Jiang Chen disappeared in the void, everything would be settled. They had to go back to their own place separately. It was unknown whether Jiang Chen managed to go on the path of War God and sweep everyone in all directions. All in all, Jiang Chen could not stay in the Linhe Boundary anymore.
Xuan Qingming never dreamt of this day. An unparalleled demong king was born out of his Profound Feng Sect. No matter how the others judge the matter, he knew that Jiang Chen was not guilty of anything and he was truly a hero in the troubled times. Profound Feng Sect was proud of him.
“Lord Sect Xuan, there is no place for Jiang Chen anymore in Linhe Boundary. Once we say goodbye today, I don’t know when we could see each other again.”
Jiang Chen looked at Xuan Qingming and the disciples of Profound Feng Sect. He had so many emotions inside his heart as Profound Feng Sect was his first home in the Divine World. Although there have been countless obstacles, there was still a long way to go for Jiang Chen. He could not just stay at one place forever. Linhe Boundary was not a place for him anymore.
“A good man has high aspiration to achieve things all around the world. Jiang Chen, Profound Feng Sect is your home forever.”
Xuan Qingming smiled while his face carried a sense of speechlessness. He did not know whether it was a good or bad thing for Profound Feng Sect to experience such a misfortune. At least, Profound Feng Sect’s status in Linhe Boundary would be more awkward in the coming days. However, Xuan Qingming was very clear that Jiang Chen was the one who let him know what was the passion of cultivation.
“Sect Lord, may I know what happened to two of my friends?”
Jiang Chen asked.
“The Great Elder had been killed by Ling Yun. Two of them have left Profound Feng Sect long ago. These were told by the elders. They are not at Linhe Boundary anymore.”
Xuan Qingming said.
“Then it’s time for me to leave too.”
Jiang Chen looked at Feng Ming Mountain which was chaotic but was also close to his heart.
Yang Jian, Man Shuai and the others looked at the mountain as well yet they found that this was not their final destination.
“If you are looking for her, you can go to Heavenly Star Boundary, Earthly Fire Heavenly Lightning Sect.”
Xuan Qingming reminded him.
Jiang Chen frowned and took note of what Xuan Qingming said. Seems like he knew much more than him.
Heavenly Star Boundary, Earthly Fire Heavenly Lightning Sect!
There were twenty seven boundaries in total in the Lone Dragon County. There were four greatest boundaries which were Heavenly Star Boundary, Long Live Boundary, Qi Lian Boundary and Mo He Boundary.
Jiang Chen aimed for the Heavenly Star Boundary this time. However, Heavenly Star Boundary was at the furthest Northern area. In the Northern Cold Divine Region, Lone Dragon County was in the Southern area and he needed to cross over seven boundaries in order to reach Heavenly Star Boundary. Qi Lian Boundary and Mo He Boundary was located between Heavenly Star Boundary and Linhe Boundary.
Jiang Chen had already lost his Ancient Dragon Pagoda. Although the Dragon Transformation Art in his body might be able to help him handle any battle, he had still lost his biggest trump card. However, he  was willing to lose anything, including his life, to save Dragon Shisan. He just did not know where Dragon Shisan was right now and what he was doing.
In Clear Stream Sect, there was a black-clothed young man walking in the dark between the foothills. His eyes looked extremely gloomy.
His aura was terrifying and it contained the strength that could swallow everything between the heavens and earth. He took a deep breath. Who would he be if he was not Xuanyuan Canglan.
“You must have gained a lot throughout the journey in  Hidden Secret Realm. Canglan, other than participating in the Lone Dragon Battle which is only held once every eight hundred years, you must eliminate Jiang Chen. He has been doing many evil things and you must kill him. He has shamed my Linhe Boundary and Clear Stream Sect. We must kill him.”
Di Longhuai said faintly. His voice transmitted through thousand miles but only Xuanyuan Canglan was able to hear it clearly from the foothills.
“I got it.”
Xuanyuan Canglan said solemnly. He had already completely merged himself with the Tao Tie right now. His combat strength was extraordinary and his cultivation had advanced by leaps and bounds. He was a Late Heavenly God right now. No one amongst the young generation in Linhe Boundary was more superior than him now.
“I will give you the Xuan Yuan Halberd to kill Jiang Chen. It’s your duty. Whether Clear Stream Sect could gain back its reputation in Lone Dragon County, it would depend on you.”
Di Longhuai said.
“Xuan Yuan Halberd?”
Xuanyuan Canglan frowned his forehead while his eyes were filled with shock. He had heard of Xuan Yuan Halberd which was the divine tool of the Clear Stream Sect. It benefited the Xuan Yuan Clan and was a tool that copied the Xuan Yuan Sword. The Xuan Yuan Halbeard was a terrifying Origin Divine Tool.
“That’s right. Yan Yuan Halberd and Xuan Yuan Sword are unparalleled divine tools. Although Xuan Yuan Halberd is not as formidable as Xuan Yuan Sword, it is still a rare treasure. It can help you in battle.”
Di Longhuai moved his finger and the Xuan Yuan Halberd appeared in Xuanyuan Canglan’s hand. Holding the divine halberd, Xuanyuan Canglan’s battle spirit was soaring.
“Jiang Chen, I will see how you are going to run away from me this time. Once I devour you and get the dragon soul of Ancestral Dragon Emperor, I will be invincible under heaven. Humph Humph, I am going to be the emperor under heaven!”
Xuanyuan Canglan looked afar and turned into a ray of light, crashing out of Linhe Boundary.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2484 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2485


Tian Qi Mountain Range
“Li Xie, you are too disappointing.”
A calm voice echoed between the void in the snowy mountain range.
A tall, black figure appeared on the mountain valley and sighed. This made Li Xie could not help but shiver in fear and he did not dare to speak at all.
“Luckily, Zongheng’s breath still exists. You should know that he is the most outstanding candidate that I have chosen for becoming a Dark Star in the Linhe Boundary. Initially, I planned to let him build more experience, but unexpectedly, he was almost turned into ashes. Has your Ghost Eye Sect really become so weak right now?”
The dark voice slowly became gloomy, making Li Xie’s body become rigid, and he felt it terribly deep inside his heart. This man who stood in front of him could eliminate Ghost Eye Sect in a second anytime. His formidability was indescribable. Li Xie knew that this man was indeed a true expert compared to others.
Let alone Linhe Boundary, one might not even be able to see an expert like him in the entire Lone Dragon County. Although he was a Divine King, he would not dare to have any thought of going against the master in front of him.
“I know, Li Xie will definitely do my best.”
“Do your best? Do you know how much effort I have put to look for him? And, no matter how, I will give you a month to revive Li Zhongheng. Otherwise, you should know what consequence you would get.”
The black shadow said with a deep voice.
“Ten hundred thousand souls and a body of a Divine King Realm expert. This is the Spiritual Bone Pill. Li Zhongheng can’t pass away!”
The black shadow threw out the pill and he walked out from the mountain valley step by step. Each of his steps could reach a thousand miles and it was even more superior than flying in the sky.
As soon as the black shadow left, Li Xie could feel that the great pressure on him was relieved.
“Old ancestor, who is that man?”
Behind Li Xie, there was a solemn looking middle-aged man. He asked in a low voice, and obviously he was the Sect Lord of Ghost Eye Sect, Li Zhan.
“Fu Mo.”
Li Xie said with a soft voice and he looked profound.
“Is that Fu Mo?”
Li Zhan said while his eyes looked complicated. It carried astonishment, shock, fear and he couldn’t stay calm at all.
“I don’t know if it’s a good or bad thing for Zhongheng to be with them. At least, our Ghost Eye Sect is going to rule over the Linhe Boundary soon.”
“Fu Mo, Fu Mo… Old ancestor, is this really a chance for us?”
Li Zhan murmured and his face was  mixed with fear and shock.
Qilian Boundary and Tian Qi Mountain Range were one hundred eighty thousand miles in size. The mountains were steep and the place was full of forests. It was the biggest mountain range in the Qilian Boundary.
It was said that Old Ancestor Zhong Zhou passed away while sitting peacefully here. In terms of size, this mountain could be considered as one of the top 5 mountains in the entire Lone Dragon County.
Jiang Chen was crossing the mountain and he had gone through more than ten thousand miles. If one did not have the ability to shutter through space, it might take very very long to walk out from this 18,000-miles Tian Qi Mountain Range.
Jiang Chen took a two-day rest at a small town between the boundary of Tian Qi Mountain Range and Huyue Boundary. In the three months of journey, he had killed about two hundred Half-step Heavenly God Realm experts. At the moment, Jiang Chen’s reputation was widespread to the boundaries surrounding Linhe Boundary. He was well-known and it was the first time in ten thousand years that someone was targeted by the alliance of Linhe Boundary.
Jiang Chen had also become more and more decisive in killing them and he spared no one. Jiang Chen had killed many of the Heavenly God Realm experts of Linhe Boundary, including many experts at the top rankings. On the other hand, those true Half-step Divine King Realm experts would not shame themselves just to come and catch an Early Heavenly God guy.
From Linhe Boundary to Huyue Boundary and to the boundary of Tian Qi Mountain Range, Jiang Chen displayed his overbearing killing intent and it was irresistible.
He wanted to look for Yue Er and Ling Yun at Heavenly Star Boundary but also wanted to look for Dragon Shisan.
At a teahouse between Tian Qi Mountain Range, in a small town, Jiang Chen took a rest and drank some tea. There were a few merchants and lone walkers passing by the Tian Qi Mountain Range as well. However, if one’s cultivation realm had not reached Early Heavenly God Realm, he/she would not dare to enter Tian Qi Mountain Range. It would take one very long time to finish the journey of Tian Qi Mountain Range and there were countless beasts and monsters inside the mountain range. Each of them was extremely ferocious. There were also robbers in the mountain range. If one’s cultivation realm was too low, it was extremely difficult for him to complete the journey.
“Little brother, are you going to pass by the Tian Qi Mountain Range?”
A strong rough man walked to Jiang Chen’s side and said with a smile. Jiang Chen looked at the middle-aged man calmly. The guy was also a Heavenly God Realm expert. Behind his back, there was a sharp axe and he looked very casual and carefree which gave Jiang Chen a good impression.
“Yea?”
Jiang Chen frowned as he glanced at the man.
“How about following us together? I can see that your cultivation realm is high despite your young age. You have reached Early Heavenly God Realm. I don’t mean anything bad. We are the people of She Lan Escort. This time we are going to go through Qi Lian Boundary transporting the unique herbs we have from our Hu Yue Boundary. The journey of passing through Tian Qi Mountain Range would take around three to four years. It’s better that we have each other during the journey.”
Jiang Chen nodded his head slightly. If he was going to walk alone during the journey, it would be quite boring. If he went with them, he might not need to waste time to go into the wrong places during the journey. After all, the journey is long enough as it is, taking three to four years.
“My name is She Zhen, I am the second person in charge of She Lan Escort . We have five of us now and the remaining people here are all the experts from my She Lan Escort. They were all at the Heavenly God Realm. I have passed through Tian Qi Mountain Range a few times so I am quite familiar with the way. I can see your potential and I think it’s better if we all can go through the mountain together.”
She Zhen said with a smile and he looked like an honest man. Next to them, there were one lady and three men, and each of them were drinking their own teas instead of looking at Jiang Chen.
“Many thanks to Brother She then.” Jiang Chen smiled and said.
At the moment, there was a smelly old man walking into the teahouse from somewhere not far. Many people in the teahouse could not help but frown their forehead.
Everyone looked solemn and cold to the old man because the old man didn’t look like any high-ranking or powerful man from any sect. He was just an old Heavenly God Realm man whose cultivation realm was deteriorating every day.
He was really smelly and his eyes looked blurred. He seemed full of despair toward life.
Jiang Chen could not help but feel compassion.
He had killed many people but he only killed those who deserved death. Meanwhile, he also saved many people’s lives. It was not impossible for both killing intent and compassion to exist together.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2485 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2486


Want your mom! There’s no more!
Jiang Chen was no senseless murderer, he has his own reasons when it comes to killing. He would be the first to die if he’ll always be generous and kind. By constantly killing and moving forward only then could he live longer. In this world, only the strong thrive and the weak ones are the stepping stones of the mighty.
Countless murdering will ensure you a one-way pass to the deepest part of hell (18th floor of hell); saving a person’s life and one will gain good karma.
Jiang Chen looked at the old man… My Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pill could possibly save him, although this pill is great, it’s really not THAT valuable, it’ll be worth the price if it could save a person’s life. He was no kind fool but he simply felt pity towards the old man. Countless men leave the world quietly within the Divine World every single year, no one will feel sad for them. After all, one was born into this world with nothing and shall leave with nothing.
Jiang Chen walked towards the old man and looked at him. The old man was in a daze, yet he wasn’t dirty. That smell of his wasn’t from his body odour.
“Old man, how long more can you live?” Jiang Chen said with a smile.
“I don’t know, don’t know, I’m going to die, going to die.” The old man murmured with a frightful eye as he took two steps back, fearful.
“Take this, you’ll get to live another ten years.” The old man looked at Jiang Chen, slightly shocked and slightly dazed.
The old man then took the Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pill and put it into his mouth.
Jiang Chen bitterly smiled. This old man is interesting. If the auction house knew that he gave a Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pill to a beggar… they would’ve been pissed to the core, it would be waste!!
“Delicious, do you have more?” The old man looked at Jiang Chen.
Jiang Chen frowned and gave him another one, the old man took it and swallowed it down again.
“Delicious, delicious, I want more.”
Jiang Chen became speechless.
“Eat your head. 2 Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pills are enough to extend your life for years.”
“I’ll trade you with this, do you still have more, have more?” The old man took out a greyish, smelly rock thing, it was the size of a fist.
Jiang Chen couldn’t help but hold his breath when the old man took out the rock because the thing was extremely pungent, no wonder he’s so smelly.
“This is? ? Tiger Bone Musk?” Jiang Chen’s pupil contracted.
The Tiger Bone Musk was a rare ingredient, it could improve a pill’s effect. But he had only heard of it. Because the Tiger Bone Musk was extremely smelly in nature and was born from the fusion of the bones of the White Tiger and the Heavenly Deer Musk,  whoever inhaled the smell of the ingredient for too long would lose one’s mind. Jiang Chen was certain of the Tiger Bone Musk after confirming all the facts. The White Tiger was a Divine Beast, it was extremely hard to find and even harder to kill. On the other hand, there were even fewer people who had witnessed the Divine Deer, the deer was much rarer than the White Tiger.
“Are you going to trade? Trade? I’ll leave if you’re not going to trade.”
The old man’s eyes were in a daze but one could obviously see that he liked the Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pill.
“Alright.”
“I’ll give you three more!”
Jiang Chen took out another 3 more Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pills and gave it to the old man. He then stashed the ingredient away. Even your average pill would increase by leaps and bounds if the Tiger Bone Musk was added. Even the Immortal Grade or the legendary Divine Grade pills would be improved.
After storing the Tiger Bone Musk, Jiang Chen gave the old man a smile of gratitude. He then saw the old man gulped down the three Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pills. At this moment, even he, the owner, felt that the old bastard was being wasteful… five pills… gulped down in a manner of minutes.
“I want more, I want more.” The old man clapped his hand and said.
“Want your mom! There’s no more.” Jiang Chen rolled his eyes and left.
Jiang Chen could feel the old man’s body undergoing a great change. At least he wasn’t on death’s door now, at least he gained another 15 years of life. The old man gulped down five Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pills… but the Tiger Bone Musk was a pleasant surprise.
Jiang Chen left and joined She Zhen’s group towards the Tianqi Mountain Range. Whereas the old man was still wandering crazily around.
“The same breed attracts one another, hanging out with a beggar, even you have become smelly. Stinky man.”
The young girl beside She Zhen frowned as she pinched her nose and sneered.
The young girl’s name was She Xinying, She Zhen’s niece, the little princess of the escort centre. She was pretty elegant, wearing a white dress, petite and with an S figure, she was a pretty girl. However, her eyes weren’t pretty and Jiang Chen wasn’t attracted to her.
She Xinying looked at Jiang Chen with scorn. She looked down on his strength and felt that his man was a busybody, and now that he was too stinky, the others were also not taking it well.
“It’s best if you clean yourself properly, stinking boy. Otherwise, I wouldn’t mind throwing you into the river.” The black-robed youth beside She Xinying sneered while crossing his arm on his chest.
White skin, looking pale and skinny… pretty gay… The youth stared at Jiang Chen coldly, feeling wary towards him.
“Stinking man, a pretty good derogatory remark. If a man doesn’t stink, how could he become a man with taste? That smooth skin… aren’t you more suited to the art of sewing?” Jiang Chen shrugged as he said with a smile, not angered.
He respected She Zhen and was trying to avoid causing unnecessary trouble for the trip.
“Alright, enough. Liu Xingjun, this is not the escort centre, you had followed me twice, don’t you know the rules?” She Zhen glanced at Jiang Chen with an apologetic expression.
She Xinying and Liu Xingjun were filled with disdain and sarcasm.
“This is the Tianqi Mountain Range, we are now in the danger zone. The domain of the local gang Twin Dragon Leopard is 5000 li ahead. We need to pay some Divine Origin Stones to them quickly. The demand for Divine Origin Stones are quite high even for those demonic beasts, don’t you dare cause me any trouble.” She Zhen said.
His words worked pretty well over Liu Xingjun, the others also silently nodded. She Zhen gave Xinying a good stare and the latter just spat out her little tongue and turned back unwillingly as she caught up with her seniors.
“I’m sorry you had to go through that earlier, please forgive me. Haha, since we’re on this trip together, we should take care of each other. This brother apologises.”
She Zhen tapped Jiang Chen’s shoulder and smiled.
“No matter. I have to pay the road tax anyway, no harm is done. ”
“It’s fine, it won’t make a difference without you.” She Zhen waved his hand as he refused Jiang Chen’s intent of giving him Divine Origin Stones.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2486 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2487


Black Rock Ridge, Leopard
Jiang Chen thought… it’s just a small change of Divine Origin Stones. Though She Zhen is a pretty hot-blooded man, he’s also very loyal. 
“Oh, right… Brother She, how much further do we need to venture in this Tianqi Mountain Range? How many humans and demonic beasts are occupying a mountain?” Jiang Chen asked.
She Zhen nodded and sighed.
“Ah. We need to go through the Tianqi Mountain Range every 10 years, escorting service is not an easy job. This Tianqi Mountain Range is not as simple as you think. Even though this is an amazon, there are people living in this place. Most of them are evil people who had built their bases within this place, they were wanted people that are here to avoid others. But most of the occupants here are demonic beasts who had built their own influence in this place.
“There’s a saying, there’s no path in the beginning but a path will slowly form after countless people walk through the same direction. This is the fastest path discovered by our seniors who traded their life with. The 180,000 Li of the Tianqi Mountain Range is far and wide, most of the places are uninhabitable. We’ll be walking to our death if we do not follow this path. Not even Divine Kings or Hierarch experts dare to venture into this mountain range recklessly, one could easily lose their life here.”
She Zhen said in a serious manner. Jiang Chen dared not to dawdle as She Zhen was a senior, he’s well versed about this path and it should be easy for them to get through the Tianqi Mountain Range.
“It’s pretty mysterious, the survival rate of those who venture through the Tianqi Mountain Range is less than 10%, only us who had dealt with this area for countless years and had some experience in dealing with the dangers of this place could pass through with our lives intact. We could only slowly train and improve ourselves and earn some coins for the sake of climbing to the top in the future…
“This mountain range is boundless, we need more time to reach the Qilian Region.”
She Zhen obviously felt a bit helpless, but he couldn’t do anything. There was only a single goal in the Divine World, it’s to reach the God Emperor Realm. To achieve immortality. But several 100,000 years had already passed since the last God Emperor appeared. The might of a God Emperor was even forgotten as none had witnessed it for thousands of years, no average cultivator could easily witness the might of those beings.
“The Black Rock Ridge is just in front of us, it’s the territory of the Twin Dragon Leopards, we need to at least pay several hundreds of High Grade Divine Origin Stone to get through this place.”
After two months, they were met with a few battles. She Zhen who was a Peak Mid Heavenly God was pretty strong, and was experienced, he could easily get through the battles without any casualties.
Jiang Chen followed She Zhen. But it was obvious that Liu Xingjun and She Xinying wanted nothing to do with him. They were even rude towards him.
“Junior sister, you do not need to care about that fella, he’ll know his place when there’s danger. Trying to be cool, heh. You think you’re some hot shit?” Liu Xingjun sneered.
“There’s no need for you to say it, that bastard, my uncle only accepted him because of his benevolence, that’s all.” She Xinying harrumphed.
Black Rock Ridge, countless black iron pine trees covered the whole region, it was thoroughly black. This whole mountain was black in colour, hence the name.
“This mountain is mine, the trees here were planted by me, those who wish to get through this path, pay up.”
A leopard slowly came out from the Black Rock Ridge. Its body was gigantic and firm, emitting a violent aura, causing Liu Xingjun and the others to be slightly shocked and they dare not to make too much noise.
This was their first time escorting. This 180,000 Li Tianqi Mountain Range was extremely dangerous. The demonic beasts they have previously encountered were all Early Heavenly Gods, but this Mid Heavenly God beast possessed such powerful prestige and aura… even She Zhen who was at a higher realm felt weaker in terms of aura. As lions, tigers, dragons and leopards are stronger compared to the other beasts.
“I am She Lan Escort’s She Zhen, greets Brother Leopard. You still look mighty as ever even after so long. Haha, please do greet the two lords for me. 500 High Grade Divine Origin Stones and this fifty is yours.” She Zhen said with a smile as he passed the stones to the leopard.
The leopard looked at She Zhen and said indifferently:
“Pretty smart. But this year is different, the prince of the Eight Lineages, Silver River, is going to get married, our boss wants to send 100,000 High Grade Divine Origin Stones as a gift. Hence, this year’s toll fee is 5000 stones, otherwise, leave everything here and become my slave for ten years.” The leopard’s cold voice reverberated in She Zhen’s ears.
She Zhen was slightly stunned as he thought ‘sh*t’. This was just the first stop of the Tianqi Mountain Range, the Twin Dragon Leopard was pretty reasonable but it’s different now. He couldn’t possibly pay up the toll if it’s this high now. Even if he could, how could he pay the next one? There were more than ten areas in the Tianqi Mountain Range controlled by either humans and demonic beasts. Each of them would surely demand 500 High Grade Divine Origin Stones, but it looked like it’s not even enough for this toll.
“Brother Leopard, this… seems a bit unreasonable…” She Zhen replied with an awkward laugh.
“Yeah, are you trying to swallow us whole? Hmph.” She Xinying said with disdain.
“A pretty good girl. Hehe, the debt is cleared if that girl stays with me. How’s it gonna be? Don’t force my hand, otherwise, none of you shall leave here.” The leopard said as he glared at She Xinying in a playful sight.
She Zhen’s expression changed drastically and said:
“Brother Leopard, please do not get angry, this is my little niece, she’s unruly, I hope you’ll forgive her behaviour.”
“Isn’t it just a leopard? Why are you afraid? Uncle, I refuse to believe that he could eat all of us.”
She Xinying said angrily, ignoring She Zhen’s apology.
“Shut up!” Slap 
She Zhen turned and gave Xinying a big slap. At this moment, even Jiang Chen was stunned. This was his first time seeing She Zhen being this harsh. But he knew that this was for her own good. An immature girl who’s fearless towards the world… Unfortunately, one needed to have the power to back it up. A little girl dared to act tough here… she’ll probably die somewhere without knowing if she continued to act like this.
She Zhen was worried about her safety, that’s all…
“Uncle, you… you slapped me?”
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2487 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2488


The princess in the fairy tales
*The head leopard is a spotted leopard 
She Xinying was biting her red lips with tears swelling up in her eyes. She never imagined that her domineering and powerful uncle would bow before a leopard who was weaker than him. The honour and prestige of their She Lan Escort were tarnished by her uncle.
“Great God! Please don’t speak anymore.” Liu Xingjun tugged She Xinyin but the latter pushed him away.
“Don’t touch me, all of you are cowards! Cowards!” She Xinyin said furiously, her pretty face even got red from anger.
“I’m not in a great mood now, 5000 stones, no less, this little lady included. Otherwise, die!” The spotted leopard became cold.
“5000 Divine Origin Stones, we’ll pay it. Brother Leopard, I apologise on behalf of my little niece.” She Zhen said.
She Xinying gritted her teeth. She couldn’t accept it and she couldn’t bear watching her uncle bow down towards this demonic beast. But she did not know that this is life… From the moment she was born, she was pampered with love and care. Her food, clothes, and the roof above her head were all earned with the sweat, blood and tears of her ancestors and father. She was raised with all of those resources and never faced any hardships, hence  she always felt greater than others. A mere demonic beast? How can she not be angry?
Jiang Chen did not speak a single word. This was her overdue lesson. Otherwise, this little princess will always live in her fairy tale where she’ll get whatever she wanted, and the world of the cruel and cold world was a far-fetched reality for her.
“What if I say no? This little lady has quite a temper, I want to try and ‘educate’ her. Hehehe. ” The leopard said coldly.
“Prepare for battle, Liu Xingjun, protect Xinying. You’ll take full responsibility if anything were to happen to her.”
She Zhen knew that a battle was inevitable. Xinying had thoroughly offended the spotted leopard. They will be enslaved by the beast within the Black Rock Ridge if they do not force their way through.
“She San, Ma Jun, the two of you prepare for battle. Jiang Chen, assist us from the side, we’re in big trouble.” She Zhen said quietly.
Roar! 
The spotted leopard roared and dozens of leopards came out from the jungle, over thirty leopards who were Early Heavenly Gods.
She Zhen’s expression became gloomy. The amount of spotted leopards… This situation is pretty dangerous. I can handle the leading leopard but the other thirty or so leopards…. Ma Jun and She San could barely face 7 on their own, Jiang Chen is an Early Heavenly God, no matter how talented he is, he could only take on 5… the remaining ones… She Xinying’s safety…. This is her first trip with me, she begged me for 7 years to leave the Tiger Leap Region, to explore the outside world but to think that such big trouble came on her first trip. 
She Zhen couldn’t help but sigh, She Xinyin was still too young. He had told her to not be too arrogant before departing a thousand times, to avoid getting into trouble, but now it looked like his advice was useless, it would be a waste of effort if he were to get mad now.
“Puny humans, all of you shall become my slaves. This little hot chilli… me likey… kakaka.”
A spotted leopard pounced towards She Zhen. Although the latter was stronger than the beast, they were in the enemy territory, hence the enemy were well-versed in the terrain here. Yet, She Zhen was a veteran who had gone through hundreds of battles and always came out alive.
She Zhen and the leading leopard clashed. The latter was 5-meter tall, hence a melee was very disadvantageous for She Zhen. To gain back the flow of the battle, She Zhen attempted to utilise his greatsword. Both sides were attacking fiercely by aiming at each other’s vitals.
On the other side, thirty spotted leopards surrounded Jiang Chen and the others. Ma Jun and She San were veterans but their faces were painted with fear as the amount was too much for them to handle. Thirty Heavenly Gods… they couldn’t possibly fight them all.
“What are you afraid of? Watch me.”
She Xinying got through Liu Xingjun and rushed towards a spotted leopard. The white jade blade of hers was nimble, but she was still an Early Heavenly God. Liu Xingjun and the others quickly joined up with her when they saw her rushing over. The five of them faced thirty beasts, Jiang Chen smiled. He did not want to show his true strength now, it’s best for others to not know his identity. He did not want to cause trouble for them.
For Jiang Chen, thirty leopards were as easy as a single stroke of the blade. But the four of them were forced into passive, even though Jiang Chen was handling 8 leopards alone. The four of them were even injured from the clash.
Especially Liu Xingjun and She Xinying, this was their first time coming out after all. Although they possessed the strength, their experience was lacking. Xinying was a daredevil, but she’ll pay dearly for her recklessness as claw marks appeared on her body. Liu Xingjun who was tasked to protect her couldn’t pay any heed towards her as he had his hands full.
“We can’t take it anymore, Master She.”
Liu Xingjun was surrounded by three leopards, making him sweat profusely. Moreover, he’s  continuously getting injured. The others were also walking on a tightrope, they lost all their confidence under the onslaught of the beasts. Liu Xingjun’s eyes were filled with fear and She Xinyin had lost her princess confidence. Although she’s fierce but the fact was there, they did not have what it takes to fight back.
On the other side, She Zhen was pushed back by the beast as he was worried about others, taking away his concentration towards the fight before him. Even though he was definitely stronger, he couldn’t deal a decisive blow towards his opponent.
“Be careful!” She Zhen roared.
She Xinying was ambushed by two leopards from the back. Powerful claws were closing onto her and she could hear the air ripping apart from their claws, she could clearly feel the threat of death closing onto her.
Jiang Chen moved and punched twice, instantly crushing the skull of the two leopards. She Xinying was  stunned by this to the point that she couldn’t move nor say a word. She would’ve lost her head if it weren’t for Jiang Chen.
She Xinyin was filled with gratitude and curiosity towards Jiang Chen even though she was disrespectful towards him earlier. At that very moment, Jiang Chen’s handsome and dominating figure had been sealed in Xinying’s maiden heart.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2488 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2489


I’m rushing for time, don’t take up too much of my time
Liu Xingjun never imagined Jiang Chen to be so powerful. Each of his punches were explosive, those leopards all died in one hit. The others were saved by Jiang Chen after he eliminated all 30 leopards alone in a swift manner. The four of them gasped for air as they were covered in injuries.
The leading Leopard was slightly stunned and shocked. This young man has some pretty powerful techniques.
Liu Xingjun looked at Jiang Chen with complicated eyes. Even though he couldn’t accept it but without him, they would’ve been all dead.
“This fella… to think he’s that strong, concealing his true strength. He’s probably on par with Master She who’s a Peak Mid Heavenly God.”
“Yeah, from just his physical strength alone to be this powerful, this is incredible.”
Ma Jun and She San were both impressed. Jiang Chen instantly became their idol. Swift footwork, unpredictable, and precise attacks, those Heavenly God leopards stood no chance against him. Such techniques were worthy of their respect.
She Xinying felt complicated seeing Jiang Chen was stronger than all of them, by leaps and bounds. Plus, he saved her by overwhelming their opponents, otherwise, her head would’ve been on the ground. Isn’t that how a prince charming should be? Like an angel descending upon the earth, saving her from the grasp of evil. But Jiang Chen’s image was far from her perfect image of a charming prince.
Jiang Chen’s expression was cold. He then joined She Zhen to fight against the leading leopard. The beast was instantly pushed back as Jiang Chen fought with his unstoppable fist, not giving the beast a chance to breathe. The veteran fighter She Zhen also wasn’t giving his opponent a chance to get away as they both bombarded the leopard with violent strikes.
“Die!” Jiang Chen punched with vigour.
“You cannot kill me!!” The Spotted Leopard’s eyes were filled with terror as Jiang Chen’s fist thrust, devastating his body without remorse.
Domineering!
“We need to get out of here ASAP. Otherwise, we’ll surely die once the Twin Dragon Leopard is to come, those two fellas are Late Heavenly Gods, we’re not their match.” She Zhen said seriously.
Although Jiang Chen’s strength had shocked him, the time was pressing.
“You guys leave, I’ll be the rearguard.” Jiang Chen said.
“No! You can’t beat those two fellas.” She Zhen shook his head and said.
“It’s fine, I have a defensive footwork, not even a Late Heavenly God could kill me easily.” Jiang Chen said.
“But…”
“Big Brother She, stop being wishy-washy, that’s so not you.”
“Little Brother, I, She Zhen, owe you one. I shall wait for you on the outside of the Black Rock Ridge. I hope to see you there.”
She Zhen quickly took the other four away from the Black Rock Ridge without looking back. She Xinying looked back as her eyes became much more confused.
Jiang Chen felt two powerful energies closing onto his position with speed.
“Good lad, you dare kill my men and stay here. You got balls. This is the first time I, Silver Dragon Leopard, met such a ballsy fella.” A silver leopard said coldly, filled with killing intent, he was ten-meter tall, this beast was truly mighty.
A similar-looking golden leopard was behind him. Twin Dragon Leopard indeed.
“To think a puny human could kill my vanguard. Heh, an Early Heavenly God, you’re pretty capable.” Golden Dragon Leopard shook his head and chuckled.
“Twin Dragon Leopards? Two puny leopards dare to call themselves Dragon Leopard? Hahaha, this is hilarious, I shall make Xiao Long Bao out of you two today.” Jiang Chen calmly said as he faced the Twin Dragon Leopards with confidence and eyes of disdain.
“Lad, I see that you’re seeking to die. Us, Twin Dragon Leopards have reigned supreme in this Tianqi Mountain Range for thousands of years, but never had we once met such an arrogant fella. We could even fight a Peak Heavenly God without losing. Today, you shall know what it means to have the courage of a leopard and the prestige of a dragon!” Silver Dragon Leopard sneered.
“Dragon prestige? From the two of you?” Jiang Chen sighed.
“Come, I’m rushing for time, don’t take up too much of my time.”
“Impertinent! Die!” Silver Dragon Leopard roared as he flew towards Jiang Chen.
Jiang Chen roared and used the Dragon Transformation Art, filling his body with domineering dragon prestige and dragon qi. The Twin Dragon Leopards halted in their tracks, their combined dragon prestige couldn’t even compare against Jiang Chen.
“Such a powerful dragon prestige!”
Golden Dragon Leopard was shocked. But Jiang Chen was still weak compared to them.
“Second Brother, careful, this human is not simple.” Golden Dragon Leopard said.
Jiang Chen came rushing towards the Silver Dragon Leopard with a great power coming from his fist. The beast was then pushed back due to the force behind the punch.
Silver Dragon Leopard’s eyes were filled with shock, he was pushed back by a single punch, the dragon prestige behind that attack completely overwhelmed him.
“Big Brother, I am not his match.”
Silver Dragon Leopard was angered but he knew that his opponent had the advantage towards him, he would certainly die if he prolong this fight.
“Alright, let’s do it together, let’s finish this fast.”
The Golden Dragon Leopard knew what his brother was thinking. He too was shocked by that fist. Such a strong puny human. They needed to end this fight fast. These beasts have their own cards, otherwise, they wouldn’t be able to become a leading figure in this Tianqi Mountain Range.
“Just to my liking.” Jiang Chen said with a smile as the dragon prestige filled the air. With his strength at the Late Heavenly God Realm, and in addition to the pressure from the dragon prestige, the Twin Dragon Leopards were utterly suppressed. They couldn’t defeat him even with their combined effort, it’s just a matter of time before they were beaten.
Jiang Chen’s moves were lethal as his mighty fist kept landing on the Golden Leopard, like a metal bat swinging on a cat’s body.
Jiang Chen’s body was as sturdy as a Divine Tool. He gained the initiative against the Twin Dragon Leopards, without the Heavenly Dragon Sword to boot. The Twin Dragon Leopards had zero chance in fighting back.
Mighty dragon prestige filled the air. When She Zhen looked back, his heart became heavy, that terrifying dragon prestige could be felt 100 li away, it was an unstoppable pressure.
She Zhen’s heart trembled, the Twin Dragon Leopards possessed a mighty dragon prestige. Could Jiang Chen have fallen?
“Little Brother, please be safe!” She Zhen suddenly looked back.
He cannot leave Jiang Chen alone! Otherwise, how can he face the world proudly?
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2489 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2490


Blazing Flame Heavenly Lizard
Jiang Chen overpowered the Twin Dragon Leopards’ dragon prestige easily, the brothers tried to bring out their full strength but to no avail. Their dragon prestige was suppressed, completely losing their former domineering aura.
The Twin Dragon Leopards who were famous around the outer parts of the Tianqi Mountain Range were utterly suppressed by Jiang Chen’s dragon prestige. They finally knew what it meant to be suppressed, although they were the ones who had used it on others in the past.
“Such terrifying pressure.” The Golden Dragon Leopard gasped.
Such powerful dragon prestige, suppressing both of them.
*Roar*
The Silver Dragon Leopard roared as he pounced on Jiang Chen with his sharp claws. Jiang Chen was completely unfazed as he intercepted the Silver Dragon Leopard with his mighty fist. The leopard whimpered in pain as it flew back, Jiang Chen’s physical strength alone could overpower the leopard’s might.
The Golden Dragon Leopard quickly joined in but Jiang Chen was much more violent compared to these beasts. He didn’t even take a single step back as his fist pounded on the duo’s body, causing them to roar and scream in pain. The Twin Dragon Leopards completely lost the initiative.
“It’s about time to end this.” Jiang Chen said as he formed a hand seal.
The Twin Dragon Leopards’ expression became twisted in fear. At this moment, they realised how terrifying Jiang Chen was.
“True Dragon Palm!”
Dragon prestige fell upon the battlefield, dragon roars could be heard as the mighty True Dragon Palm landed on the Twin Dragon Leopards, causing the two of them to fly backwards.
“Don’t kill us!”
The Twin Dragon Leopards were filled with fear, they finally understood this Early Heavenly God’s terror after he single-handedly put the two of them down. Never had they met nor heard such a powerful human before, completely unstoppable. Especially that terrifying dragon prestige, that was the most fatal part as it could suppress their strength, locking away their dragon techniques.
“Isn’t it too late to beg for forgiveness now?” Jiang Chen said coldly.
He then launched his thunderous punch towards the Twin Dragon Leopards, shattering their meridians and blood vessels and their skulls exploded, instantly killing them.
The Twin Dragon Leopards had surely never imagined getting killed by an Early Heavenly God little kid. The reason? To prepare for the gift for the Eight Lineages Silver River.
*Clap clap*
Jiang Chen then took the Twin Dragon Leopards demonic spirit. Two Late Heavenly Gods demonic spirits were pretty useful, including 30 Early Heavenly God demonic spirits… he’ll be able to cultivate more with these.
Jiang Chen bumped into She Zhen after a short while, She Zhen looked at him in shock.
“Little Brother, are you alright?”
“I’m fine, what can happen to me? Hehe.” Jiang Chen replied with a shrug and a smile. His clothes were as clean even after going through such a heated battle.
She Zhen looked at Jiang Chen in disbelief. What about the Twin Dragon Leopards?
“Where’s the Twin Dragon Leopards? I could hear two faint beastly roars.” She Zhen said solemnly.
“You probably heard it wrong, I didn’t see anything. I was pretty careful when I came down, I didn’t see nor hear any disturbance in my surroundings.” Jiang Chen said.
“Alright, let us leave quickly, it’s not great to stay here any longer. The Twin Dragon Leopards may not have noticed what’s happening yet, otherwise we would’ve been caught.” She Zhen was stunned but felt relieved.
They wouldn’t be able to withstand the might of the Twin Dragon Leopards, who are in the Late Heavenly God realm, if they were to come. Jiang Chen would be the first to die, although he’s strong, he’s still an Early Heavenly God. Hence, it was very impressive of him to be able to kill those weaker leopards. But it was also thanks to She Zhen’s help. But from this, one could see that Jiang Chen has some experience.
Probably… Jiang Chen was right, the Twin Dragon Leopards weren’t around or they may not have figured out what was happening yet. Nevertheless, they must leave this place ASAP.
Jiang Chen nodded and followed behind She Zhen as they swiftly met up with She Xinying and the others. She Zhen looked back, feeling confused and relieved at the same time.
After another month of travelling, they finally left the Twin Dragon Leopards’ territory. She Zhen was filled with anxiety during this month, fearing that the Twin Dragon Leopards may catch up to them, but his worry was obviously unneeded. Because Jiang Chen had already eliminated those two troublesome pests.
In the meantime, She Xinying dared not to make things hard for Jiang Chen anymore. She even treated Jiang Chen with respect, however Jiang Chen was unfazed by her action. She became matured after facing such hardship even though she was pampered her whole life.
There wasn’t any big event after that. Because most of the organised demonic beast groups will not simply attack travellers. They only encountered some demonic beasts who were hunting for prey and they had not met any powerful Mid Heavenly God demonic beast.
“The Misty Forest is up ahead. The outer layer of the Misty Forest has a natural barrier, it’s not hard to get through the forest but we’ll have to wait until the sun is shining brightly and the mist clears up. However, if there’s rain, the forest will become extremely misty, forming a barrier and the poisonous mist will gather from the poisonous swamp within the forest. Hence, the forest is filled with poisonous mist, making it hard for even Divine Kings to get through this forest.” She Zhen said in a serious manner, reminding everyone.
But at this moment, a squeal could be heard from the front.
“Run, quick, run away!” A shaken squeal rang out.
Finally, a human after their long journey, but it looks like it’s more than a guy.
A dozen or so men were running towards them with fear written all over their faces.
“Friend, why are you guys running? What’s going on over there?” She Zhen stopped a guy and asked.
“A Blazing Flame Heavenly Lizard appeared in the Misty Forest, poisonous gas filled the air, nobody could get through it. Plus, there’s also a great amount of Heavenly God Realm poisonous toads, it’s terrifying.” A Mid Heavenly God expert said.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2490 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2491


Yu Er’niang
“Blazing Flame Heavenly Lizard? How strong is it?”
Jiang Chen asked.
“You wouldn’t have any rights to speak in front of it.”
The middle-aged man snorted and gave Jiang Chen a glance filled with disdain. He immediately turned around and left the place as if he was afraid of being chased down by the Blazing Flame Heavenly Lizard.
Group after group of people came afterwards, around ten groups. Each of them were strong, and there were four Late Heavenly God Realm experts. However, all of them looked solemn and hurriedly left the place. It might not be that simple to go through this Misty Forest.
“We should also leave first, otherwise, we might fall into misfortune too.”
She Zhen would never do something that he was not confident about. This time, he gave Jiang Chen a glance to seek his opinion.
“I will listen to your suggestion.”
Jiang Chen said with a smile as She Zhen was very familiar with this Tian Qi Mountain Range. Although his combat strength was stronger than She Zhen slightly, he was still a newbie in terms of the experience of crossing the mountain range. He knew nothing about the dangerous circumstances here.
Those who were running desperately and fleeing from the forest had left Jiang Chen and the others behind. Jiang Chen could also feel an enormously formidable aura approaching them. The aura was quite overbearing and he guessed that it was from a Half-step Divine King Realm expert. Such a terrifying beast appearing in front of humans would be catastrophic, just like an enormous existence who had the control over one’s life and death.
Not long after Jiang Chen and She Zhen left, they saw those people who left earlier. They all had taken another U-turn and looked extremely worried.
“There are chasing enemies in front but also fierce tigers behind. My life will end here soon!”
A white-haired old man said with a sigh and his eyes were full of despair.
“Guys, are you……”
She Zhen looked at those who were fleeing and was startled. He was afraid that this journey would not be easy this time.
“It is the Three-head Dragon of the Eight Lineages Silver River, and obviously it is going to chase us back.”
“That’s right. The young master of Bai Mai Silver River is getting married. The entire Tian Qi Mountain Range is going to boil up and we will be the victims.”
“Yes, we are going to be their nourishment without a doubt.”
Some said while gritting their teeth tightly. Currently, the situation was extremely critical and full of danger. Their safety had fallen into a predicament.
Jiang Chen felt a shiver in his heart. Who is this Bai Mai Silver River master? How could he be so dreadful to control the entire Tian Qi Mountain Range?” According to his popularity, he was definitely not an ordinary man, but Jiang Chen did not know if he was a human or a beast.
“The Blazing Flame Heavenly Lizard of Misty Forest is in front of us now and the Three-head Dragon who is one of the four great guardians of Bai Mai Silver River is behind us. I think there’s no way for us to escape now.”
She Zhen said in a fearful tone. No one has ever encountered a situation like this before. It was also their first time encountering this even after passing through Tian Qi Mountain Range for more than ten times.
“Can’t we flee towards the east or west?”
Jiang Chen frowned and asked.
“You seemed like a newbie. How dare you talk like this when you don’t even have the knowledge about Tian Qi Mountain Range? Hehe, it’s funny.”
Some people teased. Everyone was incomparably nervous at this moment but none of them fled toward the east or west.
“Sigh.”
“The East side is an area of origin with the hundred thousand grand hills. There are many Heavenly God Realm and Divine King Realm beasts there. It is the least populated area in the entire Tian Qi Mountain Range. Once you enter the East, it means death. In the West, it is connected to the Misty Forest which is also a place full of poison. There are countless poisonous insects and poisonous creatures inside. It is also an area of origin where no one entered before. However, whoever walks towards the east or west will not be able to come out alive. It is always the case from the beginning until now. I am an old man who speaks straightforwardly. However, the salt that I have tasted is much more than the rice you have eaten. Hehe.”
The white-haired old man said while smiling. He gave Jiang Chen a glance filled with pride. In all of their eyes, Jiang Chen was only a newbie.
“That means we are now at a dead end? We have so many of us here, don’t we have a chance to fight?”
Jiang Chen said with a faint smile.
“A chance to fight? Hahaha. I admire your courage. But I must say that you’re too naive. We only have four Late Heavenly God Realm experts and the remaining are all Early and Mid Heavenly Gods. We only have about thirty people to fight against the Late Heavenly God and even Half-step Divine King realm monsters. It will be no different than courting our own death.”
A short-haired swordsman sneered and said.
“Are we really waiting here for death?”
Jiang Chen snorted. Compared to the others who looked serious and anxious, She Zhen found Jiang Chen’s calmness quite admiring.
“I actually support what the young brother said. I think it’s better to give it a try and fight with our lives than wait for death? Hehe. So what if the guardian of the Eight Lineages Silver River is here? I am too nervous now.”
A graceful lady who had a seductive body touched Jiang Chen’s chin lightly while her face carried a playful smile. Her curvy body could undeniably attract hundreds and thousands of men. Especially her deep eyes that were like the Flower of Paradise that was full of mystery.
Jiang Chen looked calm. Although this lady was indeed beautiful, she was not comparable to his wives Wu Ningzhu and Yan Chenyu at all. However, a normal guy would not be able to resist her coquettish manner at all. If he was an ordinary man, he would’ve worshipped under her dress as well.
“Yu Er’niang, he is still young and ignorant. Hope that you’ll forgive him. Hehe.”
She Zhen looked at the lady and said with a smile. He looked as if he was afraid of Jiang Chen being eaten by her alive because none of the men targeted by Yu Er’niang would be able to get out of her hand.
“Kekeke, as if I will eat people up.”
Yu Er’niang covered her mouth and smiled. Everyone looked extremely serious but she was the only one who still carried a smile. However, she did not dare to be reckless at all.
In a flash, Jiang Chen used a hand to hug Yu Er’niang’s slim waist while another hand pinched her buttock hard. Yu Er’niang’s face was filled with fury but her eyes still looked graceful. She looked at Jiang Chen and realised that Jiang Chen still looked very peaceful and calm. He was not affected by her at all.
“Yu Er’niang, right? Your body figure is just so-so.”
Jiang Chen curled up his lips and he acted like a judge judging her body figure.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2491 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2492


Chapter 2492 Earthly Fire Three-head Dragon
“Bastard!”
She Xinying’s face became gloomy after seeing the playful interaction between Jiang Chen and Yu Er’niang. She could not help feeling angry looking at them. They were shameless to do something like this under the public eyes.
She Xinying gritted her teeth hard, but Yu Er’niang was indeed more flirtatious than her and her body shape looked more perfect compared to her. Looking at her own inferior body figure, she was completely outraged.
Jiang Chen’s behaviour had also startled She Zhen. What he did looked really ignorant as he dared to offend anyone he met. At Huyue Boundary, Yu Er’niang was quite popular and there were at least eight thousand men who had complicated relationships with her.
“So-so? Keke, seems like you know quite a lot. I have never lost to anyone in terms of insight.”
Yu Er’niang looked stunned but also irritated. She gave Jiang Chen a glance in a reprimanding way. She then got off of Jiang Chen’s hands effortlessly while her eyes carried a sense of killing intent.
However, at this moment, everyone was alarmed. The true danger was coming to them.
“The Blazing flame Heavenly Lizard. It’s a Blazing Flame Heavenly Lizard that’s more than 3.3 metres tall. It had scared so many people when it crawled out from the Misty Swamp in the past.”
“That’s right. We have more than a hundred people here but half of us are going to die under this Blazing flame Heavenly Lizard’s feet.”
“The heavens really want me to die here. Am I really going to die here? I won’t accept, I am unreisgned. I haven’t even gotten myself a wife yet. I am the only child in my generation.”
Following the exclamation of the people on the scene, the Blazing flame Heavenly Lizard’s gigantic figure appeared a thousand metres away from them. It was a walking giant lizard and it could push more than ten tall palm trees aside in a flash. Its imposing manner was terrifying. Each of its footsteps seemed to shake the entire mountain and earth.
Jiang Chen raised his head and looked at the Blazing flame Heavenly Lizard. It was indeed oppressive. Although it was only at the peak of Heavenly God Realm, it was talented and its strength might have reached the Half-step Divine King Realm.
“Roar…roar…”
Its defeatning roaring echoed in Jiang Chen and the others’ ears. Thirty people were waiting carefully. The Blazing flame Heavenly Lizard’s roar made people tremble in fear.
“Master She, what should we do? What to do?”
Liu Xingjun said anxiously, and his fearful facial complexion looked like he was an innocent lunatic.
Liu Xinjun was looking at those who had a higher cultivation realm full of fear and horror. He was not ready for this predicament at all. He thought that this journey would be quite an interesting trip and he did not need to worry anything by following She Zhen. He was actually quite talented and thought that he could take up the duty to protect the lady and be She Xinying’s hero. However, it was beyond his expectation that he would encounter a danger like this not long after the journey began. The danger had completely crushed Li Xingjun’s inner defense. Looking at the gigantic Blazing Flame Heavenly Lizard, his legs became paralysed and could not move at all.
“Shut up! Who shall I ask if you ask me? Do you really think that this journey is a vacation trip? This is  Tian Qi Mountain Range that is full of danger. One would have to risk losing their life anytime. Since the day you entered Tian Qi Mountain Range, I have told you that you will be with death for three years. No one can ensure whether you would live or die within these three years. Even I could not guarantee your safety, do you understand?”
She Zhen shouted in a deep voice. It was like a heavy blow on Liu Xingjun. In addition, after listening to so many stories and people being killed under the Blazing Flame Heavenly Lizard, fear was spreading across his heart. Liu Xingyun was badly terrified.
Jiang Chen laughed. A man like this only deserved to live inside the house of their own sect or family because they were too vulnerable when faced with the true danger. Jiang Chen treated him as if he was a kid who was playing tantrum.
Jiang Chen was never afraid of death at all, that was how he could come out alive from death each time.
“I am afraid. I don’t want to die!”
Liu Xingzhen was terrified. At this moment, he was completely suppressed by the great pressure from the beast.  She Xinying was full of doubt when looking at Liu Xingjun’s ugly face. On the other side, Jiang Chen’s eyes were filled with radiance even though he always stayed low-profil. Although Jiang Chen was a bit dirty, he was still more superior than Liu Xingjun.
“Everyone here would not want to die. However, when facing death, you only have a single choice which is to conquer death. You do have another choice, and that is to accept death.”
Jiang Chen said peacefully. He spoke like an old man. However, Liu Xingjun right now could not hear anything at all because he just wanted to leave this land of danger as soon as possible.
“You seem very confident, little brother. Don’t you feel scared?”
Yu Er’niang stood beside Jiang Chen and said with a faint smile. She was also scared like everyone on the scene because no one had encountered a situation like this before. However, what’s the point of being afraid? Can the heavens come and save them from this crisis? No, you can only rely on yourself  because you only have yourself. Humans can display unlimited potential when they are in despair.
“I am scared. I am scared that I won’t be able to see a girl as beautiful as Yu Er’niang.” Jiang Chen said with a smile.
“Annoying. This is the first time people called me as a girl.”
Yu Er’niang gave Jiang Chen a flirtatious glance.
“A girl is a girl. Even if she is flirtatious, she is still a girl. However, the Blazing Flame Heavenly Lizard will not let you go only because you are a girl.”
When Jiang Chen raised his head again, he saw that the Blazing Flame Heavenly Lizard was already very near to them.
“Lowly humans, how dare you come into my territory and disturb my peace. You all deserve death.”
The Blazing Flame Heavenly Lizard’s deep voice echoed in the void.
“Haha, old lizard, I also want these people. How about you show me some face? Our young master is having a wedding. If I can give him these humans as delicacies, I will definitely be rewarded. At that time, I will share with you some of my rewards, what do you think?”
Everyone was shocked because there was another unparalleled expert here!
“Earthly Fire Three-headed Dragon? Do you think you can compete with me?”
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2492 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2493


Draw a Circle on the Ground as a Prison
Being one of the four great guardians of Eight Lineages Silver River, the Earthly Fire Three-headed Dragon was quite popular in the entire Tian Qi Mountain Range. Not to say that they could sweep across the entire mountain range, but as long as people talked about Eight Lineages Silver River, beasts and humans alike would show them some respect. It’s very rare to see beasts or humans simply come to the Eight Lineages Silver River. Earthly Fire Three-headed Dragon could be considered as one of the master level experts in Tian Qi Mountain Range but there are still quite a lot of people who tried to compete with him. However, there are only very few people who would dare offend Eight Lineages Silver River.
“Whether you want to  devour these humans to cultivate yourself or want to chase them away, I think you know the best. These people have never offended you before, and you’re only trying to find an excuse for yourself. Do me a favour and give them to me, my lord would definitely be very happy.”
The Earthly Fire Three-headed Dragon said with a faint smile while looking arrogant. He did not really care about this Blazing Flame Heavenly Lizard at all.
“An idiot talking in his dream!”
The Blazing Flame Heavenly Lizard was irritated.
The Earthly Fire Three-headed Dragon acted as if he’s sighing and said in a low voice, “Hehe. seems like a battle is unavoidable.”
There were many Heavenly God Realm beasts in the mountain range. However, being one of the greatest guardians of Eight Lineages Silver River showed that the Earthly Fire Three-headed Dragon must be quite powerful. Ordinary Half-step Heavenly Gods would not be able to deal with him. That was why he was being so arrogant and wild.
The Earthly Fire Three-headed Dragon and Blazing Flame Heavenly Lizard could effortlessly eat Jiang Chen and the others up. They did not even need to chase after them.
“Seems like we have become their prey.”
Yu Er’niang shrugged and said . She still looked enchanting despite the current crisis. It was always hard for men to move their gaze away from her face. Her deep round eyes and curvy body had attracted everyone’s attention.
“Little brother, how about I bring you to run away later? Once these two monsters start fighting, we start fleeing. There must be a chance for us to run away from the misfortune.”
Yu Er’niang used her fingers to touch Jiang Chen.
“What if you eat me up?”
Jiang Chen shook his head.
“Two dogs strive for a bone, and a third runs away with it. One of them must take a step back if both of them fight to eat us. Otherwise, they would both be hurt badly.”
The short-haired swordsman said, his eyes gave glowing with radiance. They were looking for opportunities as well. Once they had the chance, they would immediately run away. It was such an unacceptable thing to be eaten by the beasts. However, nothing is impossible under the law of the jungle.
“Get your chance later. Although the people here have not taken any action yet, it’s because they have been waiting for a chance, otherwise, we would only die here.”
She Zhen said with a deep voice. She Xinying, Liu Xingjun and the others nodded in unison. Liu Xingjun was filled with the fear of death and his heart had completely collapsed.
Jiang Chen looked at the two gigantic beasts silently. The dreadful Earthly Fire Three-headed Dragon was huge in size and he had three heads in azure green colour. There was a blazing fire between his forehead, and that was why he was called Earthly Fire Three-headed Dragon. The most terrifying part of Earthly Fire Three-headed Dragon was his beast fire, Earthy Fire. This beast fire was quite terrifying. Although it was incomparable to Jiang Chen’s Five Elemental True Fire, it was still extraordinarily dreadful to other fires. Following with the advancement of his strength, the Earthly Fire Three-headed Dragon’s Earthy Fire would be even more terrifying.
“Do you really think that I will be afraid of you? I really want to see how great the Eight Lineages Silver River is.”
The Blazing Flame Heavenly Lizard took a step forward and smashed the void. The surrounding mountains were shaken by his overbearing step.
The Earthly Fire Three-headed Dragon snorted and took action as well with three heads. He swept across the trees and rocks around and wrestled with the Blazing Flame Heavenly Lizard immediately. Everyone was stunned by the fierce collision. It’s a battle of physique and it was also the most dreadful battle. For the beasts, they love to fight with their body and see who was able to win at the end. This was the rule of the battle between the beasts. They would compete with their body strength and physique.
Of course, both of them would not show any sign of inferiority in this battle. At the moment, some people want to take the chance to flee but the Earthly Fire Three-headed Dragon and Blazing Flame Heavenly Lizard would not allow this to happen.
“I am going to kill you if you dare to step out of this battle zone!”
The Blazing Flame Heavenly Lizard was repulsed by the Earthly Fire Three-headed Dragon’s attack, killing four people in the process. At the moment, everyone was stunned and stopped moving. Looking at this bloody scene, Liu Xingjun was completely freaked out. Life had become so fragile at this moment. He almost cried out while facing such great pressure. He even found breathing difficult now.
No one dared to take any action after the Earthly Fire Three-headed Dragon made a heavy strike. A Late Heavenly God and three Mid Heavenly Gods were killed by him in just a second. No one dared to believe this. Who would dare to run away now?
Draw a circle on the ground as a prison!
The Blazing Flame Heavenly Lizard did not take his chance to attack the Earthly Fire Three-headed Dragon at the moment. Because he understood that if they did not show some true colours to the human, they would definitely take the opportunity to flee during their battle. The Blazing Flame Heavenly Lizard and Earthly Fire Three-headed Dragon were not foolish. The reason they fought was because of these humans, of course they would not let them to run away.
Jiang Chen had not moved at all since the beginning. Everyone also got back to where they were slowly and their facial expression looked even more terrible now. The beasts’ intelligence was not any lower than that of the humans. No one could run away from here. Everyone, especially Liu Xingjun, felt extremely depressed as it was scary to face death. What is more terrifying than death was the suffering of waiting for death without doing anything.
“What we can look forward to is wait for those two to get terribly injured in their battle. That would be the best timing for us, not to run away but fight them with our utmost effort. It is impossible to run away and we would only help to strengthen their spirit if we run away. Their power are quite formidable and incomparable. It’s not easy for each of them to kill each other. So before they take action in the battle, let us remain calm and not to take any action. Whether you can survive depends on your patience.”
Jiang Chen said with a low voice. Everyone had their destiny when it came to their life. He did not want to make any changes simply as he was not a savior.
Surviving is an opportunity while death is also another way of reborn.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2493 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2494


Eight Hundred Earthly Fire Giant Pythons
Jiang Chen’s words sounded reasonable and most of them nodded slightly. Their mood which was previously depressed and full of despair, now becomes a bit better at the moment. It was true that they would definitely be defeated by the beasts if they attack now. But the result would be different if they joined after both of them were severely injured in combat.
“You’re right, Jiang Chen.We’re just getting too anxious. It’s not a suitable time to strike yet,” said She Zhen said in a low voice.
At the moment, the Earthly Fire Three-head Dragon was restricting himself. He was exceedingly confident and got into the fight with the Blazing Flame Heavenly Lizard once again. Their extraordinary strong bodies collided with a loud, terrible bang . Even Jiang Chen felt pity for the pain both of the giant monsters were suffering. They were just Heavenly God Realm’s experts, but they were even stronger than Half-step Divine Kings.
“Yes, most of us will be buried together if we joined in now. We better just wait a moment and see.”
“Such a great thought, but we don’t know if it would work.”
“Whether it would work or not, that is our last chance.”
When striving for survival, everyone’s potential was just endless and boundless.
“You’re just too brilliant and lovely.”
Yu Er’niang touched Jiang Chen’s shoulder softly and said with a smile.
“That is used to describe a girl. I would prefer you to call me powerful and formidable.”
Confronting the provocation of Yu Er’niang, Jiang Chen answered without turning a hair.
Of all the Early Heavenly Gods, Jiang Chen was the only calm and composed all along. Compared with others, he was just outstanding and none of them could parallel him in strength. Liu Xingjun was ashamed to raise his head. He was scared to die. So he just wished to leave this place alive and he would never be here again.
“Hahaha. How dare you blow your own horn here? You’re so annoying, yet desirable.”
Yu Er’niang giggled and looked at Jiang Chen with an ambiguous look.
“To live or to die is in my own hands.”
Jiang Chen held out his hand. His confidence and leisure made Yu Er’niang feel slightly startled. Even she could just kill him with a blow, but she had never expected that he could still look calm and composed. Newborn calves are not afraid of tigers. He was being overconfident even though they were in a crisis.
She was just trying to provoke him at first, but she eventually found him interesting. Compared with the coward Liu Xingjun, this man was definitely the best out of the world.
Every one of them chose to remain silent as the only thing they could do now was just wait. Nevertheless, they just had a slim chance of winning. Even if both of the beasts were seriously wounded, they were still the strongest experts of Heavenly God Realm. Who would have the last laugh, it was in the lap of the gods.
Jiang Chen realized everyone’s facial expressions were showing different levels of anxiousness and seriousness. This was a normal phenomenon in the struggle to survive. Even though Yu Er’niang, who used to greet everyone with a smile and calm all the time, was caught up in anxious thoughts.
Meanwhile, She Zhen was relatively composed and calm. He was experienced and pulled through countless crises. The coward Liu Xingjun could never take rank with him.
“Guys, don’t blame me if you really die here.”
She Zhen glanced at Jiang Chen and said with a low voice, and with a melancholic expression.
“Brother She, I think you worry too much.”
Jiang Chen shook his head.
“If possible, please do whatever you can to protect these kids. You’re different then them.” She Zhen said seriously.
Jiang Chen was silent for a moment. He realized that She Zhen got a kind of trust in him by valuing himself for doing this.
“This is their first time coming here, and this might be their last time as well. Time is long but life is short. Sometimes time just slips away in the blink of an eye. I will be grateful if god can give them another chance. My niece was the only child in She Lan Escort and her father had encountered danger in this Tian Qi Mountain Range, but I can’t do anything during that time.”
She Zhen took a deep breath. It seemed like he was tormented by guilt and remorse.
Jiang Chen could feel that he was struggling. She Zhen was filled with guilt and shame to his elder brother, and he did not wish his niece to follow in her father’s footsteps.
“Even though she is quite rude and willful, she is still a good girl. The reason she stepped on this land is just because she missed her father. She had been begging me for three years before I promised her to get back here.”
Jiang Chen could feel She Zhen’s pitiful and sorrowful experience. He was not a man of sentiment, but he was not able to remain unmoved by watching this.
“If I am not mistaken, the Twin Dragon Leopards has disappeared completely from the world.”
She Zhen said in a low voice and gave Jiang Chen a profound gaze.
“I will try my best.”
Jiang Chen nodded.
At the moment, the fight between Blazing Flame Heavenly Lizard and Earthly Fire Three-head Dragon was becoming extremely intense and none of them was willing to give up on competing for the prey. There was no one who could restrain Blazing Flame Heavenly Lizard which proved that they were absolutely parallel in strength.
The entire body of the Blazing Flame Heavenly Lizard was flaming scarlet red like lava. His body was tough and strong as iron and steel. He clutched the Earthly Fire Three-head Dragon’s tail tightly in his sharp claws and got entangled together. The Blazing Flame Heavenly Lizard’s deafening and ear-splitting roar rise to heaven. Both of them were struggling and exploding in anger. Even if they were extraordinarily strong, they were still defenceless to each other’s attack, bloodied and beaten. It made the audiences feel their blood boiling and passionate.
The Blazing Flame Heavenly Lizard roared and bit off the tail of the Earthly Fire Three-head Dragon fiercely. The green wild dragon’s body was swept through the sky, and rolled up in the air. An enormous punch hit the Blazing Flame Heavenly Lizard instantly. The  Lizard spurted out a mouthful of blood, its large eyes glowed a dazzlingly bright light.
“Damn old lizard, you jerk. That is my tail!”
The Earthly Fire Three-head Dragon was obviously blazed with anger as the Lizard bit off his tail which was a few meters.
“Your tail was tasteless. Hahaha.”
The Heavenly Lizard heavily smashed one of the Three-head Dragon’s heads with his huge claws. The three heads of the Dragon moved together, and snapped at the body of Blazing Flame Heavenly Lizard. The Lizard’s scales were shattered. The only defence in which the Heavenly Lizard felt proud of was torn off and split up. Both of them were well-matched in strength and the fight was getting intense and overwhelming.
“Old lizard, I will make you realize how silly you are to offend the people from Eight Lineages Silver River. Eight hundred Giant Pythons, show up!”
Following the howling of the Earthly Fire Three-head Dragon, eight hundred Earthly Fire Giant Pythons which were in the Early Heavenly God Realm swept across from all the directions. At the moment, the face of She Zhen and the others changed colour, their whole bodies trembling. By watching those terrible Earthly Fire Giant Pythons crossing over the jungle, their heart sank to the bottom. The Earthly Fire Three-head Dragon was truly terrifying.
Upon the signal, eight hundred giant pythons appeared all of a sudden. This kind of powerful lineup had made She Zhen and the others dumbfounded and stunned. Now they could understand why the people from Eight Lineages Silver River were overbearing. The Earthly Fire Three-head Dragon was incredibly terrifying even though it was just considered as the bottom ranked among the four great guardians in Eight Lineages Silver River. They could not imagine how terrifying and powerful the strength of Eight Lineages Silver River was.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2494 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2495


Chopping Off one of His Heads
“It seems like someone is watching me.”
Jiang Chen frowned and there was a shade of seriousness between his brows. This was the reason he chose to conceal his real strength. He was sure that someone with an unknown identity was hiding in the dark.
False friends are worse than bitter enemies. It was not hard for him to leave here. Although it would be challenging for him to defeat the Earthly Fire Three-headed Dragon, it was not impossible. However, he was worried about the people hiding in the dark and wondered what the person had up his sleeve.
At this moment, a long, cold and gloomy shadow stood up at the peak. The person was observing all of these silently and there was a trace of a gentle smile coming from his mouth.
Jiang Chen could definitely recognize this person if he saw him.
“Eight hundred giant pythons. Haha. Please stop dreaming. What can these guys do to me?”
The Blazing Flame Heavenly Lizard said with a sneer. He was looking at the eight hundred giant pythons who spearheaded the battle in disdain, and his face grew bitterly scornful.
“Okay. Just show me what you’ve got now.”
The Earthly Fire Three-headed Dragon snorted coldly. The giant pythons rushed toward the Blazing Flame Heavenly Lizard at lightning speed. Every step of the Blazing Flame Heavenly Lizard was astonishing. He had the whole world at his feet, and could frighten the universe with his formidably terrifying power. He knocked down several Earthly Fire Giant Pythons in a blink of an eye.
However, these pythons were all Heavenly Gods after all so their strength could not be underestimated. Confronting such a large number of Earthly Fire Giant Pythons as an opponent, even the Blazing Flame Heavenly Lizard had no choice but to retreat. The Earthly Fire Three-headed Dragon’s strike was effective and successful.
Each python was breathing Deathfire and they were extremely ferocious. The Earthly Fire Giant Python was one of the disciples of the Earthly Fire Three-headed Dragon, so its loyalty to the Three-headed Dragon was unquestionable. They kept rushing forward without any fear of death, making the Blazing Flame Heavenly Lizard feel the oppression. The Earthly Fire Three-headed Dragon was looking for the perfect opportunity. Once he noticed anything wrong, he would run forward and give the Lizard a death-blow without the slightest hesitation.
The Blazing Flame Heavenly Lizard was a fire-based monster. However, it still treated those pythons with great respect. The Heavenly Lizard roared as loud as the thunder, the flames then were lept up, covering his whole body with dark flames which was strangely terrifying. The Lizard was like rising from the ashes which swept over the pythons and defeated more than ten of them. This kind of overbearing power could not be underestimated as well.
The Earthly Fire Three-headed Dragon who was watching the battle beside them could hardly stand it anymore. Fortunately, he had found a great chance of fighting back by using his Fusion of Earthly Fire, making the Blazing Flame Heavenly Lizard completely retreat, even though the Earthly Fire Giant Pythons could not be compared to the black flames of the Blazing Flame Heavenly Lizard and they would certainly not bring serious harm to the Lizard.
The Earthly Fire Three-headed Dragon had tried every trick in the book and had exhausted his power at this moment. The Blazing Flame Heavenly Lizard couldn’t help but resist the attacks with all his might, however, he still suffered severe oppression caused by those Earthly Fire Giant Pythons. Therefore, the Blazing Flame Heavenly Lizard was repulsed under the strong blow by the Earthly Fire Three-headed Dragon. The Earthly Deathfire had transformed into a ball of light and broke through the sky.
The blue-purplish flames exploded thoroughly at this moment. The Earthly Fire Three-headed Dragon sneered, his three heads displaying his overbearing prestige.
His almost one thousand one hundred feet high body (333m) then entangled together with the Blazing Flame Heavenly Lizard, all the while another hundreds of Earthly Fire Giant Pythons followed up the attack to not give the Lizard any breathing space.
The Heavenly Lizard kept on going but he eventually became exhausted, leaving him no choice but to retreat.
It seemed like the Earthly Fire Three-headed Dragon had realized that he should have suppressed this Blazing Flame Heavenly Lizard quickly. Or else, the Lizard would try to make a turnaround. However, he wouldn’t give the Lizard such a chance as he could drive him back with his own strength. Together with the eight hundred Giant Pythons, it would be impossible for them to lose. He should not deserve the name as one of the four greatest guardians of Eight Lineages Silver River if that happened.
“Go to hell, Blazing Flame Heavenly Lizard! I’ll show you my Earthly Fire Antenna!”
The Three-headed Dragon roared in anger. Six beams of blue light suddenly broke through the sky, which made the Blazing Flame Heavenly Lizard retreat. The six rays of light penetrated through the Heavenly Lizard’s body, and adding the onslaught of the Giant Pythons, he suffered severe injuries.
However, the Blazing Flame Heavenly Lizard could not be treated lightly. At the most critical moment, he unleashed his whole bag of tricks and went for the Earthly Fire Three-headed Dragon. The Heavenly Lizard spewed out fire towards one of the heads of the Three-headed Dragon. The Blazing Flame Heavenly Lizard’s flame blazed high and spread wildly. It made the Earthly Fire Three-headed Dragon suffer from great pain, making him roared continuously. The Three-headed Dragon was filled with anger at this moment. However, fear and panic could be seen in his eyes as the flames on his body kept burning. One of his heads was nearly burnt down by the Blazing Flame Heavenly Lizard.
“Old lizard, I will fight you to the death!”
The Earthly Fire Three-headed Dragon was helpless, and spluttering in rage. He went wild and fought the Blazing Flame Heavenly Lizard fiercely through sending out continuous attacks. The Blazing Flame Heavenly Lizard was seriously wounded under the barrage of attacks, while the Earthly Fire Three-headed Dragon was suffering as well.
“Haha. Are you suffering? That is my Fire of Heart and it will be your fate to die now.”
The Blazing Flame Heavenly Lizard burst out laughing despite his severe wounds.
Although the Three-headed Dragon was filled with anger, he had no choice but to agree with what the Heavenly Lizard had said. If one of his heads was separated, the heart fire would definitely run rampant and burn down the other two heads. It would cause greater harm to him if that really happened.
“I’ll never let you off.”
The Earthly Fire Three-headed Dragon howled in pain and chopped off one of his heads. Everyone was startled and trembled in fear. Both the Earthly Fire Three-headed Dragon and the Blazing Flame Heavenly Lizard were extremely terrifying, especially the Earthly Fire Three-head Dragon.
The moment he chopped off one of his heads, everyone held their breath. At that moment, the Blazing Flame Heavenly Lizard seized the chance to escape. No one could chase him except for the Earthly Fire Three-headed Dragon. However, the Three-headed Dragon was also in trouble at this moment.
“I will never let you go even if I have to search the entire Tian Qi Mountain Range. Blazing Flame Heavenly Lizard, I swear to remove your tendon, peel off your skin and drink your blood!”
The Earthly Fire Three-headed Dragon roared as a throb of pain shot through his body, making him tremble. After cutting off one of his heads, his strength was completely restrained.
“These guys should not be treated lightly.”
Jiang Chen had never expected that the strength of a Heavenly God Realm beast could be comparable to that of a Half-step Divine King Realm expert. This explained why these guys could lord over this place. A beast with such incredible power was comparable to a human even if he/she is a genuis.
“What are you waiting for? This is our last chance.”
The swordsman with short hair said with a cold and gloomy face. The white scarf in his sleeves was untidy and loose, which made him look shabby. At this moment, he took the lead with the longsword in his hands. If they did not deal with the Earthly Fire Three-headed Dragon, they would definitely end up becoming a slave.
Everyone was aroused by his words. Despite the Earthly Fire Three-headed Dragon being seriously injured, the power of those eight hundred Earthly Fire Giant Pythons was still exceedingly terrifying. Even if each of them were strong enough to fight ten of them, they were still outnumbered. It would be nearly impossible for their group to resist all of them as they would be completely defeated by those Earthly Fire Giant Pythons that were going berserk.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2495 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2496


Chapter 2496
I also do not like you!
6th of the week!
Do support us in Patreon if you are able to, so that we can continue translating the novel for you! 🙂
They were already surrounded by hundreds of Earthly Fire Giant Pythons before they could reach the Earthly Fire Three-headed Dragon. Liu Xingjun and She Xinying barely managed to withstand the attack of a single python, it was truly pitiful. They obviously lacked experience, especially in this kind of battle where one’s life is on the line. They were newbies without any ability to defend their lives.
The strongest people here were none other than the short-haired swordsman, Yu Erniang, and the white-haired old man, the three of them were Late Heavenly Gods. The other Late Heavenly Gods also rushed towards the Earthly Fire Three-headed Dragon with other five experts in tow. Jiang Chen squinted his eyes, those fellas are looking to die. Even though the Earthly Fire Three-headed Dragon is injured, it was still a ferocious beast, do they really think that they could defeat it?
“Truly foolish,” the Earthly Fire Three-headed Dragon harrumphed.
It then raised its head and slammed on its enemies, one Late Heavenly God was instantly swept across the field. Those fellas were pretentious, thinking they could ambush the beast.
“No…!”
That Late Heavenly God was in utter shock. He was instantly crushed by the Earthly Fire Three-headed Dragon and the other five experts were then devoured.
The Three-headed Dragon did not look very terrifying in its fight against the Blazing Flame Heavenly Lizard. They couldn’t gauge the beast’s strength earlier, but now they finally knew how powerful it was. A Late Heavenly God Realm could not be compared against it.
“Isn’t this Earthly Fire Three-headed Dragon too terrifying?”
“Sh*t! Are we going to die here? ”
“It’s only an injured Earthly Fire Three-headed Dragon and several hundreds Earthly Fire Giant Pythons, yet it’s enough to kill us all.”
They were extremely bitter, as they were pressured by the horde of giant Pythons, hundreds of Earthly Fire Giant Pythons. They only had around thirty of them, each and every one of them had already used whatever they had to protect themselves from the pythons, even the swordsman and Yu Erniang who were the strongest amongst them all could only take on a dozen of them.
She Zhen was fearless too as he withstood the attacks of a dozen of Earthly Fire Giant Pythons. But it felt endless as the horde of pythons kept coming towards them, applying immense pressure upon them. They were in despair, if this continued on, none of them could survive this battle.
Jiang Chen fought ten alone, obviously making him stand out, as he was only an Early Heavenly God.
Jiang Chen was paying close attention to She Xinying since She Zhen had asked him to do so, to protect this naive little girl. Not everybody had the courage to pursue this place, as the Tianqi Mountain Range was an unforgiving place. One had to expect one’s life to be forfeited after entering the place. Liu Xingjun who was continuously being injured was the best example of it.
Yu Erniang and the swordsman became extremely ferocious in the face of the incoming horde of pythons, but not even they could take on all of these Earthly Fire Giant Pythons.
“We’re going to die here if this continues.” Yu Erniang sneered as a fragrant sweat dripped down from her charming face.
“Do you have a better idea?” The swordsman said.
However, they all knew that the Earthly Fire Three-headed Dragon could easily run over them… how could they not know? Especially Yu Erniang…
Yu Erniang suddenly glanced at Jiang Chen, not knowing why. Jiang Chen’s strength was pretty shocking. An Early Heavenly God capable of facing ten beasts alone. Totally unlike those prodigies who were brought up within a safe environment who only have their cultivation but nothing to back upon. To be this calm while facing a horde of enemies, Jiang Chen really looked like a veteran.
“Such an interesting fella.” Yu Erniang murmured.
“Hahaha, Erniang, it’s so lively over here, how could I be left out? To think you would leave me behind just to look for the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart, that’s not good…”
A strong laugh could be heard across the sky, and a blue-robed youngster arrived at the scene with a blade below his feet, emitting a sharp qi. He was obviously at the Peak Heavenly God Realm. A formidable character.
Jiang Chen’s pupil contracted and his expression slightly changed. The Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart, isn’t that the ingredient he’s been looking for? It’s the main ingredient for the Heaven Seizing Fortune Pill. Jiang Chen’s heart was filled with shock, never in his wildest imagination that he could obtain information about the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart here. Moreover, this Yu Erniang even knew about it.
“Enough chatter, Lan Xiaosheng, scram if you’re not planning to help.” Yu Erniang said coldly.
She wasn’t taking any of this even though her situation wasn’t pretty as she could not put herself to bow down towards the blue-robed youth.
“Don’t get angry, Erniang, aren’t I here to save you? Let me see who dares to touch you. Not even the four great protectors of the Eight Lineages Silver River can.”
Lan Xiaosheng smiled towards Yu Erniang, looking extremely servile towards her.
However, Lan Xiaosheng’s eyes became cold as ice as he looked across the field, the blade beneath his feet was emitting a dominating qi. Jiang Chen could feel that this fella was not an easy foe. He could possibly go toe-to-toe against the Earthly Fire Three-headed Dragon.
“Lan Xiaosheng, to think it’s him, looks like we’re saved.”
“Rumours has it that Lan Xiaosheng is terrifyingly strong, and he’s in love with Yu Erniang. However, the latter chose to not accept him no matter what. Looks like the rumours are true.”
“Lan Xiaosheng versus the Earthly Fire Three-headed Dragon. It’s going to be quite a show. The heavens have not forsaken us. Haha.”
Sparks of hope lit up amongst the men. She Zhen also felt slightly shocked, he knew that Lan Xiaosheng was here for Yu Erniang, and that Lan Xiaosheng was also one of the leading figures in the Tianqi Mountain who had fallen for her, never once giving up after a hundred years.
“Black Crag Stronghold’s Lan Xiaosheng? Are you planning to interfere?” The Earthly Fire Three-head Dragon squinted its eyes and looked at Lan Xiaosheng.
This one’s not scary but his brother that was backing him was extremely terrifying.
“Do you think I will look aside when my woman is getting harmed?” Lan Xiaosheng said.
“I am not your woman.” Yu Erniang said coldly.
“That day will come. Hehe.” Lan Xiaosheng smiled and turned towards the Earthly Fire Three-headed Dragon with a cold expression
“You’re already dead if it wasn’t for the Black Crag Stronghold, Lan Xiaosheng.” The Earthly Fire Three-head Dragon said.
“Oh really? Let’s see what you can do against me.”
Jiang Chen smiled. This fella is pretty arrogant, like me, but one needs to have the strength to back it up. If this Lan Xiaosheng looks down on his enemy, then he’ll lose against the Earthly Fire Three-headed Dragon, even if it’s injured.
“Boy, the way you’re smiling, I don’t like it.” Lan Xiaosheng looked at Jiang Chen and said coldly.
“I also do not like you.” Jiang Chen shrugged with a smile.
Jiang Chen and Lan Xiaosheng gazed at each other. A standoff between an Early Heavenly God and Peak Heavenly God. Jiang Chen was unfazed despite the difference in cultivation.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2496 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2497


Chapter 2497
Such an insensitive boy!
7th of the week!
Do support us in Patreon if you are able to, so that we can continue translating the novel for you! 🙂
Lan Xiaosheng stared at Jiang Chen coldly. Jiang Chen’s not backing down and looked straight at Lan Xiaosheng’s eyes, emitting intense killing intent.
“I don’t mind killing this obnoxious lad before that.”
Lan Xiaosheng changed his servile attitude towards Yu Erniang into a cold and icy one, like a cold blade piercing straight towards Jiang Chen’s heart.
“Stop trying to cause trouble, he’s far weaker than you. Are you really going to stoop so low? Lan Xiaosheng, don’t forget that you’re the castellan of the Black Crag Stronghold.” Yu Erniang harrumphed.
Her words of protection for Jiang Chen pierced Lan Xiaosheng’s ears. He then looked at Jiang Chen with a much thicker murderous intent, never once did Yu Erniang protect somebody and such a weak person to boot. Lan Xiaosheng’s anger was burning passionately as Jiang Chen had become a target of his hatred.
Lan Xiaosheng pursued Yu Erniang for a hundred years. The latter had never once shown any feelings towards him, such perseverance was admirable. Plus, he never allowed her to get close to any men, if there was… he would kill them.
Jiang Chen’s gaze also turned extremely cold. Lan Xiaosheng was already arrogant, now that Yu Erniang was protecting him, Lan Xiaosheng now saw him as a rival in love.
“A fool, a muscle brained fool.” Jiang Chen sneered.
“Boy, do you think I won’t dare to kill you?”
Lan Xiaosheng took a step and immediately appeared in front of Jiang Chen like a cold blade yet Yu Erniang stood in front of Jiang Chen and said coldly:
“You dare? I won’t let you go if you dare.”
At this moment, Lan Xiaosheng suppressed his anger, but Jiang Chen knew that he had entered this person’s kill-list. Murderous intent was lurking in his cold eyes.
“Hah, commendable, to hide behind a woman.” Lan Xiaosheng said cynically
Jiang Chen was completely unfazed. He would’ve disgraced himself if he were to act against such a foe. He would once again become a public enemy if he really did so. For such a person to be this mad for just a single woman, one could see how self-centered the person was, and Yu Erniang wasn’t even interested in him.
“Lan Xiaosheng, you’re truly shameless. Haha, to think this is the girl who’s caught your heart for a hundred years. I’ve seen it all now, but what if I caught your girl? Hehehe, what will you do?” the Earthly Fire Three-headed Dragon said.
It then changed into a middle-aged man who had long white hair, possessing a fiery brow, wearing a green battle armour that covered his whole body, he was emitting a dominating qi with his giant figure. Even if he was injured by the Blazing Flame Heavenly Lizard earlier, his aura hasn’t weakened, possessing more than enough strength to face Lan Xiaosheng.
As one of the four great protectors of the Eight Lineages Silver River, he’s truly a formidable foe to be reckoned with. Although the Black Crag Stronghold was also famous in the Tianqi Mountain Range, it couldn’t be measured up against the standards of the Earthly Fire Three-headed Dragon.
“Earthly Fire Three-headed Dragon, looks like you’re trying to die.”
Lan Xiaosheng was greatly angered. The Earthly Fire Three-headed Dragon had said something that shouldn’t be said. This fella dared to joke about the woman he loved? Lan Xiaosheng couldn’t stand it.
“You wanna fight me? Not even your Big Brother has the ability to stand against me.” The Earthly Fire Three-headed Dragon put his arm forward and a snake-shaped blade appeared in his palm, the tip of the sword was extremely sharp as it struck towards Lan Xiaosheng.
“This fella is mad, ignore him.” Yu Erniang looked at Jiang Chen and said.
“Really? He wouldn’t be like that if you didn’t use me as a shield.” Jiang Chen said with a smile.
“I would have used the others if I can. Just that… I wonder if this little brother is someone who’s truly worthy or just someone who only has good looks. Hehehe.” Yu Erniang smiled graciously, a smile that could be deemed to be a wonder of the world.
“Watch your six, he’s gone. Nobody will become the charming prince that’ll protect you.”
Jiang Chen punched and decimated an Earthly Fire Giant Python with a lingering flame on his fist. Yu Erniang was slightly shocked as Jiang Chen did not get hurt from that flame. This fella is much stronger than your average Heavenly God expert. Probably on the level of those Mid Heavenly God experts, however he’s still weak when compared against the standards of the Tianqi Mountain.
“Don’t I have you?” Yu Erniang’s eyes widened as she lightly bit her lips, she then proceeded to roll her eyes.
“I do not have the strength to protect you. Hahaha.”
Jiang Chen took ten steps forward with vigour and pushed back all the Earthly Fire Giant Pythons surrounding them.
“Such an insensitive boy!” Yu Erniang lightly laughed as she took on 20+ Earthly Fire Giant Pythons carefully.
800 Earthly Fire Giant Pythons surrounded Yu Erniang and Jiang Chen at this moment. This time, those Earthly Fire Giant Pythons came rushing towards them like a waterfall. Only Lan Xiaosheng who was on the scene could possibly withstand the instantaneous explosive force of those 800 beasts.
Not even Yu Erniang, the old man nor the swordsman could take it anymore as injuries kept on piling on their body. Plus, the numbers on their side were dwindling, She Zhen fought tirelessly as he took on the mission of protecting the rookies like She Xinying and Liu Xingjun. But no matter how experienced he was, he couldn’t take on that many Earthly Fire Giant Pythons alone.
She Zhen and the swordsman got injured. Yu Erniang was slightly better off but was also pushed to the corner. Only 15 of them were left from the original 30 men. Those 800 beasts were too much to handle, even though they were easier to deal with compared to the Earthly Fire Three-headed Dragon, but they were all more than enough to deal with their group.
At this moment, Lan Xiaosheng became extremely fierce as he was able to take the initiative. He managed to push the Earthly Fire Three-headed Dragon back but was unable to deal an effective blow as the Earthly Fire Three-headed Dragon was stronger in terms of cultivation. Although injured, he managed to stay on top of Lan Xiaosheng.
Lan Xiaosheng’s blade was fierce but there wasn’t enough power behind those strikes. Whereas the snake-blade of the Earthly Fire Three-headed Dragon was like a terrifying silver snake, vicious and precise. Lan Xiaosheng had to be wary against his strikes. However, he couldn’t completely evade the Earthly Fire Three-headed Dragon’s strikes as several stab wounds appeared on his body.
Even though Lan Xiaosheng managed to stand his ground amidst the clashing of swords, Yu Erniang and the others were pushed to a corner.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2497 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2498


Chapter 2498
Fending off the enemies
Jiang Chen shook his head. Looks like he really had to act. She Zhen and the others were on the verge of dying. Especially She Zhen after taking several blows for She Xinying and Liu Xingjun’s stead. Although it wasn’t lethal, it was too much for him to bear. His footwork and technique became dulled from the injuries and he couldn’t even take on the attacks of a Earthly Fire Giant Python properly.
Yu Erniang’s technique and footwork were nimble but her robe got burned from the chaos as their situation got worsened by the second.
Jiang Chen’s eyes became cold as he threw out a series of mighty, lethal punches. Each of his punches landed on the Earthly Fire Three-headed Dragon, creating holes on the beasts’ bodies.
Jiang Chen was like a killing machine, every step he took equates to the fall of another Earthly Fire Giant Python. He became ruthless unlike the calm demeanour that he had exhibited earlier. At this moment, everyone was shocked, no one expected that Jiang Chen could be this powerful. Mighty shocks were created after every blow of his landed on those beasts. Afterimages of his could be seen appearing around the battlefield, 80 pythons were instantly killed in a flash. The lifeless bodies of those beasts fell one after another.
“Strong! To think this fella has been hiding his true strength.”
“Yeah. To think that Early Heavenly God fella is stronger than all of us combined.”
“One shouldn’t judge a book by its cover. Looks like we’re saved now. That lad’s speed, technique and power is at its peak. I think only Lan Xiaosheng is his match amongst us all.”
“A young hero indeed.”
Every single one of them was excited and extremely happy. Jiang Chen pushed forward and over 300 Earthly Fire Giant Pythons were killed, almost a half of those beasts lay silently; lifeless upon this forest, it was truly a sight to behold.
Liu Xingjun, She Xinying and the others silently watched Jiang Chen. Liu Xingjun’s face became red as he remembered what he said and did, he was filled with a mix of complicated feelings…
She Xinying watched Jiang Chen with eyes of worship. He was like an angel that has descended upon her heart, a protector who protects her from all harm, cutting down Earthly Fire Giant Pythons one after another. Such terrifying attacks, it was unbelievable, is this the battle strength of an Early Heavenly God? Unbelievable!
She Zhen silently watched. He had already guessed but chose not to believe it, but now that Jiang Chen had shown his abilities, he finally understood how low-key this person was. During the time when Jiang Chen did not answer him whether the Twin Dragon Leopards were alive or not, whether it was he who killed them. Looks like She Zhen’s guess needs not any proof nor answer anymore…
From the beginning, he saw that Jiang Chen was capable and chose to invite him into the team because of that but he didn’t expect him to save all of them.
“Little Brother, you’re getting cuter and much more mysterious by the second.” Yu Erniang smiled, with a hint of shock within her eyes.
Jiang Chen’s cultivation realm and battle strength do not match. Not even she could exhibit such power. Jiang Chen was like a sharp knife cutting across those Earthly Fire Giant Pythons like they were butter. It was like a single-sided massacre, like a wolf that has jumped into a herd of sheep.
Jiang Chen killed half of those Earthly Fire Giant Pythons, surprising everyone. On the other side, Lan Xiaosheng and the Earthly Fire Three-headed Dragon noticed what was happening. Lan Xiaosheng was also surprised, albeit slightly because he too could easily kill those Earthly Fire Giant Pythons with no effort.
But the Earthly Fire Three-headed Dragon wasn’t feeling the same, Jiang Chen killed more than half of his offspring and the numbers were rising. If this continues, all of his offspring may get killed and that would be a major loss.
Lan Xiaosheng had his hands tied and he couldn’t get away. Although he was on the losing side, he managed to cause quite some trouble for the Three-headed Dragon. Now that there’s a powerful one amongst the group, who had interrupted the plans of the Earthly Fire Three-headed Dragon, nothing could be gained anymore if this continues any longer.
The Three-headed Dragon’s eyes were filled with Jiang Chen alone. Jiang Chen was like an executioner, each of his punches was lethal, killing one after another with his punches alone. Those punches felt like they were hitting his body as his offspring fell one after another and he couldn’t do anything to stop it. He will lose much more if this battle continued on.
Lan Xiaosheng sneered:
“Why? It’s a great taboo to be rash, are you planning to surrender now?” Lan Xiaosheng mocked.
The Earthly Fire Three-headed Dragon was further angered by it.
“You’re weaker than me, do you think you can defeat me if it wasn’t for that bastard, puny human.” The Earthly Fire Three-headed Dragon gritted his teeth and said.
He then launched a sword strike. Snake-figured swords covered the sky as it burst towards Lan Xiaosheng, the latter then retreated in distraught, managing to defend against this strike.
Lan Xiaosheng looked at Jiang Chen. This fella has become the focus of everyone. Yeah… if it weren’t for him, everyone would be dead when the Earthly Fire Three-headed Dragon has my hands tied. Now that more than half of his pythons are injured or killed, he’s lost the confidence to continue this anymore.
“So what? Hahaha. Let’s see whether you’re able to hold it in.” Lan Xiaosheng said disdainfully.
“Bastard! Lan Xiaosheng, Black Crag Stronghold, I’ll remember this. I will surely dye the Black Crag Stronghold red in blood when I’m back. Those who go against the Eight Lineages Silver River, I vow to kill them all.” The Earthly Fire Three-headed Dragon was anxious.
If the Three-headed Dragon continued to be stubborn, then all the 800 pythons will all be dead. For the sake of the future, he was forced to retreat, otherwise, the casualties and damage would be too much.
“Hmph, to think the four great protectors of the Eight Lineages Silver River is this weak, I’ve truly seen it all. Hahaha.” Lan Xiaosheng said while laughing profusely.
The Earthly Fire Three-headed Dragon harrumphed as he led the Earthly Fire Giant Pythons and left the place. He didn’t expect this result but ‘While there’s life there’s hope’.
“I’ll remember you, kid.”
The Earthly Fire Three-headed Dragon stared at Jiang Chen fiercely as he turned back unwillingly, leading the remaining Earthly Fire Giant Pythons away. At this moment, the forest became quiet, eerily quiet.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2498 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2499


Who’s the hero
“Much appreciated, little brother. We may have died here if it weren’t for you.”
“Yeah, many thanks. We can never thank you enough.”
“Young hero. You’re definitely one of the bravest and mightiest youth I’ve ever seen. Hahaha.”
“You’re right. A young and promising lad. Even though you’re only in the Early Heavenly God Realm, your combat strength is much more terrifying than ours. A true peerless monster. ”
The short-haired swordsman and the others praised Jiang Chen without hesitation. As he was able to single-handedly face the horde and saved all them from Death’s embrace. Jiang Chen became the hero for these people.
Jiang Chen watched those Earthly Fire Giant Pythons run away in distraught, not pursuing any further. It would be best to get out of this place as soon as possible without attracting more troubles. Otherwise, it would be bad if the other party came back stronger and harsher. Although he did not know what power the Eight Lineages Silver River possessed, since so many people feared the Eight Lineages Silver River, it would be unwise to blow it all up.
Yu Erniang looked at Jiang Chen, liking him even more because the combat strength that Jiang Chen displayed allowed him to be respected by the others.
“Hero? Haha, if it wasn’t for me holding the Earthly Fire Three-headed Dragon back, all of you would’ve died and there won’t be anyone for him to save the day. Haha, this is a joke.” Lan Xiaosheng’s sneer caused the others to gasp.
He was right, but those words were exceptionally sharp to their ears, it was filled with hostility.
Jiang Chen was unfazed by Lan Xiaosheng’s words. Without a doubt, the latter was the major contributor to this battle. Jiang Chen didn’t even bother to debate with the fella. Plus, he didn’t really value those praises at all, otherwise, he would have acted from the beginning.
“Hear, hear. Brother Lan is righteous. We would’ve been dead if it wasn’t for him. Haha Brother Lan is the true hero. How can we not be grateful? ”
“You’re right, Brother Lan, we are proud of you.”
Lan Xiaosheng harrumphed on those praises. These fellas…
“Are you alright? Erniang.” Lan Xiaosheng only cared about Yu Erniang.
“This little lady thanks the lord’s concern, I am fine.” Yu Erniang said indifferently, giving off a distant vibe.
“Erniang , why do you always treat me this coldly. Tell me, is it because of that bastard?” Lan Xiaosheng looked at Jiang Chen with a cold stare, totally being hostile.
Even though Jiang Chen saved those men, it meant nothing for Lan Xiaosheng.
“I treat everyone the same. It doesn’t concert anybody.” Yu Erniang said.
“I refuse to believe. I’ll kill him now and see what you’re going to do about it.” Lan Xiaosheng laughed coldly as he walked towards Jiang Chen.
“It is all thanks to you, Little Brother. I cannot express my gratitude in a better way. I, She Zhen, had finally witnessed a true expert, one that doesn’t flaunt to the public. I cannot even compare against you. Hehe.” She Zhen shook his head and chuckled.
“Bah… Big Brother She, you’re over exaggerating. We could’ve all died if I continued to hide my strength.” Jiang Chen said.
“Otherwise we would’ve been killed by the Earthly Fire Three-headed Dragon without your help. Although Xiaosheng was the one blocking it, we would eventually be killed by the horde. Hence, you’re the greatest contributor in this battle.” She Zhen said.
Yes, the guy stopped the Earthly Fire Three-headed Dragon but without Jiang Chen, they would all be dead too. Lan Xiaosheng has his fair share of contribution but Jiang Chen was the major player, anyone could see that.
Jiang Chen smiled without saying a word.
“Thanks.” She Xinying said quietly, and in a slightly shy tone.
Jiang Chen has become a peerless hero in her heart.
Liu Xingjun and the others could only smile awkwardly. In the face of absolute strength, fools would only get hit by the cold and harsh reality. Now, Liu Xingjun knew how to behave.
“Little bastard, I’ll kill you. Let’s see what you’re going to do about that!”
Lan Xiaosheng was filled with domineering murderous intent as he stood in front of Jiang Chen. None of them expected Xiaosheng to be this unruly, they were comrades in arms earlier, but now they’re like enemies.
“Lan Xiaosheng, do not overstep your bounds. You’re not making any sense. Who is he and what relationship he has with me has nothing to do with you, why does it even concern you? Do you want me to evade you forever?” Yu Erniang shouted.
Lan Xiaosheng’s lips slightly vibrated as he stood there, completely stunned.
“Is it because of that boy? What does he have that I don’t? I am the third leader of the Tianqi Mountain Range’s Black Crag Stronghold. I cannot accept this! To lose against an Early Heavenly God boy!” Lan Xiaosheng’s anger was burning fiercely.
“You’re truly crazy, mad. Unreasonable.” Yu Erniang’s eyes were filled with disappointment.
“Do you still consider yourself a man? Come out if you are, do you think you can hide behind a woman forever? Coward. ” Lan Xiaosheng
“You’re strong, so be it, but why does it have to concern me? Go pursue your woman, why does it concern me? Do the ones weaker than you have to all die? Does it mean that you need to die in the face of someone stronger than you? Pursue her if you really liked her, do you think a man would respect you when you can’t even gain love from a woman? I do not wish to be bitten by a dog and then bite him back. I fear that I would degrade myself if I do so.” Jiang Chen said calmly.
This guy would’ve died if Jiang Chen was his old self. However, he knew how to look at the bigger picture now, he became mature, it’s easy to kill this guy but the problems that may arise in this Tianqi Mountain Range would be endless. Plus, he did not want to expose his true strength.
Nevertheless, Lan Xiaosheng had considered him as an rival since the very beginning.
Jiang Chen’s eyes were calm, only disdain and scorn could be seen in his eyes.
“You dare lecture me?” Lan Xiaosheng became chillier by the second as he stared at Jiang Chen.
He never expected that he would be provoked by an Early Heavenly God one day. His blade was already in his hands yet Yu Erniang chose to stand beside Jiang Chen.
Jiang Chen sighed within his heart. Woman, such a troublesome being, looks like I shouldn’t step on their wrong side, especially beautiful women.
“So what? Lan Xiaosheng, consider us strangers if you dare take another step forward.” Yu Erniang said coldly in utter clearness.
Lan Xiaosheng became silent, his lips curved into a smile of sarcasm.
“I, Lan Xiaosheng, shall take this loss today. Boy, our debt is not cleared.”
Lan Xiaosheng took a step forward and suddenly looked back, staring at Jiang Chen:
“Alright, alright, but I have to remind you that it’s for your best interest to stay away from her. Otherwise, you’ll die a horrible death.”
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2499 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2500


Chapter 2500
Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart
Lan Xiaosheng left. But his words reverberated in Jiang Chen’s ears. He didn’t want to cause trouble yet others would come seeking trouble, instead. This Lan Xiaosheng was one of them.
“Brother, you better watch your back in the future, especially when you’re passing by the Black Crag Stronghold. Lan Xiaosheng is the third leader of the Black Crag Stronghold, and he holds great authority, he’s pretty famous around the Tianqi Mountain Range. ”
“Yeah, nobody dares to offend him. Even the Earthly Fire Three-headed Dragon did not go all-out against Lan Xiaosheng. This is a proof of his abilities and the power he wields. Plus, his brother is said to be a single step away from reaching the Divine King realm.”
“Lan Xiaosheng is not your average foe. We would’ve died here if it weren’t for Yu Erniang. He wouldn’t even blink even if we were to die here.”
Everyone was advising Jiang Chen to be careful. To avoid Lan Xiaosheng.
Jiang Chen smiled and shook his head. That fella… is not your average ‘good guy’. He only acted so because of Yu Erniang and… I’ve definitely gotten on that devil’s bad side.
Jiang Chen obviously won their favour, but due to the arrogant and cocky Lan Xiaosheng, they advised Jiang Chen to stay away, not daring to go near him. People like Lan Xiaosheng and them were of different worlds.
“Oh right, Big Sis Yu, are you looking for the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart?” Jiang Chen looked at Yu Erniang and asked.
Yu Erniang looked at Jiang Chen, feeling slightly startled. She knew that Lan Xiaosheng accidentally blurted it out but not many people knew about the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart, a treasure like that would even cause Divine Kings to move.
“You know about the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart?”
“Heard it from here and there… ” Jiang Chen said.
Yu Erniang was extremely smart, how could she not notice it? Jiang Chen was obviously interested in the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart, otherwise, he wouldn’t have voluntarily asked her.
“You wish to obtain the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart?” Yu Erniang asked.
“I’ll let fate decide. I’ll obviously get it if I have the chance. Such a treasure… could only be obtained by those who are destined and favoured by fate. Hehe.”
“The Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart, the greatest treasure of the Tianqi Mountain Range only appears once every 10,000 years. A treasure with mystical healing effect, one that is sought after by many.”
Yu Erniang murmured. She’s obviously interested in the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart too.
Jiang Chen slightly nodded, he didn’t expect Yu Erniang to know so much about the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart. Plus, the said treasure only appears every 10,000 years, to think it would appear in the Tianqi Mountain Range, it’s truly godsend.
“Follow me if you want to obtain it. Whether you can get it or not, it’ll all depend on your luck.” Yu Erniang looked at Jiang Chen, her lips curved into a teasing smile, her charming eyes let out tantalizing hormones, extremely seductive.
“Why do I feel that you’re trying to pull me into a trap… ” Jiang Chen looked at Yu Erniang.
This woman is scary, especially that charming eyes of hers, one that could seduce others to do her bidding. He would’ve fallen under her skirt if his heart wasn’t pure. However, Yu Erniang had no ill intent towards him, otherwise, she wouldn’t have protected him from Lan Xiaosheng.
“I would naturally be happy to have a great assistant. Plus, you’re the only one who knows what you really are.” Yu Erniang chuckled charmingly, causing the men to stare at her. She was a natural-born honeytrap.
“Looks like Lan Xiaosheng is stronger than me.” Jiang Chen said indifferently.
“I don’t like him.”
“Doesn’t that mean that I have received the favour of Big Sis Yu?” Jiang Chen smiled.
“Honey-tongued little brother. I thought you’re an insensitive man but to think you have such a sly tongue. Haih, looks like all the men under the heavens are the same.” Yu Erniang rolled her eyes like a resentful widow.
“You’re the one who said it, you don’t like his narrow-mindedness, fussy man. Unlike me, a low-key, luxurious, and tolerant man.” Jiang Chen said in a serious tone.
Jiang Chen made Yu Erniang laugh continuously, the happiness in her eyes was one that she had not shown before.
On the other side, She Xinying was extremely angry as she harrumphed, seeing Jiang Chen and Yu Erniang chatting happily over there. She was extremely unhappy.
“Why? Are you jealous?”
She Zhen looked at his niece, his lips curved into a slight smile. His minor action had saved all of them, Jiang Chen was a true example of there’s always someone stronger than you. A tiny Early Heavenly God who had managed to save all of them.
“Me? Jealous? Hehe, stop joking around. Uncle, do you think I’ll get jealous of someone that’s unrelated to me? Why would I get jealous? He’s already been seduced by that fox, look at him, smiling so happily, who am I to compare?” She Xinying said.
She Zhen already knew the answer, and smiled without prodding any further.
“Little Brother, should we continue our journey?” She Zhen asked Jiang Chen.
Jiang Chen looked at She Zhen and said:
“I’m sorry, Big Brother She, I’d like to follow Yu Erniang and leave. I’m terribly sorry.”
She Zhen was slightly stunned. Although feeling slightly disappointed, it was Jiang Chen’s choice, they had only met each other purely by chance, that’s all.
“It’s fine. There is no never-ending feast. Let us meet again in the future.” She Zhen said.
“See you soon, Big Brother She.”
Jiang Chen left after saying his goodbyes, preparing to leave with Yu Erniang. As he must obtain the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart.
“What did I say? He never once looked at us properly. Now that there’s that sly fox, he would naturally follow her. Hehe, men are all the same.” She Xinying said in a weird tone.
Jiang Chen shook his head as he knew what was happening, and did not bother replying. Because he knew that there wasn’t a need for him to explain to them. It was his life, his choice.
A glimpse of tears could be seen on She Xinying’s eyes as she turned back. Has there been a woman who had not liked someone? But what can she say? How can she keep Jiang Chen by her side? From the disgust she felt from the beginning to the love she felt in the end… She’s the type to show her emotion easily, but she knew that both of them were people from different worlds.
Letting go is also a kind of love, to let go of staying together forever for the sake of love. Why should I be sad if you’re able to gain the world I let go?
She Xinying looked up and smiled as she murmured:
“I hope the person I fell in love with will be a hero who stands upright.”
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2500 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2501


Chapter 2501
An old friend over the world
“I have never thought that you’re such a cool one. That girl has been thinking of you all the time but you are still able to remain unmoved without giving any response. You’re truly dumb and wooden.”
Yu Er’niang laughed. Both of them were adverse to others. The Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart was located in the west, which was a remote region. The region was full of highly poisonous snakes, mice and insects, even beasts were running wildly. Compared to the central region of Tian Qi Mountain Range, the west region was like a hellish place.
“Did you expect me to like you if you adore me?”
“You’re shameless. I prefer someone who is older than me. Hahaha.”
“But I’m not young either.”
Jiang Chen said with a smile. Yu Er’niang casted a shy glance at Jiang Chen this time.
“You’re so playful. I won’t ever dare to go along with you. Perhaps you’ll swallow me one day.”
“I am afraid that the opposite thing will happen.”
Jiang Chen shrugged, showing an anxious expression on his face. Even though they had gone through two thousand miles, things seemed normal and they did not encounter any danger yet. However, they still remained cautious as it could be just the lull before the storm. In Tian Qi Mountain Range, a slight mistake could cost them their lives.
“Why are you looking for the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart?”
Jiang Chen asked.
Yu Er’niang did not speak much along the way, but every word was full of provocation. In these ten days, she was always cautious and concerned all along. Jiang Chen felt impressed as her strength was quite comparable with him.
“So what if you got the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart? What are you going to do with it?”
Yu Er’niang asked curiously.
“Making pills. I am an alchemist, that’s why I always have an eye for all valuable treasures.
Jiang Chen decided not to conceal the truth intentionally as this was his original intention after all.
Yu Er’niang was startled and her eyes lit up.
“I have never thought that you’re an alchemist. You’re such a young and talented man.”
Even though Yu Er’niang was shocked upon hearing this, she still didn’t believe that Jiang Chen could make any supreme level pills with his power. The one who made those supreme level pills were none other than those geniuses in Alchemy. Yu Er’niang considered Jiang Chen merely a junior level alchemist since he was still young.
“You still haven’t answered my question yet.”
“It’s a secret.”
Yu Er’niang smiled slightly. She was like a butterfly, dancing smoothly and gracefully with soft footsteps while moving forward.
The west region of Tian Qi Mountain Range was all covered with pure white snow and the temperature dropped rapidly. However, the flowers there were still blooming, trees were green and wooded, and there’s even softly gurgling water. The warm air flowed from the peak while the hot spring water tasted sweet and refreshing.
The west of Tian Qi Mountain Range was just too quiet and peaceful, which was totally different with what was mentioned as a purgatory of death. But Jiang Chen and Yu Er’niang had never let down their guard, they moved forward carefully as everything seemed strangely peaceful.
“Wu Dong Luo Xia Mountain is just forty thousand miles ahead, I think we should walk for another three months. The Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine is located in the Wan Li Grand Canyon of Wu Dong Luo Xia Mountain. However, the geographical location of the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine constantly keeps changing every year. So, no one knows its exact location.”
Yu Er’niang whispered under her breath.
“Thousand miles of white snow covering all over the mountain while the mountain wind howls. It seemed like there’s still some distance to reach our destination. Finding the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart is not as easy as I had thought.”
Jiang Chen nodded.
“Signs of dangers will appear everywhere in Wu Dong Luo Xia Mountain. My two elder brothers are waiting for me over there.”
“Oh, I thought you’re alone.”
Jiang Chen felt surprised.
“I have never told you that I am alone.”
“There are seemingly a lot of people yearning for the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart.”
Jiang Chen sighed.
“Hundred years ago, I had followed my elder brothers to Tian Qi Mountain Range. We have been waiting for the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart in the Wu Dong Luo Xia Mountain but we failed to find it. I lost patience at last and left. Unfortunately, I faced a crisis once while travelling and I was saved by Lan Xiaosheng. Since then, he has had a crush on me but I have no opinion of him.
“However, he wouldn’t stop breathing down my neck even after more than a hundred years. He decided to accompany me to find the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart when he knew that I wished to get it. But I refused to go along with him even if his strength is actually great enough. As one of the disciples from Tian Qi Mountain Range, I believe that he should’ve heard of the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart. Not only that, those who heard about it were quite a lot. And it was rumored that during the maturing phase of the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart in ten thousand years, the place will relapse into chaos.”
“It means that there will be great fighting over the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart.”
Jiang Chen whispered.
“Not bad, but no one knew where the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart was. Even though my two brothers can sense the fluctuations of its strong vitality, they are still unable to find its sign at the moment.”
Yu Er’niang obviously knew well about the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart.
“Am I getting a tough opponent?”
Yu Er’niang was looking at Jiang Chen suddenly.
“Don’t worry, I am not that frenzied. Even if the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Hear is really precious, I am still a good man.”
Jiang Chen said confidently.
“I hope so. Hahaha. Please don’t let me down.”
As soon as Yu Er’niang said this, a loud buzz attracted their attention.
“Such a terrifying aura. Even though it is comparable to me, it is far more powerful.”
Yu Er’niang looked dignified and stunned. A long sword swept through eight hundred miles and its light was spreading cold, producing powerful beams of light. It was surrounded by more than ten Fire Spiritual Lions which were all at the Late Heavenly God Realm. However, the lions could not simply approach, and all of them were suppressed. The terrifying sword shadow swept through the sky which was extraordinary and remarkable.
“True. It is truly horrifying.”
Jiang Chen looked serious. He could feel that the aura of the sword was familiar.
“Roar!”
The Ten Fire Spiritual Lions that were covered with scarlet red crystal were ferocious and moved rapidly. They could even rend a strong Heavenly God Realm expert to pieces. However, they were utterly confused in the hands of the swordsman in white. His sword was terrifyingly sharp, and his strikes were overbearing and as fast as lightning.
“It’s him!”
Jiang Chen stretched out the corners of his mouth and murmured. He recognized his old friend.
“Do you know him?”
Yu Er’niang fixed her eyes on Jiang Chen and stared in amazement. This guy was relatively stronger, and even more terrifying than Jiang Chen and could even be compared to Lan Xiaosheng. She could feel the coldness from his heart which made her feel astounded.
Lonely, cold, unrestrained and unbeatable!
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2501 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2502


Time for Reunion
From what Yu Er’niang saw about the white-clothed swordsman, he was just like a sword which was unbeatable and unavoidable.
“White-clothed Sword God Xue Liang.”
Jiang Chen said. Yu Er’niang was shocked and curious about the true identity of Jiang Chen. What does he do and how did he get to know the White-clothed Sword God Xue Liang? Even though Yu Er’niang was not interested in his name, it seemed like this White-clothed Sword God Xue Liang had a high and outstanding reputation.
“How about you?”
Yu Er’niang took a glance at Jiang Chen and she was filled with wonder. There was a huge difference in both of their strengths after all.
“He is better than me.”
Jiang Chen said with a slight smile.
Yu Er’niang looked disappointed and curled up her lips. The moment she looked at White-clothed Sword God Xue Liang, he already cropped off the head of thirteen Fire Spiritual Lions. He was standing proudly with an overbearing aura.
“I never thought I would meet you here.”
Jiang Chen laughed.
“It is all about the law of nature, everything happens according to fate.”
Xue Liang said lightly and looked at Jiang Chen without showing happiness nor sadness. However, there was a thrill of admiration and respect in his eyes. After all, Jiang Chen had managed to arouse a storm in the entire Linhe Boundary by killing five hundred Heavenly God Realm experts, ten Half-step Divine Kings and even the whole Hundred Sects Alliance was destroyed under his hand. Not only that, he was able to seize an opportunity to escape from the Divine Kings and was able to stay alive. This was definitely a miracle, and Jiang Chen did it.
Xue Liang rarely showed his admiration to anyone but Jiang Chen had proved that he was an extremely terrifying monster through the fight in Hidden Secret Realm and the life-and-death battle in Linhe Boundary. All of the geniuses were eclipsed by Jiang Chen and those monsters were just like the fleeting clouds, disappearing in front of Jiang Chen.
“You’re right, us meeting again is also kind of destiny,”
Jiang Chen nodded.
“I’m here for the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart.”
As soon as Xue Liang finished his words, Yu Er’niang was getting serious. It seemed obtaining the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart was getting harder.
“It seems like the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart has attracted a large crowd.”
Xue Liang wrinkled his brows, and glanced at Yu Er’niang without saying anything.
“Let’s find it together then.”
Jiang Chen said.
“Good.”
Xue Liang gave Jiang Chen a short and direct answer. Upon seeing how Xue Liang treated Jiang Chen,  Yu Er’niang could feel that White-clothed Sword God Xue Liang was showing his admiration and respect towards Jiang Chen. However, Jiang Chen was merely an Early Heavenly God Realm.
It seemed like Xue Liang was just looking at his friend without glancing at Yu Er’niang, and she was one who has never doubted her charm. This only showed that this White-clothed Sword God was obsessed with the sword in his hand. It was all about the sword, and nothing else.
Yu Er’niang’s curiosity about Jiang Chen was strongly piqued.
The three of them were now travelling together. After a few months, they had finally reached the place that Yu Er’niang had mentioned, the place that her brothers appointed. There were peach blossoms falling apart all over the mountains and fields, with rivers snaking through the fields. The forests were high and the rivers were boundless.
“It’s here. I won’t get it wrong. There are hundreds of miles of breathtaking peach blossom trees.”
Yu Er’niang furrowed her brows into a frown. It was the first time Jiang Chen saw her being this nervous and tense.
The peach blossom trees tinged the air with fresh fragrance, which was pleasing and refreshing.
“These peach blossom trees seem strange.”
Jiang Chen whispered.
The moment they stepped into the Peach-blossom Spring, Jiang Chen could feel a strangely strong power which kept pulling and guiding them. The secret force made them step into this hundred thousand miles of Peach-blossom Spring. Everything was strange and spooky, they were puzzled and confused.
“Obviously, this is the place. But why can’t I find it.”
Yu Er’niang said in a low voice, filled with disappointment and depression. Her brothers would never leave her alone as they promised to meet here. When the peach blossom withered away, it was time for them to reunite.
“The hundred miles of peach blossom trees is just a formation. If I am not mistaken, we are already trapped inside the formation now.”
Jiang Chen said.
The Peach-blossom Spring was particularly fine. Each tree was arranged according to a mysterious way, and it seemed like everything was trying to reveal the secrets. The one who set the formation was definitely an extraordinarily strong expert. Not only that, all the peach blossom trees here were growing unnaturally, the roots as the base while the peach blossom as the shadow. The changeable peach blossom trees entangled with an immortal unbreakable formation.
“Do you mean that we are trapped inside a formation? Does it mean that my elder brothers may be trapped here too?”
Yu Er’niang looked serious and worried. They had completely lost their path and direction in the Peach-blossom Spring.
“You can also say that. I am not sure if your elder brothers are trapped here, but I can tell that we definitely got caught in this Peach Blossom Formation.
Jiang Chen answered and shrugged his shoulder.
“If what you said is true, then why did you still get in it here if you noticed that this is a Peach Blossom Formation in the beginning?”
Yu Er’niang turned up her eyes.
“I did not know that this is a formation before we went in.”
Jiang Chen said with an innocent face.
“Well, this formation is not that simple.”
Xue Liang said in a low voice. The three of them observed continuously for a while but they still failed to figure things out.
“We should just play it by ear. Or else, no one could find out what’s wrong with this Peach-blossom Spring.”
Even though Jiang Chen had learned much about formations, he was not yet a great master who was proficient in creating formations. Even though he was bound up in the study of the No-Beginning Formation, he had not reached its highest level. It’s not easy for the Formation Master to learn the formation. He was absolutely clueless about this Peach Blossom Formation. However, he was calm as he was even able to solve the No-Beginning Formation. He believed that everything has its own rules. He would not be stumped by this Peach Blossom Formation.
However, Yu Er’niang did not think the same. Her biggest concern was her two elder brothers.”
“Are you confident to get out of here?”
Yu Er’niang asked with a serious face. She was deeply concerned.
“I will try my best.”
Jiang Chen nodded his head silently. At this moment, he felt stressed and burdened. After all, the Peach Blossom Formation was truly strange. It was not aggressive and looked more like a Misty Formation which made them immersed and will get inside their head eventually.
“Huhu…..huhu……”
A strange ghostly wind whistled and the peach blossom fell apart. Ten thousand miles of rivers and mountains stayed still but Jiang Chen could feel the terrifying ghostly wind devouring their body constantly.
“Things are getting worse. I can feel that I am losing my power.”
Yu Er’niang looked blanched upon hearing this. The ghostly wind was whistling wildly while the peach blossom cluttered up the place. The ghostly wind interrupted their flow of thought and even Yu Er’niang could feel that her strength had been flowing away without any signs.
“I feel the same way.”
Xue Liang whispered softly, trying to control his astonishment. This Peach Blossom Formation had been weakening their power continuously. Compared to the formation which had a devastating power, this was relatively spine-chilling and horrifying.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2502 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2503


Lady of Bamboo Flute
The Peach-Blossom Spring remained the same. The whistling of the wind sounded like it was trying to disperse their divine strength. Jiang Chen could feel that his divine strength was fading away.
“What’s wrong?”
Jiang Chen looked at the creepy Peach Blossom Formation around them, filled with seriousness.
Both Xue Liang and Yu Er’niang fell silent completely as there was no other way at the moment.
“Look! There are snakes, mice and insects over there!”
Yu Er’niang exclaimed in shock. There were millions of snakes, mice and insects appearing suddenly and flooding in. There were countless ants, centipedes, green snakes, poison spiders and the poisonous kind of insects. They blotted out the sky and covered the land with terrible ghastly wind. The previous Peach-blossom Spring, which was like the pinky world in fairy tales, was completely invaded by the black devil gas at the moment. Those snakes, mice and insects annihilated half of the Peach-blossom Spring instantly. Meanwhile Jiang Chen and the others could not escape from them.
“These venomous snakes, mice and insects are intruding the Peach-blossom Spring. If we don’t leave here as soon as possible, I’m afraid that we will probably be swallowed by them.”
Yu Er’niang whispered. She realized that they were in danger but there was nothing they could do at the moment.
“Both of you, go first.”
Jiang Chen made Yu Er’niang and Xue Liang stand behind him and they backed away. A black mist pervaded the sky accompanied by a terrible “squeak” sound that devoured the heart of Yu Er’niang. They were now trapped in a dangerous situation but they knew nothing of her brothers’ current situation. Facing the terrifying attack, she was helpless and she could feel her heart was wiped out, being engulfed gradually.
Yu Er’niang looked frightened and panicked. After all, she was not only worried about herself.
“The poisonous gases that are given off by those poisonous creatures here have produced a kind of miasma and are spreading slowly. If we are unable to find a way out, we will possibly be engulfed in the poison gases and end up becoming the food for these beasts.” Xue Liang said calmly.
“I will see what I can do.”
Jiang Chen whispered. To escape from the Peach-blossom Spring, he took both of them running around quickly in order to find a way out.
As the minutes ticked away, Jiang Chen was still unable to seek a way out. During this critical moment, it was just as difficult as reaching heaven. The Peach-blossom Spring, at the moment, was nearly blanketed in the dark poison gas and the only safe area that they could stay was becoming smaller and smaller rapidly.
Even though the peach blossom was wrapped in the terrible poison gas at the moment, they did not wither at all and were still in full bloom as before. The poison gas, however, was a formidable enemy for the humans.
“It seems like there is no way to go for us.”
Yu Er’niang murmured. In front of the attack of the poison gas, it seemed like they were totally falling into difficulty. They had no choice but to hold their breath and stay still. However, the divine strength of Xue Liang and Yu Er’niang kept fading away, even Jiang Chen felt the same. But compared with both of them, the feeling was weaker as his divine strength was rapidly recovering at the same time due to his self-recovery capability . It showed that the divine strength that he had lost was just very little.
“Let’s fight our way.”
Jiang Chen said. The poison gas kept blowing straight ahead of them while those venomous creatures were running around. The battle was about to blast right off.
“Just stick with me. We should keep running and cut them off. I believe that all the beasts are assembled here now. And this Peach-blossom Spring was like a great melting pot where all of the beasts and monsters are trapped.”
Jiang Chen whispered under his breath, looking serious. He glanced at Xue Liang, grabbed Yu Er’niang’s hand and started moving forward.
Yu Er’niang was startled and flushed. But she could not even care about it during the critical moment. She followed Jiang Chen and fought their way through the Peach-blossom Spring. They were engulfed by the poison gas all along, the only thing they could do was just to protect their heart from the attack of the poison gas. Or else, they would suffer severe injuries or even die instantly.
“There are ten millions of poisons mixing together, almost every type of poisonous creature in Tian Qi Mountain Range. This Peach-blossom Spring is just incredible.”
Jiang Chen’s heart was like the roaring waves in the rough seas.
At that moment, Jiang Chen heard a sound of flute which was excited and graceful, stimulating and frightening. Those venomous creatures were releasing their poison gas orderly along with the sound. When all of them mixed up, it would probably lead to death as the resultant poison was incurable and untreatable. Once you’re poisoned, the chance of survival would be low even if you were one of the strongest Heavenly God experts.
“Kill all of them.”
Jiang Chen glanced sharply. Even though he knew that what he was trying to do was just a drop in the bucket, there is no substitute for this.
The flames leapt up in Jiang Chen’s hands. Five Elemental True Fire merged into one. The Three Thousand Flames Dragon Seal was assembled and formed. Once Jiang Chen striked, a loud, earth-shattering and deafening noise reverberated through the air. At the moment, Yu Er’niang could tell how terrifying Jiang Chen was. The Three Thousand Flames Dragon Seal was like an exploding scarlet fire dragon, sweeping over the world, engulfing  the countless venomous creatures and burning them to ashes. The poison gas was dispersed gradually as well.
Xue Liang striked rapidly, his sword shone brightly and cropped off the poison creatures constantly. Even though those creatures were not that strong, they were extremely disgusting when they came in millions and scampered through the Peach-blossom Spring.
It proved that even ants could kill an elephant if there are a bunch of them. Perhaps it would be harmless if there was just one of them, but it would become fatal and destructive if millions of the poisons mixed up.
Even if Jiang Chen was strong enough to kill those poison creatures continuously, it was impossible to kill all of them as they kept pouring out. The snakes, mice, and insects in the entire Tian Qi Mountain Range were all gathered here.
Xue Liang and Yu Er’niang turned a little pale. Jiang Chen realized that both of them were already poisoned when he turned back.
“Damn it!”
Jiang Chen looked cold and gloomy, his eyes ran down those millions of poisonous creatures that surged out continuously and engulfed the whole Peach-blossom Spring. They had been set up and trapped in the Peach Blossom Formation, putting them to death purposely.
Jiang Chen’s biggest concern was the Peach-blossom Spring, he was unsure whether this was formed naturally or man-made. But according to what Yu Er’niang had said, the Peach Blossom Spring already existed even before they reached here. He could not understand why nothing happened to her when she came here previously.
“Are you guys alright?”
Jiang Chen asked.
“I am still fine, but I have to clear away the poison before dark. Or else, it will be dangerous for me.”
Xue Liang said in a low voice.
His condition looked alright while Yu Er’niang was turning deadly pale and lost her charm. She was not strong enough to resist those poisons so now she was engulfed by the poisonous gas. This Peach Blossom Spring had become a nightmare for them.
“How could you be fine?”
Xue Liang asked.
“I am immune to poison.”
Jiang Chen smiled bitterly. It is not necessary for him to conceal anything from Xue Liang. Yu Er’niang was completely losing her consciousness.
“Howl……Howl…...”
A sharp and ear-splitting humming sound was heard. There was a blood-red centipede covered with tentacles rising from the ground. It was nearly ten foot in width. It blasted off to the sky and covered the sky with its thousand-feet long body. It howled with a harsh and penetrating noise which could make people feel being stabbed by pins and needles. The humming sound was like a thousand ants biting the soul which was extremely miserable and agonizing.
Above a distant mighty mountain, there was a young lady in green. She was holding a bamboo flute and playing it softly.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2503 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2504


An Old Gibbon in Cave
The blood-red centipede seemed to move under the command. It rushed toward Jiang Chen and the others with its claws that were sharp as knives. It broke through the sky and ran right over them. Under the sunset, it looked like a tremendous beast which could devour the world. Xue Liang surged forward immediately, chopping off with his shining sharp sword and entangling together with the blood-red centipede. However, the centipede was stronger than they thought. It launched a strike with its thousands of giant feet at the same time, even Xue Liang was unable to resist this time.
“I am poisoned. Am I going to die soon?”
Yu Er’niang murmured and looked frightened. No one could remain calm in the face of death. In this critical moment, Jiang Chen did not wish to put her at risk.
“Don’t worry, you won’t die.”
Jiang Chen smiled slightly. He held out his hand and cut his wrist.
“Drink it and you’ll be immune to poison.”
Jiang Chen whispered under his breath.
Yu Er’niang seemed startled. She had never thought that Jiang Chen would make her drink his blood. But she believed that his blood could expel the poison since he was immune to poison.
“Thank you.”
Yu Er’niang drank Jiang Chen’s blood. What she had drunk was not the normal blood but the blood and essence which was expelled by Jiang Chen. Otherwise, it would be ineffective in clearing the poison.
However, Jiang Chen felt himself weakening after losing some blood. He did not physically become weak but felt fatigued mentaly in which he could not recover within a short time.
Xue Liang was struggling furiously to resist the attack of the enemy. However, he was seriously wounded and also his divine strength was dispersed by the ghostly wind before. Now he was even poisoned, hence it was rather difficult for him to resist the powerful attack of this centipede.
The strength of this blood-red centipede was extremely strong, which had already reached the Heavenly God Realm. This Centipede was as strong as the Earthly Fire Three-headed Dragon. It was such a terrifying centipede, unbeatable, and formidable with a mighty body. Xue Liang stepped back, he lost his initiative under the attack of the centipede and lacked the strength to strike back eventually.
“It is the creepy flute sound again.”
Jiang Chen wore a frown. It seemed like the creepy flute sound and the blood-red centipede were mutually reinforcing each other. The blood-red centipede became more aggressive, more rapid and stronger along with the flute’s sound.
Jiang Chen and Yu Er’niang launched an attack at the same time. The three of them united to fight against the blood-red centipede. Its strength became weakened instantly and it could feel a kind of overwhelming force by Jiang Chen’s ferociousness and aggressiveness. Even though Yu Er’niang was relatively weaker than Jiang Chen and Xue Liang, she was still strong enough to distract the blood-red centipede. Jiang Chen was absolutely invincible, extraordinarily powerful and unbeatable. He struck out with his fist and hit the blood-red centipede on its claw. Even the centipede felt it difficult to deal with Jiang Chen, and also the sword qi of Xue Liang managed to catch it off guard. It was howling in pain continuously.
The blood-red centipede blotted out the sun and covered the sky with its mighty body. Xue Liang was thrown away by its strong blow but fortunately, more than ten of its claws were chopped off by his sword in the process. At the moment, the blood-red centipede was boiling with rage.
The flute’s sound became quicker while the blood-red centipede was filled with a surge of anger. It swept through the Peach Blossom Spring and whatever it passed through collapsed. The centipede was spurting out some poisonous fog but Jiang Chen still managed to run through the poisonous fog fearlessly. He struck a blow immediately and hit the head of the blood-red centipede.
Jiang Chen’s fist hit on the blood-red centipede like a thunderstorm. Even though its head was hard, his fist was relatively stronger. The strong blow dazed the blood-red centipede and it withdrew instantly. A rapid sound of flute was heard again. The blood-red centipede howled, escgibbond into the land and disappeared completely.
Jiang Chen looked up in the sky. He could strongly feel that the person who played the flute was determined to take his life. But he could not even find out who the person was.
Jiang Chen staggered. As he made Yu Er’niang drink his blood essence, he had to take a rest now. Xue Liang looked at the sunset that had gone behind the mountain gradually, he finally felt relieved now. Since the poison had not passed through his vessel, he could still manage to expel it from his body by his own strength.
Ten days had passed, Jiang Chen and Xue Liang’s power was fully recovered. Yu Er’niang was impressed by Jiang Chen as she had never expected Jiang Chen was exceedingly strong. Especially when he fought against the blood-red centipede, he could still remain calm and confident even though there was a huge difference between their strengths.
“I can feel that we are approaching my elder brother, within a hundred miles.”
Yu Er’niang whispered suddenly, Jiang Chen and Xue Liang followed close behind. At the moment, the anxiousness in Yu Er’niang said everything.
Even though Yu Er’niang could not find the way out, she could sense her two elder brothers telepathically.
After a day and a night, they managed to find Yu Er’niang’s brothers. At the moment, a crowd of gibbons was surrounding a young guy. But two of them plunged deep into thought by looking at the gibbons around them.
“Brothers!”
Yu Er’niang shouted loudly. But the gibbons were starting to roar at that time, her elder brothers shouted in a deep voice and ten of the gibbons stepped back.
“ Girl, finally you’re back.”
A young guy with a long beard that was dressed well said deeply and stared at Yu Er’niang.
Yu Er’niang curled up her lip.
“I remember our promise, we shall reunite when the peach blossom withered. This is my third elder brother, Yu Jingfan and my fifth elder brother Yu Huafan.”
“Luckily you still remember that. And the two of them are……?”
Yu Huafan squinted his eyes, looking at Jiang Chen and Xue Ling.
“They are my friends, they are here to help us find the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart.”
“Stop fooling around!”
Yu Huafan  said coldly and his eyes also looked cold.
Jiang Chen could feel that both of them were unkind. He believed that it was because Yu Er’niang told them about the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart.
Yu Er’niang sighed. She expected that her brothers would definitely be angry over this matter. But there were a lot of them who yearned for the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart. She believed that the chance to attain the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart would be bigger with more hands and greater efforts.
“You’re just an Early Heavenly God Realm. How dare you come to Tian Qi Mountain Range? Hahaha. Do you think that you can find the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart? It’s ridiculous.”
Yu Huafan laughed coldly, totally being impolite and disrespectful to Jiang Chen.
“It is such a pleasure to have friends coming from afar, an old gibbon stayed in the Peach Blossom Forest and shut away from the world. How could you hurt my disciples ?”
A gibbon with a long eyebrow said deeply, walking slowly out from the cave.
It looked kind, calm and energetic with low eyebrows.
At the moment, the old gibbon waved its hands gently. The flowers on the mountains fell apart and the poisonous gas disappeared.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2504 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2505


Since You’re here, Just Settle Down here
“What a formidable old gibbon.” Jiang Chen thought. 
He was unable to identify the old gibbon’s true strength. All he could see was that each of its actions was very skillful as if it was linked together with the heavens and earth.
Yu Huafan and the others looked solemn as well. They could sense that this old gibbon was not an ordinary cultivator. Although they were unhappy with Jiang Chen, their anger slightly lessened because of the old gibbon who made them feel threatened.
“What are you?”
Yu Huafan said with pride while his eyes looked cold.
“My identity is not important. What matters is who you are. What are you guys doing here? It’s your misfortune to come into the Peach-Blossom Spring.”
The old gibbon said in a low voice while his palms were holding each other. He looked solemn as if he was a high-ranked monk and his breath was steady and calm.
“Trying to play tricks? What is this Peach-Blossom Spring? Why couldn’t we get out of here?”
Yu Huafan pointed at the old gibbon and said.
“Since you’re here, just settle down here.”
“What do you mean? Who do you think you are? Are you the one that created this formation? If you don’t tell us about it, don’t blame us for taking action later.”
Yu Huafan was full of arrogance but his face looked gloomy because they had been trapped here for more than three years. How could he not be furious? Now that he found the old gibbon here, of course he would not let go of him easily. Not to say if he could survive in this place for a long time, he would have been bored to death at this place before that happened as only peach blossom trees and flowers existed in this place.
Yu Huafan remained silent, but he was unwilling to stay here and wait for death. They were here to search for the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart. But since they were trapped here in this place, it was impossible for them to look for the  Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart.
“You should know why you are here today. Those greedy ones are always the same.”
The old gibbon said with a faint smile. He was not angry at Yu Huafan at all.
Jiang Chen looked at him silently as he felt that this old gibbon was not a simple figure. Despite facing so many people here, he remained calm and composed. It’s not that simple to have this kind of demeanor.
“Little girl, this old gibbon advises you not to try anything funny, otherwise things will end very soon.”
As soon as he finished speaking, the old gibbon turned around and disappeared immediately. Even the hole where he came from also disappeared and what’s left to them was the Peach-Blossom Spring.
Yu Er’niang shivered for a while, her heart felt anxious as well. What did the old gibbon mean when he said that? Should I really listen to his advice? The old gibbon was really astonishing and he just disappeared like that.
“You’re trying to play a trick. Don’t let me get the chance to catch you, old gibbon!”
Yu Huafan roared in rage, his voice was deafening.
Jiang chen, Yu Huafan and others were all startled. This was not a trick because the old gibbon did really exist just now. He just disappeared in a flash and no one was able to find his trace.
“Since we are here, let us settle down here?……”
Jiang Chen frowned. At the moment, he started contemplating the ways to escape this Peach-Blossom Formation. The gibbon’s words seemed profound and it did not seem to have any bad intention. With his strength, it was not difficult for him to kill all of them. However, the old gibbon did not take any action. He chose to leave and disappeared.
“Fifth brother, he is a friend whom I brought here and he has saved me from trouble in the past.”
Yu Er’niang looked at Yu Huafan and said.
At the moment, Yu Jingfan and Yu Huafan finally looked slightly friendlier.
Jiang Chen shrugged his shoulder and said, “Since your two brothers don’t trust me at all, then it’s better that I don’t disturb you.”
“Brother, please stay and forgive our impoliteness just now. Since we have the fate to meet here, that means our encounter is all about destiny.
Yu Jingfan said with a faint smile.
“Forgive me because I don’t know you have saved my sister before.”
Although Yu Huafan was a bit unwilling, he understood that Jiang Chen’s strength was definitely not weaker than Yu Er’niang as he was able to rescue her a few times before. They were looking for Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart right now and sought for a breakthrough. They had been struggling for some time in this Peach-Blossom Spring. It’s better to have more people and stronger allies in order to leave this deadly place as soon as possible.
Looking at how Yu Er’niang begged her brothers, Jiang Chen did not go against Yu Huafan as well as he was kinda soft hearted when it came to dealing with women.
“Third brother, have you encountered any poisonous insects here before?”
Yu Er’niang asked in a deep voice.
“Never. Why did you ask about this?”
Yu Jingfan looked at Yu Er’niang in shock.
“Never in the past but now there are.”
Yu Huafan’s countenance fell and pointed at the countless poisonous creatures behind Jiang Chen and Xue Liang. They were all crashing into them along with the black poisonous gas. The entire Peach-Blossom Spring was turned into black colour.
The moment Jiang Chen and Xue Liang turned their head around, the entire place was fully flooded by the creatures. The number of the creatures was even higher than before.
“Damn it! Why is it so terrifying?”
Yu Huafan shivered out of fear but he remained calm as his cultivation realm had already reached the peak of Heavenly God Realm. Yu Jingfan felt the same. There were so many poisonous snakes, insects, mice and ants now and they would definitely devour all of them effortlessly.
“Five Elemental Trigram Fire Formation!”
Jiang Chen casted out a formation in a flash. Fire is the enemy of most things, especially snakes, insects, mice and ants and even to poison gas. Under the Five Elemental Trigram Fire Formation, everything was casted away and none of the creatures could come near to them.
“I never expect this young guy to be this capable.”
Yu Huafan gave Yu Jingfan a glance and said in shock. After benefiting  from Jiang Chen’s Five Elemental Trigram Fire Formation, they were much relieved now.
Countless creatures run into Jiang Chen like how the moth runs into fire but those that did were all turned into ashes by Five Elemental Trigram Fire Formation.
“Don’t know how long this will last.”
Jiang chen looked solemn as he had a bad presentiment. Why did the two brothers never encounter any attack by the poisonous creatures in the past three years? Jiang Chen’s group was trapped here only very recently. However, when they came into this Peach-Blossom Spring, they had been attacked by the creatures and there was a strange flute sound. All these were suspicious.
Jiang Chen wished all these were not true, otherwise, the others would suffer because of him.
At the moment, the flute sound rose again in the Peach-Blossom Spring. However, this flute sound somehow had the effect that deluded people. What was the most terrifying was that hundreds and thousands of poison creatures formed up to become an enormous sword blade. With the accompaniment of the flute sound, more and more creatures gathered up together and the sword blade became larger and larger.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2505 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2506


Those who see the Futu’s Token, means that one is meeting Futu*
“This insect-wave… it looks like it’s controlled by the flute, ever-changing. This wave is certainly controlled by someone.” Yu Jingfan said quietly as he squinted his eyes.
Truthfully, they felt extremely shocked even while inside the Five Elemental Trigram Fire Formation. Could this Five Elemental Trigram Fire Formation withstand the insect-swarm? Plus, that giant insect sword looked pretty threatening, it could probably kill us all. 
Yu Huafan felt a chill down his spine. He imagined the Five Elemental Trigram Fire Formation shattering into pieces as the giant sword made by those insects swarm onto them.
“Lad, are you confident?” Yu Huafan asked again.
“You can go out and try if you do not believe me.”
Jiang Chen smiled and shrugged. It’s not like I forced you to stay inside the Five Elemental Trigram Fire Formation.
Yu Huafan was silenced, he would undoubtedly walk to his death if he chose to walk out and fight against the insect-swarm.
The azure-robed girl walked across the sky, playing the tunes on her flute, commanding the endless amount of insects.
All of a sudden, a dark figure stood in front of the azure-robed girl, holding a dark fire-shaped token. The token felt demonic as if it had a terrifying devouring power as if it wanted to take the darkness to do its bidding.
“Those who see the Futu’s Token means that one is meeting Futu,” the dark figure said indifferently.
The azure-robed girl nodded slightly as she once again played the bamboo flute, her empty eyes were calm as a silent lake, as if she was cut off from the world.
Piii 
The rushed voice resounded through the air, the giant insect-sword dropped at this moment and crashed upon Jiang Chen’s Five Elemental Trigram Fire Formation.
Jiang Chen’s pupil contracted but his expression remained unchanged. He single-handedly withstood this attack. The Five Elemental Trigram Fire Formation shook as if it was on the verge of collapse.
Jiang Chen fortified the Five Elemental Trigram Fire Formation with all his might. Without the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda, he had to rely on his own strength. If the Five Elemental Trigram Fire Formation was to be broken, then all of them may as well be torn apart by those insects.
Jiang Chen was forced to use every ounce of his strength. They will have to scatter if the Five Elemental Trigram Fire Formation were to break and their survival rate at that time would certainly be extremely low.
Everyone gasped. The Five Elemental Trigram Fire Formation was almost shattered from the clash.
“Holding on?” Xue Liang asked.
“Yes.” Jiang Chen smiled.
Xue Liang slightly nodded. From his point of view, as long as Jiang Chen promised something, it will certainly be done.
“Little brother, don’t force yourself if you’re unable to continue. Our situation is dire, we may have a chance if we scatter and fight with our lives.” Yu Jingfan said in a serious tone.
He was the strongest and his words held the most weight currently. Even Yu Erniang started to look at Jiang Chen.
“Let’s see how many times they can try.”
Jiang Chen gathered his energy and fortified the Five Elemental Trigram Fire Formation with his immense divine energy. His divine energy could be easily replenished by the wood spirit. He didn’t know how powerful the opponent was, hence, he needed to use everything he had.
“Not bad. Let the storm be much fiercer!” The dark figure glanced at the girl.
The latter was silent but powerful sound waves once again resounded.
The insects on the sky once again gathered the corpses of animals that were piling up here and there. These insects kept attacking unceasingly, even though they were dying from the clash.
The giant insect-sword formed once again. This time, it was several times bigger than the last. Yu Jingfan’s expression changed. At this moment, Jiang Chen’s Five Elemental Trigram Fire Formation may not last.
“Come. let’s see whether your weapon is sharper or my shield is sturdier.” Jiang Chen’s sharp eyes looked at the sky.
He knew that someone must be controlling all of these insects, however, he didn’t know who it was.
Pii 
The giant insect-sword came crashing down on the Five Elemental Trigram Fire Formation once again after the flute resounded. Jiang Chen kept on fortifying the  Five Elemental Trigram Fire Formation but giant cracks could already be seen.
Jiang Chen was forced to tighten the Five Elemental Trigram Fire Formation. However, the insects felt endless, they gathered three times and crashed three times. The Five Elemental Trigram Fire Formation was in tatters. Even Jiang Chen was heavily injured.
“Such a powerful melody, it couldn’t possess such strength without the power of one’s soul energy.” Jiang Chen thought as his expression became pale.
“To conquer, one must destroy the general. A bunch of insects is useless no matter how many I kill.” Jiang Chen’s eyes shone brightly.
“Great Soul Derivation Technique!”
Jiang Chen unleashed the Great Soul Derivation Technique and suppressed the voice of the flute with his terrifying soul energy, covering the sound completely.
Jiang Chen’s soul energy was as powerful as that of a Hierarch expert. However, Jiang Chen wasn’t confident in this clash of soul energy because he did not know how powerful the opponent was. Nevertheless, he was forced to do so even if the opponent was stronger than him, but the backlash would surely be immense. However, the same would apply to the opponent! The insect-wave would then be dispersed.
An overwhelming soul energy spread across the whole mountain, the dark-figured figure’s expression changed, backing off a thousand li away from the site. Whereas the girl took Jiang Chen’ soul attack head-on.
The Great Soul Derivation Technique, which could purify the energy of souls, caused the girl’s expression to instantly turn pale as she coughed out blood, her breathing became shallow, her soulless eyes became more life-less. She then fell down towards the mountain from the sky.
Jiang Chen felt that his terrifying soul energy did not completely defeat her, he coughed out a mouthful of blood too but his lips curved into a smile. The boundless insect-swarm dispersed. He couldn’t help but sigh, those insects strived hard to survive in this world, yet he was forced to kill them.
The sound of the flute suddenly stopped. He knew that the opponent must have been gravely injured if he/she wasn’t dead. Looks like he was the winner in this battle.
“Jiang Chen is still Jiang Chen.” The dark figure murmured. A glint of viciousness and murderous intent could be seen from the depths of his eyes.
“Are you alright? Jiang Chen?” Xue Liang asked.
“I’m fine.” Jiang Chen waved his hands and said.
“Jiang Chen? Which Jiang Chen? Are you the Jiang Chen from the Linhe Boundary?”
Yu Erniang squinted her eyes as she looked at Jiang Chen.
*Futu can be meant Buddhist/Buddhist Pagoda/Good Karma
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2506 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2507


The great devil Jiang Chen
Jiang Chen looked up and glanced at Yu Erniang.
“There are so many people with the same surname and first name. I am simply me.” Jiang Chen said, neither denying nor confirming.
“What is it?” Yu Huafan looked at Yue Erniang, feeling weird.
Does the name Jiang Chen hold that much power?
However, Yu Erniang refused to believe it.
“This Jiang Chen, what’s so different about him?” Jiang Chen smiled.
“In a peerless manner, he killed off thousands of Heavenly Gods and thousands more prodigies in Linhe Boundary, including ten great Half-Step Divine Kings, not even the Divine Kings could do anything against him. He offended the whole Linhe Boundary, and he now possesses the title ‘peerless devil of the new generation’. His name has reached far and wide.” Yu Erniang looked at Jiang Chen with a fiery gaze.
Because this name had become a hot topic in the surrounding ten regions, even Yu Erniang who was in the Tianqi Mountain Range had heard about him. This person became famous overnight, not only the residents of Linhe Boundary,but those who had heard of Jiang Chen in the surrounding region would shiver in fear.
How could Yu Erniang not be surprised? But this Jiang Chen was only an Early Heavenly God, although he has some pretty amazing techniques and skills, she couldn’t believe that this Jiang Chen was THAT Jiang Chen.
“Is this true? If he’s that godly as you’ve said, killing off ten great Half-Step Divine Kings, he wouldn’t have taken such a tool to get through the previous battle. Haha even though he’s pretty strong, he’s but an Early Heavenly God.”
Although Yu Huafan was truly shocked with Jiang Chen’s abilities, Jiang Chen’s Five Elemental Trigram Fire Formation just coincidentally countered those things. Otherwise, the result would be different. At least, he refused to believe that this young man could kill off ten Half-Step Divine Kings.
Yu Jingfan looked at Jiang Chen, the latter was calm and unfazed. It wasn’t something worthy to show off.
Yu Jingfan didn’t know but Yu Erniang knew how terrifying this Jiang Chen was. Jiang Chen never spoke about this person’s name along the trip. She wouldn’t have been this shock if Xue Liang never mentioned it.
“Jiang Chen, are you that godly as they say?” Yu Jingfan chuckled, he was rather implicit, not prodding any further.
“You guys were stuck in the Wu Dong Sunset Mountain, so you didn’t know anything about Jiang Chen, he has become a nightmare in the other regions, his name has shocked various cities and regions.” Yu Erniang said
“So what? Does it matter whether I am or not? Jiang Chen IS a great devil, but you shouldn’t give me that bad name. Are you worried that I would backstab you guys and steal the treasure? The Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart? Hahaha.” Jiang Chen laughed while shaking his head, making Yu Erniang much more confused.
“Yeah, Jiang Chen saved us all earlier, he wouldn’t have such a dangerous agenda against us.” Yu Jingfan said with a smile.
“Jiang Chen, Jiang Chen.” Yu Erniang murmured and then suddenly smiled.
“So what if you’re that great devil? I wanna see how powerful the great devil Jiang Chen is. To kill Half-Step Divine Kings and successfully escape from those Divine Kings.”
“We need to get things clear, look at me, I’m so innocent, I have zero connection with the title great devil, haha. I should be given something like, handsome, romantic, and suave.” Jiang Chen said with a laugh, pretty confident, albeit being severely injured, it didn’t affect his mood.
“Alright, you’re injured, enough with your banter.” Yu Erniang was as charming as ever, her smile as graceful as ever.
Yu Jingfan looked at Yu Erniang, shocked. This girl, it’s my first time seeing her so meek, she’s famous for being a thorny rose in the family. Looks like she’s learnt to tone down her attitude, unlike before. This is a good thing. 
“Our immediate goal right now is to quickly get out of this garden, otherwise, let’s not talk about the dangers when we found the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart, which would mature in only 6 days from now.” Yu Huafan said in serious demeanour.
“Agreed. The time given to us by the heavens is limited.” Yu Erniang nodded and looked at Jiang Chen.
“Do you have something in mind? Looks like you’re well-versed in the art of formation.” Yu Erniang suddenly realised.
Jiang Chen’s Five Elemental Trigram Fire Formation countered those pests and single-handedly repelled the insect-swarm. His knowledge in formations must be pretty good.
“I know a little here and there, I can try.” Jiang Chen said, unconfidently.
Jiang Chen and the others did not have a chance to depart when a croak was heard. Their hearts once again pounded.
*Croak, croak, croak…* 
A croaking voice resounded through the depths of the peach garden, Jiang Chen slightly frowned.
“I heard the reason why the Blazing Flame Heavenly Lizard was so brave to fight the Eight Lineages Silver River’s Earthly Fire Three-headed Dragon was because of its master reaching the Divine King Realm. That master of his is the Tianqi Mountain Range Blue-eyed second great beast, the ancient spiritual beast, Azure Flower Toad! Are we… ” Yu Erniang said quietly as anxiety was plastered all over her face.
“It shouldn’t be… the Blue-eyed Azure Flower Toad is an ancient spiritual beast, on-par with those ancient divine beasts. Most importantly, if it truly has reached the Divine King Realm, it wouldn’t bother itself looking at us meagre characters.” Yu Huafan rolled his eyes. If it truly was that beast, then it would only be a dream for them to leave this place with their lives still intact.
“Profound Blue Triangular Eyes, purple azure flower spot wave, eyes like a fighting bull, abundant qi, this… this… ” Yu Huafan’s face became pale.
The siblings had lived in the Tianqi Mountain Range for a hundred years, they knew about the power distribution around the mountain range. Although they have not seen the Blue-eyed Azure Flower Toad before, they’ve heard of it. It was the second great demonic king other than the Eight Lineages Silver River!
Jiang Chen and the other’s eyes contracted as they gazed at the giant toad that was just a hundred meters away, it was 3 zhang tall with a pair of copper-coin like eyes. It was looking straight at them with several hundreds of tiny toads that were in the Heavenly God realm, it was another terrifying sight.
“Not at the Divine King Realm! But just a Peak Heavenly God.”  Xue Liang said.
Yu Huafan gasped and said with a sigh:
“Just a Peak Heavenly God? Do you know that the Blue-eyed Azure Flower Toad is an ancient spiritual beast? Although it’s only a Peak Heavenly God… it could easily defeat a Half-Step Divine King.”
“One after another… this garden is no utopia, it’s a monster cage.” Yu Erniang gasped as her eyes widened.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2507 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2508


Chapter 2508
Soul Devouring Poison Mist
“We have so many of us, even if that fella is strong, we may not necessarily need to fear him.” Jiang Chen said.
“Big Brother, are you genuinely stupid or you’re just faking it? Do you think that this Blue-eyed Azure Flower Toad and the one who has reached the Divine King Realm had no relationship?” Yu Erniang smiled bitterly.
This Blue-eyed Azure Flower Toad obviously came prepared.
“A splendid dinner, the taste of human flesh is much better than those demonic beasts, tender, and succulent.” The Blue-eyed Azure Flower Toad said with greed.
It then leapt and landed in front of Jiang Chen and the party.
“You have a big mouth, I wonder if it is able to fulfill its own greed.” Xue Liang sneered.
“Puny humans, it’s your honour to become this king’s food. You dare challenge this king? ”
The Blue-eyed Azure Flower Toad transformed into a fat young man, his eyes were protruding with saliva dripping down from his mouth, he looked like a crazy person.
“This little girl is pretty good. Become my wife, hmph hmph, the taste of a human beauty, I’ve taste it before. hehe”
“You dare harass me?! I’ll gouge out your eyes!” Yu Erniang shouted in anger. Her eyes were filled with murderous intent.
Although she’s unable to kill this Blue-eyed Azure Flower Toad, she still hated it nonetheless.
“Bunch of puny humans, you do not have the qualification to fight against me. Hahaha, I am an ancient spiritual beast, my esteemed father is the Tianqi Mountain Range’s king, it is impossible for the Eight Lineages Silver River to reign supreme now.” The Blue-eyed Azure Flower Toad said proudly.
His protruding eyes were disgusting, but his aura was formidable. Probably only Yu Jingfan could go against him.
“You would’ve died 100 times over in the Tianqi Mountain Range if it wasn’t for your father’s might.” Jiang Chen sneered.
“You dare mock me? Trash! I can easily kill 10,000 of you with a single hand of mine. No, 100,000. I too am one of the strongest experts within the Tianqi Mountain Range. It’s your greatest honour to be eaten by me.” The Blue-eyed Azure Flower Toad said as he looked down on Jiang Chen with disdain.
“Enough of this bullshit, let’s see whether you’re the one to devour us or we’re the one to kill you.” Xue Liang stared at the Blue-eyed Azure Flower Toad coldly, emitting a dominating qi, similar to Jiang Chen.
They did not view this Blue-eyed Azure Flower Toad as a threatening foe.
“A bunch of insects, to dare look down upon this king. I will gnaw you down until there’s nothing left of you.” The Blue-eyed Azure Flower Toad was completely angered.
Yu Erniang and her siblings knew that this Blue-eyed Azure Flower Toad must not be allowed to leave.
“Let’s go, we must not allow him to leave. Brother Jiang, rest easy. Watch how this brother will slaughter this Blue-eyed Azure Flower Toad.” Yu Huafan smiled proudly. Xue Liang and the siblings then rushed towards the Blue-eyed Azure Flower Toad.
Jiang Chen looked up slightly, he needed to take a rest to recover. The trio should be able to easily deal with the toad. Xue Liang who was a Late Heavenly God could rival a Half-Step Divine King. Jiang Chen believed in his capabilities, Whereas Yu Huafan and Yu Jingfan were also not weak, it should be an easy battle for them.
“You will pay for the price for your arrogance.” The Blue-eyed Azure Flower Toad sneered as it leapt towards the air and reverted back into its true form.
“It’s useless to try to act tough. You’re just a stinking toad without your father. Hehehe.” Yu Erniang said with a graceful smile.
The white-jade knife of hers slashed through the air and a powerful shockwave was created, causing plum blossom petals to fall from the trees.
The Blue-eyed Azure Flower Toad leapt up towards the sky, ignoring those attacks. *Croak~*
Yu Erniang’s slash landed on the Blue-eyed Azure Flower Toad’s body. The toad shook its body and pushed back Erniang, whereas her powerful sword strike did not even leave a single scar on the toad’s body.
Yu Huafan rushed forward with his Red-Tassel Spear, and stabbed lightning fast towards the target, creating dozens of afterimages. The toad leapt around but Yu Huafan was hot on its tail, the toad managed to evade Yu Erniang’s attack but got caught with Yu Huafan’s spear.
The toad got stabbed behind the back and Yu Jingfan took this opportunity to collaborate with Xue Liang to suppress the toad. The toad grumbled as it was pushed back, ramming left and right, trying to get away from the encirclement. However, the duo were the strongest amongst their group, they did not give the toad a chance to retaliate as they attempted to put him down for good.
Jiang Chen’s lips curved up. This fella doesn’t look strong but the one behind him is one of the Divine Kings of the Tianqi Mountain Range.
“Hahaha. To think that you are so weak, I’ve overestimated you. The Blue-eyed Azure Flower Toad, meh. ” Yu Huafan sneered as he closed-in onto the Blue-eyed Azure Flower Toad with his spear.
The Blue-eyed Azure Flower Toad’s eyes were burning with anger as he was suppressed by Xue Liang and Yu Jingfan. He couldn’t even retaliate and was forced back by Yu Erniang and Yu Huafan in a sorry state.
“You guys are forcing me.” The Blue-eyed Azure Flower Toad kept taking in air, and its body grew, increasing in size, reaching 30 zhang big. Not even Yu Jingfan or Xue Liang could hold him down anymore.
“Something’s wrong.” Jiang Chen frowned.
“Soul Devouring Poisonous Mist!” The Blue-eyed Azure Flower Toad spew out a purple poisonous mist.
At this moment, the plum blossoms and the trees withered. Yu Jingfan and the other’s expression immediately changed as they quickly retreated. They couldn’t react to that terrifying poison as they were all struck by it. Their body was gradually being corroded by the poison, including their very soul.
“Hahaha, a bunch of fools, do you not know that I, the Blue-eyed Azure Flower Toad’s special move is this Soul Devouring Poisonous Mist? Your soul and body is mine to devour. Your body will eventually…. Human dried meat, my favourite. Kakaka.”
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2508 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2509


Chapter 2509
Battle! An Eye for an eye, poison versus poison!
7th of the week!
Do support us in Patreon if you are able to, so that we can continue translating the novel for you! 🙂
The Blue-eyed Azure Flower Toad’s eyes swept across Yu Jingfan with a playful expression, his murderous intent was off the roof.
“How can this be? This poison is too overbearing!” Yu Huafan’s expression changed.
They were all hit by the poison. The poison invaded their bodies. They got careless, this Blue-eyed Azure Flower Toad was acting to be in a disadvantageous position and drew them into a trap by retaliating with poison, a cunning beast.
“The poison is spreading within my body, it must be detoxified quickly, otherwise I’m doomed.” Yu Huafan’s lips trembled a little.
Even Yu Jingfan and Xue Liang who were the strongest ones amongst them could not withstand the terrifying poison. They have utterly looked down on the Blue-eyed Azure Flower Toad and its deadly poison.
Yu Erniang wasn’t in much pain compared to the others as she took Jiang Chen’s blood earlier, there were antibodies within her body that helped combat the toxin. However, it wasn’t enough as the poison was very potent.
“Since the Blue-eyed Azure Flower Toad is an ancient spiritual beast, such terrifying poison is truly one that causes one to be envious about.”
Jiang Chen’s lips curved. Looks like only he had what it takes to face the Blue-eyed Azure Flower Toad now.
“Trying to eat me? You do not have what it takes.”
Jiang Chen stepped forward and stood before the Blue-eyed Azure Flower Toad.
“Hahaha, am I hearing things correctly? You’re the weakest one here, you dare flaunt before me? You think you have what it takes? You have some steel balls, do you guys think that I, the Blue-eyed Azure Flower Toad, am an easy foe to be bullied? Didn’t you see those four fellas now being poisoned?”
The Blue-eyed Azure Flower Toad looked down on Jiang Chen as the latter was just trash that he could easily kill with just a single snap.
“Really? I, for one, like to go against popular opinion, let me see how you’re going to kill me effortlessly. Come.” Jiang Chen stood proudly while crossing his arms.
The Blue-eyed Azure Flower Toad was arrogant, but Jiang Chen was on another level.
“I’ve never met someone like you who’s so willingly looking to die. Alright, I’ll fulfil your wish. Die! Roar!” the Blue-eyed Azure Flower Toad spit out another poison mist.
Jiang Chen just stood there, completely unfazed. The poison mist of the Blue-eyed Azure Flower Toad was something special, yet Jiang Chen was unaffected as the mist covered his body.
The Blue-eyed Azure Flower Toad’s pupils contracted, including Yu Jingfan and Yu Huafan—they were utterly shocked. Jiang Chen was able to withstand the poison mist?! Unbelievable!
Only Xue Liang and Yu Erniang knew that Jiang Chen could ignore the poison. Nevertheless, the Blue-eyed Azure Flower Toad’s poison was still nothing to scoff at. Xue Liang knew how terrifying Jiang Chen was, he wouldn’t be surprised of anything if it involves Jiang Chen, since he’s pretty good at creating miracles.
“Bastard? To think you can ignore my poison?” the Blue-eyed Azure Flower Toad was shocked.
The poison mist was his strongest arsenal. There’s nothing he could do if Jiang Chen could ignore it, luckily Jiang Chen’s cultivation realm was too weak.
“I refuse to believe it. You, a normal human could be immune to my toxic poison.” The Blue-eyed Azure Flower Toad gritted its teeth and roared.
Jiang Chen had thoroughly angered him. It was a blatant challenge.
“You’re that confident, eh? Haha, now have a taste of my poison, let’s see who’s better.” Jiang Chen sneered.
Jiang Chen then threw out both of his palms, and two dark murky lights shot out from his palms, it then intertwined with the Blue-eyed Azure Flower Toad’s poison mist. At this moment, the Blue-eyed Azure Flower Toad finally shivered, because he felt the opponent’s poison was one that was greater than his.
Jiang Chen’s eyes became cold. The Nether Toad’s poison was on-par or even stronger than the Blue-eyed Azure Flower Toad’s poison. The Nether Toad’s poison allowed him to be immune to countless toxins. However, the Blue-eyed Azure Flower Toad was no simple foe. Jiang suddenly had an idea of wanting to devour the Blue-eyed Azure Flower Toad’s poison, making the Nether Toad’s poison become much deadlier. He could not imagine what could happen if those poisons were to merge.
“Such a terrifying poison!” The Blue-eyed Azure Flower Toad was shocked. However, it also had the same idea as Jiang Chen. Its poison will surely become much deadlier by devouring Jiang Chen’s poison.
Jiang Chen and the Blue-eyed Azure Flower Toad, both of them smiling as they released the poison within their bodies. Xue Liang and the others quickly backed off. Jiang Chen tried to limit the area of the poison to several meters, those floras and faunas that were sturdy enough to withstand the previous wave of poison all withered and died.
The Blue-eyed Azure Flower Toad and Jiang Chen, both of them wanted to take over the other’s poison.
The Nether Toad poison was slowly getting devoured by the Blue-eyed Azure Flower Toad’s poison as the owner was present.
Jiang Chen’s expression became dark. Because his body was filled with the Blue-eyed Azure Flower Toad’s poison and the Nether Toad’s poison.
“Jiang Chen, he’ll be fine, right?” Yu Erniang said with a gloomy expression.
Jiang Chen was currently housing two toxic poisons within his body, both of which intertwined against one another. One could clearly see that Jiang Chen was in pain!
“It’s hard to say. If he got careless, although he possesses another poison that could rival the Blue-eyed Azure Flower Toad, the toad could continuously produce those poison, it’s not easy to fight poison against poison.” Yu Jingfan was utterly shocked and worried about Jiang Chen’s decision.
As Jiang Chen was their final line of defense, if he failed, then they would become the Blue-eyed Azure Flower Toad’s dinner. They could only blame themselves for falling into the toad’s trap.
“He… probably won’t give up that easily.” Xue Liang murmured.
The Jiang Chen he knew would definitely not give up. Although he was not able to witness that exciting battle, but from the words of his Old Ancestor, that battle was the most vicious in the history of the Linhe Boundary. Causing the Divine Kings to move, yet Jiang Chen was able to come out from it.
Is he really Jiang Chen if he dies in the hand of a mere toad?
The Blue-eyed Azure Flower Toad wasn’t feeling any better as the Nether Toad’s poison had also invaded his body. Now, it was a contest of endurance between the two.
Jiang Chen’s expression was heavy, the two toxins were ravaging his body. The Netherpoison Toad’s poison was initially subdued by Jiang Chen, but it got activated again as the two poisons clashed against one another, causing him immense pain.
“There’s surely a solution, no matter how poisonous and toxic it is.”
The two poisons were ravaging his body and his meridians, however, one could see that from the Blue-eyed Azure Flower Toad’s eyes, it was in pain too.
“Burn everything! Fire against poison! I’m a genius, hahaha.”
Jiang Chen instantly summoned the Five Elemental True Fire to rid his body of those toxins. The True Dragon Fire, True Thunderfire, Qilin Saint Fire, Vermilion Divine Fire, Fire of Sun burned his body, purifying all the toxins within his body.
As expected, the result was good, the two toxins shrunk, keeping one another in check, balancing and complementing each other.
The Five Elemental True Fire had managed to merge the two poisons together into Jiang Chen’s dantian, forming a black Taiji/Taichi diagram, poison against poison, keeping one another in check.
Jiang Chen’s expression became brighter as the toxins were getting purified.
“Three Thousand Flames Dragon Seal! Destroy!”
Jiang Chen launched a devastating seal, causing the Blue-eyed Azure Flower Toad to shriek as he was struck with fear. To think he was able to command both of those poisons, thoroughly negating my poison. Plus, the Three Thousand Flames Dragon Seal that was formed by the Five Elemental True Fires was also roaring profusely.
The Blue-eyed Azure Flower Toad couldn’t withstand it and was injured by those two toxic poisons. As the Three Thousand Flames Dragon Seal devoured him, he was thoroughly burnt into ash, leaving only a demon core behind that had fallen into Jiang Chen palm!
The Blue-eyed Azure Flower Toad died without even leaving a single trace behind!
“My son, who dares murder, my son?!”
A giant roar echoed a thousand li away, a terrifying qi burst up towards the sky, a devastating and terrifying qi shook the western part of the Tianqi Mountain Range.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2509 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2510


The method of breaking the formation
Jiang Chen was in deep thought and looked up. The resentment that flew up towards the sky dispersed towards the western part of the Tianqi Mountain Range.
Jiang Chen devoured the Blue-eyed Azure Flower Toad’s Soul Devouring Poisonous Mist, making it his own. Now, his poison was more than 100 times stronger than before.
“Jiang Chen is still THAT Jiang Chen.” Xue Liang lips curved up into a smile.
Jiang Chen’s strength was the best proof. Not even the poison of the Blue-eyed Azure Flower Toad could defeat him.
“Good lad. Quickly, detoxify us from this poison.” Yu Huafan’s eyes shone as he almost perished from the Soul Devouring Poison Mist.
Jiang Chen did not dawdle and quickly dexotified the four of them. They would be severely injured if they didn’t get rid of those poison fast. Their future may even be affected and they may even have a hard time raising their cultivation realm.
Yu Erniang’s eyes were shining, Jiang Chen truly did not disappoint. Although he’s not the greatest in terms of cultivation, he was recognised by everyone now. The path of a true expert is indeed not always easy.
“Jiang Chen, thanks.” Yu Erniang said in a heart-felt tone, Jiang Chen had saved all of them, this benevolence was too great.
“No effort at all.” Jiang Chen smiled.
“We need to get away from this place as soon as possible. Now that the Blue-eyed Azure Flower Toad is dead, his dad will surely come. This Tianqi Mountain Range is his territory.” Yu Jingfan said.
They had to quickly get away from this peach blossom forest, otherwise, there’s nothing for them to talk about and the time left for the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart to mature was getting closer.
“Our hundred years of effort will go down the drain if we miss the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart.” Yu Erniang murmured as anxiety could be seen in her eyes.
Yu Jingfan and his brother’s expression turned gloomy. They have made all kinds of preparations just for the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart, a hundred years of hard work, all for the sake of the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart.
“I’ll do my best, this peach blossom forest may not be able to cut me off from the world.” Jiang Chen said as he closed his eyes and went deep into meditation.
He suddenly remembered what the Old gibbon said ‘Since it’s here, let’s make the best of it’. Looks like it’s impossible to break this formation with brute force. There must be a way, a method, a solution to get out of this formation.
Jiang Chen closed his eyes as he envisioned the landscgibbon. At this moment, Jiang Chen could feel that each of the trees was filled with life, constantly moving, ever-changing, it was the essence of the formation. Jiang Chen knew that he needed to understand the essence, however, it would at least require him several months.
Unfortunately, the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart will be long gone by then or somebody else will get their hands on it. Hence, Jiang Chen could not wait for it nor the others.
A day and night passed by as Jiang Chen sat silently in meditation. Whereby Yu Erniang and the others got anxious. However, Xue Liang was calm, not as worried, he had confidence towards Jiang Chen, and although the family gave him a mission to acquire the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart, it wasn’t a must for him to obtain it. Xue Liang had not failed once before, however, hence he wanted to keep his record as clean as possible.
Jiang Chen tried to break through the formation with his divine energy. But it was fool’s errand, impractical. While he was figuring out the ever-changing formation, he was also learning from it. He was already a master of formation, although he did not learn it since young, he was pretty well-versed in it. Whether he could solve this formation, it all depended on his luck.
Jiang Chen remembered what the old gibbon said, “There’s somebody within the depths of the peach forest, fate will guide you to the mountain. You guys should know why you’re here. Those greedy ones are always the same.”
“Those greedy ones are always the same,” Jiang Chen murmured.
The old gibbon came and went without a trace. Obviously ignoring the formation of the peach blossom forest. However, his words clearly meant something. ‘Those greedy ones are always the same.’
“Jiang Chen did not speak a single word for one day and one night. Our time is ticking away, if we cannot leave this place, then… our effort would go down the drain. We have already come so far… ” Yu Huafan murmured as worry filled his eyes.
“Shut up! Do not forget about your mission.” Yu Jingfan shouted.
Yu Huafan suddenly woke up as he bathed in cold sweat.
Yu Erniang’s expression was serious as they all placed their hope on Jiang Chen, not knowing whether it was right or wrong, but they had no other choice. They tried for three years and they had no solution for it.
However, Yu Erniang and the others were pretty confident in Jiang Chen as he had saved their lives before, and their chance was pretty high in breaking through the formation. Although Jiang Chen did not admit it, Yu Erniang was pretty sure that he’s the infamous Jiang Chen. It cannot be true that this Jiang Chen and that Jiang Chen are both monsters, are all Jiang Chens monsters?
Xue Liang looked at the siblings. Those three certainly have a story behind why they wanted to obtain the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart, and wait for a hundred years. It was a fool-proof plan but yet they got trapped within this forest, a miscalculation, perhaps even a prank played by fate.
“Those greedy ones are always the same. Greedy, ones… ”
Jiang Chen murmured. Suddenly his eyes shone brightly. He found something, greedy ones, it meant those who covet the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart. The greedy ones are those with evil schemes. These people shall never be able to get through the ever-changing formation. The greedy ones walk upon the opposite path of the peach blossom formation, getting lost from the greed of one’s heart, losing all sense of understanding the formation.
It was because of their ‘want’, their obsession towards the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart that caused them to lose their initial judgement and got trapped here.
“Hahaha, those greedy ones are always the same. Hahaha.”
Jiang Chen laughed as excitement appeared in his eyes. He finally found a way to break through the formation. It was all thanks to the old gibbon, otherwise he couldn’t have found it.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2510 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2511


Everything could be clearly seen with a clear mind
The one who could break through the formation was none other than one’s self. However, their desire and dedication toward the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart made them get caught in danger and they were unable to escape. Jiang Chen could feel that either the Yu siblings or Xue Liang were strongly dedicated to attain the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart, even as important as their lives.
In other words, how is it possible for them to find the way of breaking through the Peach Blossom Formation when they were blinded by their own obsession with the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart? They could only escape if they learned to let go of their desire for the treasure.
Jiang Chen was calm and relieved. Even though the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart was important to him, it’s not worth his life. Since ancient times, treasures always belong to those who deserve it. He knew that it was not easy to get the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart as it only bears fruit once in a thousand years.
He believed that the Peach Blossom Formation was closely related with the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart.
When he completely overcame his obsession with the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart, he realized that all the illusion of the Peach Blossom Formation had disappeared. It was just a common Peach Blossom Spring. When you stop all the distracting thoughts, everything could be clearly seen.
This was the way to break through the formation!
Jiang Chen became enlightened, understanding this formation only existed in their heart. When the obsession in their heart grew stronger, the Peach Blossom Formation would also become more complicated and even impossible to break through.
“Jiang Chen, have you found the way to break through the formation?”
Yu Er’niang held Jiang Chen’s hand tightly and asked. She was on cloud nine when she noticed that Jiang Chen looked a little relieved.
“I found it. It is just smoke and mirrors rather than a formation. For those without any distracting thoughts and desire of competing over the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart, this Peach Blossom Spring will be just a paradise with breathtaking views. But for those who desire the treasure, this place will become like a prison in hell.”
Jiang Chen smiled slightly. That was why the old gibbon regarded this place as a peaceful paradise. Everyone would see the Peach Blossom Spring differently with different thoughts.
“The formation will disappear naturally when you get rid of your desire towards the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart.”
“It’s just that easy?”
Yu Huafan gazed at Jiang Chen and felt the solution was unbelievable.
“Yes, it’s just that easy.”
Jiang Chen shrugged. He could see a high road to get out of the Peach Blossom Spring in front of him.
Yu Huafan took a deep breath, remaining calm and removing all the distracting thoughts. However, the Peach Blossom Spring remained the same when he opened his eyes again.
“It’s impossible, you’re lying. Why couldn’t I get out of this Peach Blossom Spring? Everything here is still the same and I cannot find any way out.”
Yu Huafan asserted.
“Let me try it.”
Yu Er’niang remove the distracting thoughts from her mind immediately. However, she was still unable to find a way out just like Yu Huafan. The Peach Blossom Formation was still the same, unpredictable and mysterious.
Yu Jingfan and Xue Liang did the same thing but none of them were successful. There was no change in their eyes.
Jiang Chen frowned heavily and murmured.
“It’s not possible. I found my way out but why couldn’t you guys do that?”
“I think it is because we couldn’t remove those distracting thoughts completely. The Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart is just too important for us. It is nearly impossible for us to get rid of it.”
Yu Er’niang whispered after considering for a while. At this moment, everyone was silent and looked anxious. It was true that their desire for the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart was deeply rooted in their heart and it was impossible for them to remove it immediately. This could not be achieved in a moment. On the other hand, Jiang Chen could stop all the distracting thoughts and see everything clearly. However, it did not mean that everyone could do the same like him, even Xue Liang failed to do so.
Jiang Chen sighed. It seemed like these people were just too obsessed over the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart and that was why they could not get rid of it completely. They would not be able to get out of here if they could not break the formation.
Jiang Chen was worried and shocked. The way of getting out was just a step away but the four of them still could not escape from this Peach Blossom Formation.
“What should we do now? You’re the only one who can leave here.”
Yu Er’niang felt despair. Even though they had tried hard to remove all the thoughts in their heart, they still failed to do so as their desire for the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart was deep-seated. Even Jiang Chen could not change their mind.
Jiang Chen wished to bring them out of here but it seemed like an impossible task. If they could not change their mind, they would be trapped in this Peach Blossom Formation forever.
Jiang Chen heaved a deep sigh and felt helpless. He could feel that Yu Er’niang was in despair. If they could not escape from here, it also meant that they would never be able to get the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart. They were worried and helpless at that moment. Even Jiang Chen realized that it was impossible to make them remove their distracting thoughts, but he did not want to look at Yu Er’niang being so helpless and lonely.
Jiang Chen did not know about their story but he realized that the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart was important to them, even deep-rooted in their heart and they could not help but think about it. They were completely obsessed about it. Jiang Chen could not change all of these, Therefore, they would not be able to get out from the Peach Blossom Formation.
Jiang Chen could feel the sorrow, loneliness, helplessness and remorse in Yu Er’niang’s eyes. She was acting like a woman who experienced all those depression and desolation in her life. And the determination in her eyes that Jiang Chen saw in the past was now nowhere to be seen.
Yu Er’niang, who was charming and attractive, formidable and never inferior to men, was completely defeated by the demon in her heart. Even Yu Jingfan and Yu Huafan were the same, they felt truly disappointed. As they would know the result with just a try.
What actually made her live with such a strong obsessiveness？Were they just reckless with greed or planning to do something else? Jiang Chen was curious about all of them. But he could feel that Yu Er’niang was truly sincere and innocent.
Xue Liang’s determination was not as strong as them, but he was unwilling to give up easily. He was not obsessed with the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart but refused to be a failure.
“I will definitely help you get out of here.”
Jiang Chen remained silent once again. He promised to get them all out of this Peach Blossom Spring.
The formation varied in the foundation of the formation and the eye of the formation. If they wished to make the formation collapse completely, destroying the foundation of the formation would be the only way.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2511 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2512


Chapter 2512
Stirring up the hornet’s nest
Only if the eye of the formation was smashed could they make the Peach Blossom Formation completely destroyed. The Peach Blossom Formation would not be an illusion anymore, only a hundred miles of Peach Blossom Spring would be left.
The foundation of the formation was clearly the hundred miles of Peach Blossoms but Jiang Chen had no clue about where the formation eye was. He already knew that it was impossible to destroy the whole hundred miles of Peach Blossom Spring. Those Peach Blossoms that had been destroyed by the poisonous gases were revitalized when Jiang Chen was searching for a way to break through the formation. The Peach Blossom Spring bloomed once again, even more magnificent and attractive. The Peach Blossom was immortal and eternal, this was why the formation was terrifying. Destroying the formation foundation was an enormous and difficult task, even Jiang Chen was unable to do so at the moment. The only thing that seemed feasible was to destroy the formation eye.
Jiang Chen was stunned. He did not think that he could do that. Even a master of formation might not be confident in finding out the formation eye within a short time. And it would still be uncertain whether they could destroy the formation eye successfully.
“Jiang Chen, I beg you. Please break the Peach Blossom Formation. I will definitely repay your kindness with my life if I attained the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart successfully.”
Yu Er’niang bit her lips hard, she was in pain. They felt anxious and agitated with each second that passed by. But Yu Jingfan was relatively calm, waiting for Jiang Chen silently.
Jiang Chen did not promise to fulfill Yu Er’niang’s request but sank into the Peach Blossom Formation. He did not think that he was strong enough to completely destroy this Peach Blossom Formation. Therefore, he could only analyze the formation by observing the structure of the No Beginning Formation. After all, he was able to break the No Beginning Formation. If he could find the formation eye of the Peach Blossom Formation through the No Beginning Formation, he was confident of turning the situation around.
Jiang Chen had become everyone’s last hope and he shouldered a heavy responsibility at the moment. As it was all about getting the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart, he dared not to treat this easily.
Jiang Chen knew well about the No Beginning Formation. Each of the hundreds of thousands of formations had its own rules. Nevertheless, the forms might change, yet the essence would remain the same. It proved that No-Beginning Formation would definitely tell him something about the formation eye of the Peach Blossom Formation.
Jiang Chen stared at the rise and fall of the Peach Blossom silently, the noise of the wind had become softer now. The No-Beginning Formation was started from nothing, and grown out of nothing. It was going through a transformation. Jiang Chen was controlling the No Beginning Formation and his mind started to wander in the Peach Blossom Formation. Eventually, he had found the formation eye. However, the formation eye was located in the cave where the old gibbon stayed. Jiang Chen was overwhelmed with mixed feelings. When they first met, he did not know the intention of the old gibbon, and now he was shocked as he had never expected that the formation eye would be located in that cave.
He is now clear about the intention of that old gibbon. The old gibbon intended to make them retreat from the battle. If they failed to break the formation, they would miss the opportunity of getting the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart. Then, they would get rid of the desire to the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart and would feel relieved. Obviously, the old gibbon planned to make them get out of this Peach Blossom Formation and left far away from Wu Dong Luo Xia Mountain. And this Peach Blossom Formation was a warning to them but it was not very threatening. It only blinded their mind and made them sink into the formation. Removing their obsessiveness would be the only way to get out of here. Or else, they would be trapped for millions of years.
“This is such a precise and meticulous plan.”
Jiang Chen said lightly.
“Even so, I want to break this Peach Blossom Formation anyway.”
Jiang Chen held the Heavenly Dragon Sword, and struck upon the formation’s eye. However, the formation eye was unexpectedly undamaged. Even under the attack of the Heavenly Dragon Sword, it was still not destroyed.
“Interesting.”
A smile touched the corners of his lips. Even though he did not manage to break through the formation eye, he could cut off the relation between the formation eye and the Peach Blossom Formation. Once the formation eye was cut off, the entire Peach Blossom Formation would collapse on itself.
Jiang Chen deployed the Tisura Formation cautiously and blocked the formation eye completely. The moment the Tisura Formation was activated, it was the time of cutting off the formation eye. Jiang Chen has the whip at the moment. He activated the Tisura Formation and took down the whole Peach Blossom Formation. It seemed like the entire Peach Blossom Formation lost its value after the eye of the formation was closed. The Peach Blossom Formation did not exist anymore, and only the Peach Blossom Spring was left.
“Roar……”
The old gibbon in the cave was spurting blood, pale and looked frightened. It had never expected that there was someone who could break the Peach Blossom Formation.
“The Peach Blossom Formation collapsed. Perhaps it is just my fate. There is no one who is able to break the Peach Blossom Formation for three hundred thousand years. However it is broken today, the moment when the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart formed. Haha. I am wondering who is the one with such an incredible power. Because even to Divine Kings or Gods, it would be impossible for them to find the eye of the formation.”
The old gibbon murmured. He was defeated. Once the Peach Blossom Formation was destroyed, the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart would become everyone’s target. Even though he was unwilling to accept the truth, he had to admit that he felt anguish and relief at the same time the moment that the Peach Blossom Formation collapsed.
“Hahaha. Finally, you’re here”
“I won’t die in this terrible place. I have been staying in the Peach Blossom Spring for three thousand years, hiding in darkness. Finally, I am alive now.”
“Finally I have returned after ten thousand years. The Peach Blossom was finally destroyed by someone after all this time. I can’t wait to meet the true master who broke this.”
“The Peach Blossom Formation doesn’t exist now, what can you do to me? Hahaha.”
A deep sigh, an excitement, followed by anger and helplessness echoed through the Peach Blossom Spring.
There were countless beasts and humans flying high to heaven. At this moment, the whole western region burst into an uproar. The strongest experts had risen from the ground and swept through the sky.
Jiang Chen felt that mighty strong and overbearing experts appeared in the Peach Blossom Spring. His face turned cold.
“Damn, did I just stir the hornet’s nest?”
Jiang Chen laughed bitterly. He could feel that the moment the formation was destroyed, it seemed like this Peach Blossom Spring had become a heap of ruins. He had never thought that there was such a big crowd of human and beasts who were being trapped here, all of which were almost formidable and unbeatable.
Even though he refused to admit that but he clearly knew that he did not only save Yu Er’niang, Xue Liang and the rest, but he also released those who had been trapped in the Peach Blossom Formation. It was truly shocking and terrifying when they surged out of the formation.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2512 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2513


Blinded by Greed and Obsessed with Infinite Desire
“Did the Peach Blossom Formation collapse? It’s really destroyed.”
Every cloud has a silver lining. Yu Er’niang shed tears of delight. The Peach Blossom Spring was not an illusion anymore, but was now a garden that was filled with the beauty of spring. The Peach Blossoms were all in full bloom, relaxing and relieving.
“Jiang Chen, you’re amazing! Hahaha.”
Yu Huafan was bursting with joy as he had never expected that Jiang Chen could really make it. Jiang Chen was their life savior. He turned things around again and again, and made them get back their determination and faith. Even though their desire and obsession was fatal in the Peach Blossom Formation, it was their determination of winning after getting out of it.
Yu Er’niang had never thought that he would be able to complete the impossible task in that critical moment. No one had thought that Jiang Chen could make them feel alive again after they were struck in despair. He was the one who gave them a new life and with a new glimmer of hope.
Yu Er’niang could hardly express her gratitude and appreciation to Jiang Chen at this moment.
“We are in trouble now. It is true that Jiang Chen destroyed the Peach Blossom Formation, but he not only saved the few of us.”
Yu Jingfan whispered while his face was rigid and serious. They were surrounded by countless strong experts which made them feel startled and frightened. Even an old man who had lived for more than ten thousand years was there. Followed by the collapse of the Peach Blossom Formation, those humans and beasts who had been trapped here previously were all released and felt relieved. At this moment, Wu Dong Luo Xia Mountain was like a place full of wild demons and monsters.
“These guys should not be treated lightly, even some of them are Half-step Divine Kings experts. Some of them are probably trapped here since the last maturation of the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart. Look at the bones around us, those humans and beasts who had been trapped for ten thousand years are mostly dead. Who can achieve immortality in the Heavenly God Realm? Those who are still alive were the Half-step Divine Kings that are all on death’s door.”
Jiang Chen sighed heavily.
Some of them were blinded by greed and obsessed with infinite desire. They only had eyes for the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart, however, they were unable to find the way out of the formation. That was the reason they had been trapped here for thousands of years, unable to escape. If they could not make their way out of the Peach Blossom Formation, they would have their bones buried here and they’d fade away completely. None of them could resist the wear and tear of time, and would all die eventually. Everything changes over the years, even making them eternal and immortal.
However, it was true that Jiang Chen had broken through the rules of the Peach Blossom Formation and released countless humans and beasts. In other words, Jiang Chen had made them his opponents. And all of them would never be grateful to Jiang Chen as all they wanted the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart.
All of these were out of Jiang Chen’s expectation but it was just too late for regret now. However, it was his only way to save Yu Er’niang and the others. He had no other choice but to do it.
“It seems like we have gained more opponents now. I thought the battle wouldn’t be intense but it seems like we’re wrong.”
Xue Liang said lightly. The Peach Blossom Spring had become a sea of happiness and the people here ran wildly, wishing to escape from the death cage that had trapped them for more than thousands of years.
“Let’s just play it by ear.”
A wry smile spread over Jiang Chen’s face. This was not what he had expected but it was no use crying over spilt milk. They could only hope that they could stand out and win in this battle. Unfortunately, the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart could not be obtained easily. Those who wanted to get it kept increasing but there was only one Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart, for the one who truly deserved it.
“The Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart is thousands of miles away from Wu Dong Luo Xia Mountain. However, its location kept on changing so it was not easy to get it. We have to fight with our all to find the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart. Even though we may not defeat all of them, we could still beat them to it by staying a step ahead.”
Yu Jingfan said in a low voice. After years of studying, he knew the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart well like the back of his hand. But this was not the major factor to determine the victory. Only the strongest one could obtain it.
“There were less than five of them that had reached the Half-step Divine King Realm, more than ten of them were peak Heavenly God Realm experts while thousands of them were at the Heavenly God Realm. Some of the humans and beasts were trapped in the formation for over thousands of years and no one knew who they were and where they’re from. It means that this will be a fierce battle and all of them are enemies now.”
Yu Jingfan went on.
“Well. Undeniably, getting the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart became more difficult. It seems like our success and failure is all in the hands of Jiang Chen.”
Yu Huafan shrugged and laughed. However, he was just joking around, he did not mean to blame Jiang Chen. After all, without Jiang Chen, they would still be trapped in the Peach Blossom Formation.
“Brother, please stop talking nonsense.”
Yu Er’niang whispered. Jiang Chen was their benefactor, she was afraid that her brother would insult Jiang Chen.
“It’s fine. I think you guys should know the way to find the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart.” Jiang Chen said with a smile.
Yu Jingfan nodded silently.
“To be honest, it is true that we know the way to find the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart. After a hundred years of effort, failure will not be forgiven this time.”
Yu Jingfan looked extremely serious and his determination impressed Jiang Chen. Their desire for the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart was beyond Jiang Chen’s imagination.
“The Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart is a sacred and spiritual relic. It is really difficult to find it. However, there is a kind of Jade-faced Spiritual Fox that could sense it, which is miraculously acute. If we can find the Jade-faced Spiritual Fox in Wu Dong Luo Xia Mountain within three days, then we can definitely find the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart in advance.”
Yu Er’niang fixed her glance on Jiang Chen.
“They are looking for the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart but we’re trying to find the Jade-faced Spiritual Fox . It sounds interesting.”
Xue Liang smiled.
“Without further ado, we have to hurry and find the Jade-faced Spiritual Fox.” Jiang Chen said.
Read latest Chapters at Wuxia World.Site Only
They left the Peach Blossom Spring and started looking for Jade-faced Spiritual Fox. The Jade-faced Spiritual Fox could decide their success or failure among those opponents.
Jiang Chen realized that they wouldn’t be able to find the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart easily as it was a sacred and spiritual relic, which was not any different to an elf.
……………….
There was a long shadow that came from the darkness. His eyes were extremely cold.
“Jiang Chen, it’s just amazing that you were able to break the Peach Blossom Formation. It seems like I have underestimated you. Unfortunately, those demons are going wild and you will die miserably. You have no other choice at this moment.”
The dark shadow held his fist and his eyes looked sharp. He had come prepared, showing a cold and overbearing aura.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2513 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2514


Chapter 2514
The Inexplicable Pressure
At the moment, the land within thousands of miles of Wu Dong Luo Xia Mountain was occupied. Thousands of people assembled in the mountain and the only reason they gathered was to find the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart.
All of them were yearning for the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart, but there was only a single piece of the true treasure. The battle for this treasure would attract a large crowd of strongest experts. And with each battle, an expert will have their bones buried in Wu Dong Luo Xia Mountain.
The old gibbon was watching the Wu Dong Luo Xia Mountain silently. Jiang Chen had broken through the Peach Blossom Formation and released countless humans and beasts. Those people stepped into the Peach Blossom Formation thousand years ago and most of them were obsessed with the treasure and hence they were trapped and would never be able to get out of the formation. But the Peach Blossom Spring that the old gibbon was taking care of was not truly a death place. The Peach Blossom Formation only aimed at those who had excessive desire and strong faith. The Peach Blossom Formation would become an unsolved trap only when you had stronger desire, and you could hardly get rid of the imprisonment even if you were a Divine King of Nine Heavens.
In other words, the Peach Blossom Formation would disappear naturally if they slowly overcome their obsessiveness. Within thousands of years, some of them came and left by getting rid of their desire for the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart. While some of them could never be able to get away from the formation.
The old gibbon did not intend to kill anyone. But since the day he stayed in Peach Blossom Spring, he realized that humans were truly terrible. That was the reason that he told everyone the riddle, but only a few of them could understand it thoroughly and were freed. Most of them ended up alone and turned into a pile of white bones.
The strongest people were often the loneliest. The Peach Blossom Formation was like a warning for those who accidentally entered the Wu Dong Luo Xia Mountain. However, it would be difficult for those with strong determination to escape from the formation. And some of them insisted on going on undeterred by the dangers ahead, and lost their path eventually.
Even though the Peach Blossom Formation collapsed, those who lost their path still insisted to surge forward to Wu Dong Luo Xia Mountain. Since the Peach Blossom Formation lost its power, no one would care if it still existed.
When someone was blinded by greed and obsessed with infinite desire, it would become a demon in his heart. The Peach Blossom Formation could actually constrain those demons from growing stronger. To put it another way, it meant that the Peach Blossom Formation was like a salvation to those who fight for the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart. However, it would never reappear at the moment.
“Human greed knows no bounds. The Peach Blossom Formation disappeared and I don’t know if it is good or bad. I am afraid that the Wu Dong Luo Xia Mountain would be strewn with dead bodies this time.”
The old gibbon murmured. He was merciful, trying to deliver all living creatures from torment at first but he failed to make them shrink back from the battle. Now that the Peach Blossom Formation collapsed, the demons ran rampant. It would definitely throw the entire Wu Dong Luo Xia Mountain into an upheaval and dreadful bloodsheds and battles would be inevitable.
Jiang Chen looked back slowly, and glanced at the Peach Blossom Formation that they had been trapped in for a long while. He was anxious and worried at the same time as he did not know whether what he did was the right thing.
“Constraining the desire in their heart but not killing them. Perhaps the existence of the Peach Blossom Formation isn’t bad.”
Jiang Chen took a deep sigh. But what he had done could not be undone anyway.
“If I can obtain the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart, I will definitely remove the constraint of the Peach Blossom Formation.”
Jiang Chen left with strong determination. He had to move forward to find the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart. Since it was an essential herb to make the Heaven Seizing Fortune Pill, he was bound to get it at all cost.
“The Jade-faced Spiritual Fox prefers something cold so it likes to stay in the caves which are humid and dark. We have been staying here and doing research for more than ten years. But we could only find four of them, but never be able to catch it.”
Yu Huafan said in a low voice. It seemed like it is not an easy task to catch since it isn’t a normal beast.
“Why?”
Xue Liang frowned. They found the Jade-faced Spiritual Fox four times but they were never able to catch it once successfully, which sounds strange and not simple.
“The Jade-faced Spiritual Fox is too sly and quick. It could sweep through the forest as fast as the wind and lightning. It is like a dragon soaring through the sea, which is why it is extremely difficult for us to catch it. Not only that, they are the true master of disguise. It is even impossible to find them through the jungle. Even though we failed to catch even one, we know well about their habits and characteristics. Moreover, we have gained more hands now so I think it should be easier to capture it.”
Yu Er’niang felt embarrassed. They had been focusing on doing research on the Jade-faced Spiritual Fox for ten years but they were never able to catch it once, which actually sounded disappointing.
“Just come with me, I believe that we will be able to catch the Jade-faced Spiritual Fox this time.”
Yu Huafan gritted his teeth and said it confidently. This would be their last chance.
At the moment, there were many of them secretly looking for the Secret Cloud Ancient Vine Heart. Most of them who stepped in the Wu Dong Luo Xia Mountain and tried to find the Secret Cloud Ancient Vine Heart were not ordinary people after all.
Through the thick forest, there were green valuable old trees which were hundred feet high. The ancient trees blot out the sun while the rocks and mountains were boundless and infinite. The Wu Dong Luo Xia Mountain looked like an ancient giant beast laying flat on the earth, which was a perfectly glorious and majestic spectacle.
Ten thousand miles of Luo Xia Mountain looked magnificent and impressive when the sun went down.The sun sank down behind both of the mountains and it was breathtaking like a wonderland.
Thousand miles of red cloud was chasing the sun and a hundred birds were paying homage to the phoenix. The sight was truly refreshing and pleasing.
Five of them had been scampering through the woods of the forest for a day. Yu Huafan finally led them to a canyon which was extremely gloomy.
Between the grand crayons, there were dark green Venetian trees which blotted out the sun densely. There were countless deep gullies and valleys. It was located behind the mountain, under the perilous peaks and valleys. So it could hardly be noticed.
Jiang Chen bent over to taste the water, it was sweet and refreshing.
They felt depressed by looking at the dark creepy valleys in the distance.
Suddenly, there was a band of white flashing across and swept through the sky.
Yu Er’niang exclaimed, “It is the Jade-faced Spiritual Fox!”
“I knew they would be here. We can’t miss them this time.”
Yu Huafan’s eyes sparkled with joy. He took the lead and chased after the white light which ran towards the valley.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2514 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2515


Chapter 2515
A Cat-and-mouse Game, and A Running Fight
Jiang Chen immediately took action and tried to chase down the fox. It was reasonable that Yu Er’niang and the others were unable to catch the Jade-faced Spiritual Fox as it ran too quickly, like a shooting star. In the dark, the fox was like a phantom as it could camouflage very well in the forest. Catching the fox was as difficult as ascending the heavens.
Yu Jingfan and Xue Liang took the initiative while Jiang Chen and the other two were slightly slower. Soon, all of them followed after the Jade-faced Spiritual Fox entering into a grand valley. They thought that this time, it would not be difficult for them to catch the fox anymore. It was like a natural great rift valley and inside was completely dark, accompanied with water dripping sounds.
Jiang Chen and the others were extremely careful while walking into the valley. The valley was full of stones and rocks which had a smooth surface due to the friction of the water. The sound of running water was very loud inside the valley.
Whenever they moved a step forward, Jiang Chen could feel the pressure becoming greater and greater. When they stepped on the ground, the sound of their step was extremely loud in this quiet valley.
“I guess the hideout of the Jade-faced Spiritual Fox is just in front of us. We must be very careful and not to let it run away again.”
Yu Huafan said in a low and deep voice.
“I feel something strange here.”
Jiang Chen said in a low voice.
“What’s strange here?”
Yu Jingfan looked at Jiang Chen in shock as what Jiang Chen said was somewhat vague. Jiang Chen’s sense was always accurate. The atmosphere was really pressuring and it disturbed him very much.
“It’s hard to say but this must not be a good place.”
Jiang Chen said while looking extremely solemn because he was not too sure about what he was going to face later.
“Let’s go in and find the Jade-faced Spiritual Fox inside. Once we found the Jade-faced Spiritual Fox, the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart would definitely be ours.” Yu Er’niang said while smiling.
The four of them walked into the dark valley, but Jiang Chen frowned his forehead as he realised that their eyes looked dead. It seemed like they were being controlled by someone right now. He was shocked that the four of them were hallucinating or had fallen into an illusion. They did not show any alertness and just ran deep into the valley. They had lost the vigilance they had displayed before.
“Damn it! Things don’t look right in this valley.”
Jiang Chen displayed his spiritual strength, however, his spiritual strength could only cover a thousand metres. Luckily, the four of them were still within his range. He immediately chased up to them as he was worried that something might happen to them.
Suddenly, a white light shone through the valley. The four of them seemed to be oblivious to anything, and just continued to move forward. Jiang Chen felt a great sense of danger at this moment.
“Oh no! This Jade-faced Spiritual Fox is not that simple!” Jiang Chen exclaimed in his heart.
When Jiang Chen turned his body around, Yu Huafan who took the lead was already slashed by the white light. His chest was badly wounded and two deep cuts could be seen. One could even see his chest bone, however, Yu Huafan seemed to be oblivious about this. The four of them were like living in the illusion and knew nothing about what was going on.
Jiang Chen was well-aware that the white light was a snowy white figure with a face of a white fox. Its eyes looked cunning and ruthless. Jiang Chen struck an attack and was able to repulse the white light, however, Yu Huafan was already severely injured.
“What a Jade-faced Spiritual Fox. I’m afraid that the illusion in this valley isn’t that simple.” Jiang Chen murmured.
Although he could ignore the surrounding illusion, the other four were already affected.
“Roar……”
Jade-faced Spiritual Fox roared and took action again. This time its target was Xue Laing, however, dealing with Xue Liang was not that easy. Even though they were in the illusion, Xue Liang could still feel a sense of danger and immediately defended himself instinctively. Hence, the injury he suffered from that attack was not severe. Jiang Chen took this chance and immediately sent another attack, however,the Jade-faced Spiritual Fox managed to dodge the attack as its speed was terrifyingly fast. It was very confident in itself and looked at Jiang Chen slyly.
“It’s not that easy to catch me. However, since you are not affected by the illusion, that proves that you are not simple as well.”
The Jade-faced Spiritual Fox said with a cold smile while staring at Jiang Chen coldly. It did not put Jiang Chen in its eyes as well.
“Really? Let’s see who is going to die later.”
Jiang Chen said faintly and he then casted the Nine Phantom Wolves, pressing towards the Jade-faced Spiritual Fox once again. The Jade-faced Spiritual Fox left its shadow in the valley under Jiang Chen’s chase. Although Jiang Chen couldn’t chase down the fox, it was under great pressure and kept dodging Jiang Chen. It dared not to be reckless at all.
One was chasing while the other one was running away. Although the Jade-faced Spiritual Fox’s cultivation realm was not very high, its speed was extremely fast and even a Divine King might not be able to catch it at all.
“I don’t believe that I can’t get you.”
Jiang Chen unleashed his utmost strength to chase the Jade-faced Spiritual Fox, and the latter started feeling tired because of running. Moving at such a high speed would, of course, consume one’s divine strength enormously. However, Jiang Chen’s divine strength was almost limitless, and the Jade-faced Spiritual Fox fell into a passive position now as a result. Its speed was still the same, however, it might be defeated if the situation continued on.
“This human really has such good stamina.”
The Jade-faced Spiritual Fox’s sharp voice echoed between the valley. It started gasping heavily for breath. Even though Jiang Chen had been chasing it without attacking, it had already shown some signs of defeat. The valley was actually it’s safest place, however, it was still unable to get rid of Jiang Chen here. The Fox managed to shutter through the steep mountain and valleys, but Jiang Chen was also able to do that. After one hour of cat-and-mouse game, the Jade-faced Spiritual Fox was finally defeated.
“Stop, don’t chase me anymore.”
The Jade-faced Spiritual Fox did not know whether to laugh or cry at this moment. Although it was just a Middle Heavenly God, its speed was faster than a Divine King, which has benefited it in its life in the forest and valley. Unfortunately, it encountered someone monstrous—Jiang Chen.
Jiang Chen smiled coldly and said, “If I can’t get you, I am not Jiang Chen.”
At this moment, the Jade-faced Spiritual Fox finally was defeated by Jiang Chen. It intended to make a heavy strike against Jiang Chen who was just an Early Heavenly God. But after the strike, it suddenly realised how terrifying Jiang Chen was.
Its sharp claws failed to harm Jiang Chen. Instead, it was repulsed by Jiang Chen’s palm strike, and it was now exhausted. In this cat-and-mouse game, the Jade-faced Spiritual Fox was completely defeated.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2515 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2516


Chapter 2516
The Sharp-Looking Youth
The Jade-faced Spiritual Fox sat down on the floor, the cunningness in his eyes became pale. The snow-white fur he had were standing as he squinted his eyes, panting as he looked at Jiang Chen. That tiny head of his was shaking left and right, which was somewhat cute. Its tiny body of less than 3 inches was completely different from those giant beasts of the Tianqi Mountain Range, hence it was regarded as a spirit of the mountain range.
“F*ck it, I’m not running anymore.” The Jade-faced Spiritual Fox depressingly said. His voice was filled with anger and unwillingness.
“To even attempt to kill my friends, your illusory formation is not bad. It’s a pity that it’s useless against me,” Jiang Chen said.
“That formation is not mine.” The Spiritual Fox said with an aggrieved expression.
“What? It’s not yours?” Jiang Chenm was stunned.
If that Jade-faced Spiritual Fox did not set up that formation, then it meant that somebody else is here.
Jiang Chen had the Fox tightly bounded and said coldly:
“Lead me back to them, I do not wish to kill you, I’ll let you go as long you lead us to the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart.”
“Greedy human, the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart is not something you could possibly take. Hahaha,” the Fox sneered.
Jiang Chen whacked the Jade-faced Spiritual Fox’s head, causing the latter to wobble and got dizzy.
“I’ll go, I’ll go, I’ll go.”
“You should’ve said that earlier and you could’ve avoided getting punished.” Jiang Chen rolled his eyes.
Though he’s a stubborn fella, I didn’t think he would submit this easily.
“Can you really find where the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart is?” Jiang Chen asked, untrusting.
“You can choose to be silent and I can choose to kill you. I can search for my friends alone.” Jiang Chen added when the Fox did not answer.
“The Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart, is it? I’ll find it for you, you should’ve told me earlier, why didn’t you do so? Do I look like one of those ungrateful scums? I will certainly help you since you promised not to kill me.” The Jade-faced Spiritual Fox immediately changed his expression and a sly smile hung under that furry face of his.
Jiang Chen wouldn’t easily trust him. The Jade-faced Spiritual Fox would only willingly serve him when his life was in Jiang Chen’s palm, otherwise, he’d be a threat.
When Jiang Chen and the Jade-faced Spiritual Fox got back to where they were, the party was already gone.
“What’s this?” Jiang Chen grabbed the Jade-faced Spiritual Fox’s neck tightly, the latter was scared to his soul.
“I don’t know, I really don’t! That illusory formation will appear here once in a while, I do not know why it appears randomly. Plus, there’s an extremely powerful teenager in the formation.” The Fox said with terror in his eyes, not daring to hide anything.
“An illusory formation that appears once in a while? How can this be? Even you do not know what’s the cause?” Jiang Chen frowned and was getting anxious, worried.
After all, the moment he entered this place, he felt something was off about this place. The ominous feeling he had was realised, Yu Erniang and the others went missing. It was bad news for him.
“The illusory formation disappeared again.” Jiang Chen suddenly felt a chill behind his back and he quickly looked back.
He saw a figure of a teenager, wearing an ice-blue robe, possessing a pair of icy pupils and sharp gaze, slim yet giving off a powerful aura.
The youth stared at Jiang Chen and said coldly:
“Hand it over.”
“What do you want?” Jiang Chen said indifferently.
He couldn’t grasp the youth’s strength, but it felt like a giant mountain was pressing on his shoulder.
“It’s him, I’ve met him twice in this formation, he’ll appear once the formation disappears. ” The Spiritual Fox nervously said as he trembled. As if the pressuring aura caused him to feel like facing a godly being .
“Did you kidnap my friends?” Jiang Chen said.
Jiang Chen will not be benevolent if this youth caught his friends.
“You do not have what it takes to bargain with me, give me the frozen person. I’ll only say it once.” The youth’s aura suddenly raised.
The Jade-faced Spiritual Fox shrieked and fainted, but it’s unclear whether he’s genuine or just faking it. But that pressure shocked Jiang Chen.
“Interesting, you’re not afraid of me?”
“Who are you? Why should I be afraid of you?” Jiang Chen asked.
“Pretty good question, I’ll let you know why you should be afraid of me, because you’re but an insect in my eyes.” The youth then grabbed the air and the space got shattered.
The mountains and the ground of the valley started to quake. Jiang Chen could feel that the youth’s simple attack possessed a peerless violent aura that could overpower everything else.
“Heavenly Dragon Battle Armour!” Jiang Chen shouted and activated his best defense.
But the Heavenly Dragon Battle Armour was instantly shattered. Jiang Chen’s heart was hit by a wave of emotion. This youth had cold eyes yet he’s extremely cruel and heartless, who is he?
“To think you can withstand a single strike from me, not bad, not bad.” The youth smiled coldly. He then threw out another punch, destroying the space.
Jiang Chen could clearly see that the 100 radius surrounding him became completely silent, only a hundred zhang spaces around them got destroyed. This youth’s control over space was masterful, it was truly terrifying.
Jiang Chen felt the threat of death from that punch. He instantly summoned two heavenly lightnings into his palms and merged them. Violent energy filled the space and the youth moved ever so slightly, he was completely unharmed. Jiang Chen’s mightiest attack did nothing. Then, the space returned to silence.
Jiang Chen’s heavenly lightning fusion was completely blocked away by the youth.
“Quite a capable fella, but it’s a pity that you’re still too weak, prepare to die.” The youth then launched a devastating palm strike.
Jiang Chen didn’t hesitate and took out the frozen person. At that moment, the youth’s eyes exhibited a hint of shock.
Jiang Chen did not know why he took out the frozen person to block that attack without any hesitation. If he still had the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda, he would’ve still been thrown around even if he used the pagoda. In the face of such a devastating attack, his life was on a thin thread now.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2516 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2517


Chapter 2517
A Great Treasure
The youth’s aura immediately got pushed back as if the frozen person had a powerful magical power.
“Zhen Sanshan!” The youth shouted and coughed out blood, staggering a dozen steps backwards.
The surrounding space once again twisted, cracks could be seen on the space and it was on the verge of collapsing, risking getting devoured by a black-hole, everything in this valley would be devoured into nothingness.
The crack in space could repair itself but if the space collapsed, causing a black-hole to form, then the damage would be tremendous.
“To think the space could collapse and cause a black-hole to be born.”Jiang Chen murmured.
Not even the Great Void Technique could save me if that happens.
Jiang Chen saw the space below the frozen person was repairing itself.
“This space is way too fragile.” The youth murmured and looked at Jiang Chen with an unwilling gaze. He did not expect Jiang Chen to summon the frozen person.
“You’ll become the source of evil in my clan, you shall never be allowed to be reincarnated.” The youth glared at Jiang Chen and shifted its gaze to the frozen person with a slight shock and startled look as he vanished into the depths of the void.
The illusory formation then once again emerged, where Yu Erniang and the others were wandering around.
Jiang Chen looked at the frozen person. The latter was already dead for god knows eons of years. But this block of ice possessed immense power, he would’ve been dead if it wasn’t for this.
“Who are you? Why did you appear in this place?” Jiang Chen frowned as he couldn’t get any answers.
He stared at the block of ice but couldn’t feel anything from it. Yet it could push the youth away when he couldn’t lift a finger against him. The secret this frozen person possessed was more than Jiang Chen could imagine.
Jiang Chen could not understand. That youth doesn’t look like a person from this place. Plus, he said that this space was too fragile, this meant that he had a powerful background. Jiang Chen couldn’t see through what realm the youth was at yet he could easily suppress him. However, the youth’s aim was the frozen person. Jiang Chen couldn’t get a gist of what’s going on. He was extremely curious about the identity of the youth.
The most shocking thing was that Jiang Chen couldn’t even compare against the youth as the latter could easily kill him off. Then, the Heavenly God Realm cultivation that he had was like trash. Jiang Chen looked at the sky as dark clouds were hovering over the valley. However, it could not stop his grand ambition!
“One day, I shall soar across the sky and fight through the Supreme Heavens!” Jiang Chen slapped the Jade-faced Spiritual Fox, trying to wake him.
The fox looked around with lingering fear and saw that everything was normal once again and the powerful youth was gone.
“Do you really not know who that youth is?” Jiang Chen asked again.
“I wouldn’t know it even if you kill me. I don’t even have the desire to resist in the face of that youth.” The Jade-faced Spiritual Fox said aggrievedly.
“This place, it looks like it’s an Atypical Spatial Zone, connecting to another region, am I right? ” Jiang Chen’s eyes were lit up.
“You’ve seen through it. The space over here is weird. That youth earlier probably travelled here from another space, but he’d usually just walk around the illusory formation, as if he was looking for something. I’ve bumped into him but it’s as if he has never seen me before in his life.. ” The Fox said with a lingering fear.
“Atypical Spatial Zone, sharp youth.” Jiang Chen murmured.
Everything was very weird, he couldn’t believe what just happened. He would’ve died if it wasn’t for the frozen person. Luckily, Yu Erniang and the others weren’t harmed. The youth was gone and the formation appeared along with the others.
The Jade-faced Spiritual Fox looked at Jiang Chen with extreme shock. Because that youth was strong as hell, yet Jiang Chen managed to stay alive. Now that the youth was gone, Jiang Chen had proven his strength, of how terrifyingly powerful he was.
The Spiritual Fox now looked at Jiang Chen as some god. Although he’s cunning, it was all for the sake of staying alive, otherwise, he would just become a treasure of someone else and die. The fox was the Tianqi Mountain Range’s baby, a spirit of the region.
The youth’s background must be great, the Atypical Spatial Zone must be connected to some other place. This encounter made Jiang Chen realise that his strength was still insufficient in the face of a true expert.
“How can we pull them out from the illusion?” Jiang Chen said.
“That’s easy, you have a pretty strong soul energy, they’ll get out of the illusion once you envelop their souls with yours. But your soul energy will take a hit from that. Even someone as strong as you would find it hard to get all four of them out from the formation. Unfortunately, there’s no other method other than that, unless they break through the illusion themselves, but they probably can’t.”
The Jade-faced Spiritual Fox smacked his lips and looked at Xue Liang and the others, as if he was being sarcastic.
But Jiang Chen was able to get out of it. This fella is a monster and he could get out unscathed from the battle with that youth. The fox was thoroughly impressed by Jiang Chen. This Early Heavenly God young man possesses such a powerful soul energy and his battle strength is off the roof too.
“Alright!”
Jiang Chen’s soul energy immediately covered the whole valley. But on the next second, he was stunned, because in the depths of the valley, there was a small cave with countless great treasures hiding inside. He saw a dozen of 10,000 years old ginseng there with other rare herbs and ingredients. It was a treasure trove of medicinal ingredients. His eyes were popping from the amount stashed over there. Especially for an alchemist like him, he was much more sensitive towards these stuff than Divine Origin Stones.
“Such a great treasure trove. Hahaha a godsent gift from the heavens. Hahaha.”
Jiang Chen’s eyes instantly lit up as he looked into the depths of the valley.
“No! It’s mine!” The Jade-faced Spiritual Fox gritted its teeth and said.
The fox looks like he has forgotten that Jiang Chen was holding his life.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2517 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2518


Chapter 2518
Azure Spirit Pill
“Hahaha, what’s yours is mine and mine, yours. There’s no need to separate things clearly.” Jiang Chen said with a laugh, angering the Jade-faced Spiritual Fox.
The Fox gritted its teeth and said, “Shameless. You humans are despicable. ”
Jiang Chen became an evil man in his eyes. To think he wants to steal my treasures, my 3000 years worth of effort is over there, I needed all of this to cultivate for another 100 years, yet to think he found it.
“The noble one’s epitaph is being noble, being despicable is the working pass of the despicable.” Jiang Chen looked at the Fox with an interesting gaze.
“What noble, despicable, in many ways. You cannot touch my things, otherwise, I’ll bite my own tongue!” The Jade-faced Spiritual Fox threatened.
“Go ahead, die. Wouldn’t the treasures be mine after you die? Plus, my desire for the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart is not that strong, those things are probably better compared to the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart. It’s best not to be too greedy, I am an easily satisfied person. Haha.” Jiang Chen said with a serious expression.
The Jade-faced Spiritual Fox was dumbfounded. He thought the fella would stop if the lead to the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart would be gone, yet this fella’s eyeing on the treasures.
“You…. you…. You’re seriously shameless!”
“I am not such a heartless person, I will only take what I need. I will not clean out your treasury. So, please be obedient, otherwise you’ll lose everything if I get mad.”
“3000 years, my 3000 years worth of savings. How could you… ” Jade-faced Spiritual Fox sighed in grief.
Jiang Chen ran towards the Jade-faced Spiritual Fox’s cave eagerly. The medicinal ingredients over there could easily help him concoct an abundance of pills. Plus, those were all rare herbs of at least a thousand to ten-thousand years old, which are the only things that would interest the fox.
“Hohoho, this is too dazzling. I am too lucky. Hahaha.”
Jiang Chen was extremely elated. This unexpected wealth was akin to the heavens dropping down gold in his doorstep.
“It’s not that your luck is great, it’s just me being f*cking extremely unlucky!” the Jade-faced Spiritual Fox retorted.
However, his life was at the hands of Jiang Chen, he could only silently watch as his treasures got robbed away from his eyes, since it would be useless for him if he’s in a coffin.
“Sixteen 10,000 years old ginseng, perfect. I’ll take 15 and leave the rest to you. I still have a conscience.” Jiang Chen gasped as he took those ginsengs.
These treasures were too attractive, much more than a Divine Origin Stone mine. Plus, these ginsengs were filled with spiritual energy.
A ten-thousand years old ginseng could metamorph into human-form, it’s a pity that the Jade-faced Spiritual Fox dug them out. Nevertheless, even though the herbs couldn’t absorb spiritual energy for nutrients anymore, the fox was proficient in storing these items, ensuring that the energies within the ingredient did not leak.
“This seven 10,000 years old Lingzhi, I’ll also leave one for you. I shouldn’t be too hard on you, after all we’ll see each other more in the future.” Jiang Chen took the Lingzhis and said in a serious tone.
“Shameless! Shameless! Shameless!” the Jade-faced Spiritual Fox gritted his teeth.
I risked my life running across Tianqi Mountain Range to gather them for three thousand years yet it’s gone in a matter of seconds by this devil.
“I don’t want to see you ever again!!” The Jade-faced Spiritual Fox shivered in anger.
“Polygonatum, colorless fig, Azure Spirit Partridge, good stuff. I can concoct an Immortal Grade Azure Spirit Pill with these.”
Jiang Chen was extremely excited. Those ingredients were the core ingredient for the Azure Spirit Pill. He wasn’t confident whether he could succeed in concocting it but having so many ingredients here, was there a worry for him on failing to concoct the Azure Spirit Pill?
The Azure Spirit Pill is a pill that helps increase a cultivation realm of a cultivator. Divine Kings would even treasure it greatly, because it could improve one’s senses and purify one’s divine origin’s energy. It’s just like a mini-Heaven Seizing Fortune Pill but not as heavenly-defying as the Heaven Seizing Fortune Pill as the latter could seize heaven’s fortune.
However, the Azure Spirit Pill wasn’t to be trifled with as it was at least a hundred times stronger than the Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pill. Jiang Chen’s strength would increase if the Azure Spirit Pill was a success. Most importantly, the Azure Spirit Pill could purify one’s divine origin energy and improve one’s sense. This greatly improves one’s battle strength even though the changes were small, as it would be useful in a fierce battle. Especially in the Divine King Realm. How could they resist such temptation? Divine Kings may take more than a thousand years to increase one’s realm and the Azure Spirit Pill had such an effect.
“What? You’re a Master Alchemist?” The Fox’s eyes suddenly widened as he looked at Jiang Chen with disbelief.
“Why? I don’t look like one?” Jiang Chen smiled.
“Can you really concoct the Azure Spirit Pill?” The Jade-faced Spiritual Fox gasped.
He heard of the Azure Spirit Pill, a person once brought the Azure Spirit Pill into the Tianqi Mountain Range and the lord of the Eight Lineages Silver River personally went to hunt for it. That battle was truly one of a kind, and in the end, the winner of that battle gulped down the Azure Spirit Pill after defeating the lord of the Eight Lineages Silver River and other four great experts and left.
“Who knows? Haha, I can try.” Jiang Chen shrugged and said.
“If you can really concoct a Azure Spirit Pill for me… then, I’ll gladly give you all the ingredients,” said the Jade-faced Spiritual Fox in a serious tone as he looked at Jiang Chen with anticipation.
“Little fox, you ought to know how valuable the Azure Spirit Pill is, right? The others may not necessarily trade you a Azure Spirit Pill for all these ingredients. Yeah, you have the ingredients for an Azure Spirit Pill, but can you make them change into pills?” Jiang Chen asked.
The Jade-faced Spiritual Fox’s breath stunted.
He knew that he was being imaginative, not even the lord of the Eight Lineages Silver River could possess a treasure such as the Azure Spirit Pill, lest a little guy like him? Didn’t he gather all these ingredients for the sake of increasing his own strength? Plus, he wouldn’t know how much of them would be wasted, only a handful of them were truly useful for him.
And trading his ingredients for an Azure Spirit Pill? He was definitely indulging in his fantasies.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2518 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2519


Chapter 2519
Pill Lightning Phenomenon, alerting the surrounding
The Jade-faced Spiritual Fox went into silence from Jiang Chen’s words.
Jiang Chen kept collecting the ingredients and the Spiritual Fox’s heart was constantly bleeding. This damned bastard, this is robbery, robbing off all my effort.
In a short while, the Jade-faced Spiritual Fox’s eyes squinted and sneered:
“You gave such a grand statement. I bet you can’t concoct a Azure Spirit Pill, so what if you’re an alchemist? Not even an Immortal Grade Alchemist could concoct the Azure Spirit Pill, it’s success rate is too low, you? Heh, I don’t believe it.”
“It’s useless to goad me, I am those that won’t get provoked. Alright, I’ll give you a single Azure Spirit Pill.” Jiang Chen said with a smile.
Since Jiang Chen wasn’t in a rush, he started making some Supreme Grade Strength Revitalising Pills and some medical pills as practice.
The ingredients were burning under scorching hot fire, the herbal fragrance was filling the air of the valley. The Jade-faced Spiritual Fox took a deep breath as he swam in the sea of herbal fragrance, enjoying it.
Jiang Chen concocted 1000 regeneration pills that could recover divine origin energy in less than an hour. In addition to the 1000 pills used for treating injuries, 1000 pills for soul-damage. All of them were Supreme Grade. At this moment, the Spiritual Fox was dumbfounded, he was awe-struck from his initial doubt, Jiang Chen concocted so many Supreme Grade pills. Maybe, he really can concoct an Immortal Grade pill.
The Jade-faced Spiritual Fox felt that his life was being sucked out from him as his treasures got swept away by Jiang Chen. The once full cave was now empty, and contents filled Jiang Chen’s spatial ring instead.
“Is this fella still human?” Jade-faced Spiritual Fox said.
But the ingredients he lost will never come back. This greedy fella wasn’t devoid of human emotion, he left around 10% of my stuff, but only sub-par stuff that are miles apart from those great treasures.
“Now, it’s time for the Azure Spirit Pill.” Jiang Chen took a deep breath.
He wasn’t sure whether he could succeed, but the ingredients over here were enough to make 10 portions.
“You better not humiliate yourself.”
Although Jiang Chen gave a part of those to him, it was originally his, well… one could say that Jiang Chen indeed was not devoid of human emotion.
“Rest assured. You won’t be disappointed.” Jiang Chen said as he took out the Myriad Qi Cauldron.
The fox felt a great pressure when the Myriad Qi Cauldron was taken out. After all, he was exceptionally sensitive towards heavenly treasures, much more than humans and demonic beasts. His breathing halted when the Myriad Qi Cauldron appeared. Although he doesn’t understand the value of the Myriad Qi Cauldron, he knew that this was not your average treasure. The success rate of concocting pills will surely rise if this cauldron was used!
“Wow… ” Jade-faced Spiritual Fox murmured.
This human is veiled in many mysteries compared to others, such strength and such agility while he concocts those pills… Who in the world could concoct 3000 Supreme Grade pills in less than an hour? This is unbelievable.
Jiang Chen threw the core ingredients into the Myriad Qi Cauldron and injected the Five Elemental True Fire. The precision he had over the fire was masterful, leaving the Jade-faced Spiritual Fox to watch in awe.
Jiang Chen dared not to be reckless as this was his first time concocting the Azure Spirit Pill. It’s fine to fail but he must gain experience from those failures, only then could he reach perfection.
After 2 hours of hard work, the Jade-faced Spiritual Fox was excited but Jiang Chen sighed as it ended in failure. The fox’s eyes were filled with pity although the pill wasn’t his to take, it was truly an exciting sight when a potential Azure Spirit Pill could be born.
The second time, Jiang Chen used 1.5 hours and it still ended as a failure.
The third time, he used an hour and failed too.
The fourth time, he used only half an hour to purify the ingredients in the Myriad Qi Cauldron. At that moment, Jiang Chen became confident as he took in the failures he had earlier and used it to improve his success rate.
Jiang Chen looked up to the sky. A phenomenon appeared when the pill was done, it was the Pill Lightning, he knew that this time he would succeed!
The colour of the sky changed as lightning clouds gathered. Jiang Chen felt pressured, it wasn’t because of the lightning but because this scene would attract countless people towards him. They must’ve thought that the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart would appear at this location and he’ll become the target of it.
I must quickly finish this and leave this place.
Jiang Chen quickened his pace as the lightning formed, alerting the whole Wu Dong Sunset Mountain.
“Look, a phenomenon, looks like the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart’s born.”
“Yeah, that lightning cloud is nothing to scoff at, it must be the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart.”
“Hahaha, I finally found you, Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart.”
“Such a great tremor, let’s go, something must be happening over there, we must get the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart. ”
Countless beasts and humans rushed towards the dark valley where Jiang Chen was in. His heart tightened as he forgot that lightning would form the moment he succeeded in concocting the Azure Spirit Pill, and as a result, attracted the attention of everyone. He’s worried that he’ll get targeted by everyone with the Azure Spirit Pill in his hands.
“Is it near completion?” The Jade-faced Spiritual Fox murmured as he longs for the Azure Spirit Pill, he still didn’t know that countless experts were rushing towards this place.
*Hap!* Jiang Chen shouted.
Ten Azure Spirit Pills came out from the Myriad Qi Cauldron and nine pill lightnings fell from the sky. Jiang Chen withstood the lightnings calmly as it was weaker than the Heavenly Lightning.
At this moment, Jiang Chen quickly added the Tiger Bone Musk into the Azure Spirit Pill, to exponentially increase the effect.
The Azure Spirit Pills were complete as the lightning subsided. At that moment, a strong herbal fragrance filled the air, the Jade-faced Spiritual Fox was shocked as Jiang Chen really succeeded in concocting the Azure Spirit Pill and it’s not just one but ten!!!
The Jade-faced Spiritual Fox gasped, dumbfounded.
“Such a… monster.”
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2519 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2520


Chapter 2520
Ruthless Obliteration
Jiang Chen grabbed an Azure Spirit Pill and flicked it towards the Jade-faced Spiritual Fox.
“Take it, I shouldn’t hoard when I used your ingredients to make them.” Jiang Chen generously said.
The Jade-faced Spiritual Fox was stunned, his expression was filled with disbelief as he trembled.
“Are you… are you saying that this Azure Spirit Pill is for me?” The Spiritual Fox never in his dreams expected Jiang Chen to give him one.
It’s the Azure Spirit Pill that was much sought even by the lord of the Eight Lineages Silver River. This idiot gave me one?!
“I’ll take it back if you don’t want it.” Jiang Chen said.
“Want, want, want, want.” The Jade-faced Spiritual Fox nodded his head in happiness like a woodpecker, shock could clearly be seen in his eyes..
All of my treasures combined couldn’t even compare against a single Azure Spirit Pill. How could he not be excited? This ‘despicable’ human once again amazed the fox. He wasn’t as shameless as it seems.
The Jade-faced Spiritual Fox never had dreamt of this, to think Jiang Chen handed him such a treasured pill. Plus, he even concocted ten of them in a single batch. Batch concoction is not something that could be done by a master alchemist, peerless!
The pill lightning disappeared from the sky and Jiang Chen knew that a group of people was getting near. Countless experts’ aura was closing in, they had to leave this place as soon as possible.
“Sh*t, someone’s here!” The Jade-faced Spiritual Fox shouted in surprise as he grasped the Azure Spirit Pill tightly in his palm, as if it was something much more important than his life.
“You felt it too?” Jiang Chen said indifferently.
“Plus, it’s not just a single person, a hundred over powerful auras are closing in.” The Jade-faced Spiritual Fox was feeling somewhat pressured.
“There isn’t much time, let’s go.” Jiang Chen said as he rushed towards Yu Erniang’s party with the Jade-faced Spiritual Fox.
Jiang Chen broke the party’s illusion with his soul energy, asking them to leave without him.
“You guys leave and I’ll stay back. A bunch of people are closing in.” Jiang Chen said.
“But… you!” Yu Erniang looked at him anxiously.
“Rest assured. I won’t die. With this little fellow here, the living map of theTianqi Mountain Range, I won’t be in danger.” Jiang Chen smiled.
“Let’s go, believe in Jiang Chen, it’s safer to trust him than trust yourself.” Xue Liang said indifferently.
From disdain towards Jiang Chen, to shock and then a bigger shock and finally respect. Jiang Chen was truly a rival to be respected. Xue Liang knew that he’s probably not Jiang Chen’s match now. But the men of the clan shall always pursue the path of supremacy, throwing away all infatuation and love, to live for the sword.
“Alright, we’ll wait for you from a thousand li away.”
Yu Jingfan took Yu Erniang’s hand and left like the wind.
Jiang Chen watched as Yu Erniang’s worried eyes left from his sight.
“An infatuated woman,” the Jade-faced Spiritual Fox smiled and said, pretending to be emotional.
“Do you believe me that I can kill you now and cook up a fox broth?” Jiang Chen stared at the Jade-faced Spiritual Fox. The latter chuckled, not talking back.
He knew that Jiang Chen wouldn’t do such a thing, the moment he handed the Azure Spirit Pill to him, the fox knew that Jiang Chen still had a heart.
There’s no good nor evil from the eyes of demonic beasts. However, one must return a kindness received, a debt must be repaid. Moreover, he wouldn’t have gotten his hands on a Azure Spirit Pill in his whole life. Although the Jade-faced Spiritual Fox wasn’t happy, he genuinely respects Jiang Chen.
But at the next moment, the Jade-faced Spiritual Fox thought that his eyes were playing a trick on him.
Jiang Chen wielded the Heavenly Dragon Sword while commanding 108 Peak Divine Tools and planted a sword formation in the dark valley’s illusory formation.
“What are you planning to do?” the Fox asked.
Jiang Chen did not answer his question. At this moment, he found out that Jiang Chen’s face was extremely cold, like a death-god, that prickling chillness even caused him to shiver.
“It’s here, the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart must be here. Let’s go, let’s go!”
“Hahaha, I’ve finally found it, hoho, such a secluded place.”
“Ain’t that right, I dare say that the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart is here.”
“Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart, its mine!”
“Don’t be so sure about that, your tongue might come off.”
Many more people entered the dark valley, hundreds of them. All of them were pretty strong, the weakest one were at least Late Heavenly Gods, the strongest amongst them were Peak Heavenly Gods. The Half-Step Divine Kings, however, were not present.
Jiang Chen was expressionless as he observed those people walking into the illusion and sword formation with a cold heart.
“Are you thinking of killing…” The Jade-faced Spiritual Fox felt somewhat parched.
Hundreds of Late Heavenly Gods and even Peak experts. Isn’t he afraid? Isn’t he too confident in this sword formation? Plus, these people had no grievance with him, why would he kill them?
The Fox had a lot of questions. However, Jiang Chen was silent. The sun finally set in half an hour and darkness enveloped the whole mountain. But little did they know that a massacre was going to happen in this deep and dark valley.
Jiang Chen slowly closed his eyes and murmured in his heart: Everything ends here.
The Little Ashura Sword Formation instantly enlarged at that moment. Hundreds of Heavenly God experts felt that the sky darkened. The shriek of despair rang loudly as terrifying sword reflections cut across the Little Ashura Sword Formation.
There wasn’t any dead angle. Hundreds of Heavenly Gods died amidst those cold and bloodied screams. It was a bloody scene and the Jade-faced Spiritual Fox went blank watching it. Is this the same temperate human earlier. The one who selflessly gave me the Azure Spirit Pill?
The Jade-faced Spiritual Fox couldn’t understand as he watched those Heavenly Gods experts perish under the sword formation, not being able to fight back. After all, life was such an invaluable thing.
The Jade-faced Spiritual Fox was no ‘good guy’. Yet his heart trembled at such a gruesome scene. He finally saw how powerful Jiang Chen was, not even Half-Step Divine Kings could replicate such a feat, killing hundreds of Heavenly Gods and he could even possibly kill 200-300 Half-Step Divine Kings. Jiang Chen silently killed off hundreds of experts, alone.
The cold and dark valley once again fell into silence.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2520 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2521


Chapter 2521
Another Jade-faced Spiritual Fox
“I am here for the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart. Some of them are just destined to be the stumbling blocks in my way. Those who were saved from the Peach Blossom Formation, their life and death isn’t in their hands anymore as they didn’t own it anymore. Kill them now and I won’t have any worries later on.”
Jiang Chen fixed his gaze at the grand canyon with a smile, looking calm and composed. The Jade-faced Spiritual Fox looked frightened, fear could clearly be seen in his eyes. He thought that he was spiritual enough to be very well-versed about humanity. However, he sunk into despair and confusion once again at this moment.
He was determined and calm when it came to battle, and he’d leave without a trace afterwards.
Jiang Chen had never thought that he would kill innocent people, but some of them were just bound to die and some of them would surely die because of their unrestrained greed. He was just trying to enforce justice on behalf of the heavens. In order to stay on the road to become immortal, killing had to be done without any hesitation. This was the right path.
When Jiang Chen overtook Yu Er’niang and the others, Wu Dong Sunset Mountain fell into silence once again. No one knew what had happened. Jiang Chen returned with a dusty and fatigued body. However, it relieved Yu Er’niang and the rest to see him come back alive.
“There are only less than two days left. Can you lead us to the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart now?”
Jiang Chen gazed at the Jade-faced Spiritual Fox.
“Fine.”
It seemed like the Jade-faced Spiritual Fox was afraid of Jiang Chen. The fox pursed his lips and did not dare refuse. Compared with the mighty strong horrible beasts, Jiang Chen was much more terrifying, making the Jade-faced Spiritual Fox feel frightened.
“The Jade-faced Spiritual Fox seemed lovely and smart.”
Yu Er’niang held the Jade-faced Spiritual Fox in her arms, looking delighted. Every woman would surely be deeply attracted to this white hairy elf.
The Jade-faced Spiritual Fox was hiding in Yu Er’niang’s arms. It seemed to be enjoying Yu Er’niang’s care, and did not dare to glance at Jiang Chen.
Under the guidance of Jade-faced Spiritual Fox, they managed to find a volcanic vent which was concealed. A balmy breeze was coming out from straight ahead, it was refreshing and stimulating.
“This shouldn’t be the place where the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart is located, right?”
Yu Huafan was astonished. The waves of heat were scorching and it seemed like no plants could grow here. How could it be possible for the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart to grow here？
“Something must be wrong.”
Yu Jingfan whispered.
“Little fox, they’re asking you.”
Yu Er’niang pinched its ears and smiled cheerfully.
“I don’t know. However, I could feel a strong spiritual aura here. Over thousands of years, countless beasts had not dared to come near this place as the volcano erupts once every hundred years. But I had picked a Thousand-years Fire Lotus here a hundred years ago.”
The Jade-faced Spiritual Fox said bitterly, showing a hurtful expression.
“Thousand-years Fire Lotus?”
Yu Er’niang and the others heaved a deep sigh. Even the lotus flower was rarely seen, not to mention the Fire Lotus that used to grow on volcanic rock. The Fire Lotus consisted of ten thousand years’ elements. If it was a ten thousand years old beast, then it is supposed to be a Divine King now. However a plant like this would need to absorb greater spiritual aura to transform, so it had taken a hundred thousand years to transform into an elf. It was not a common creature at all.
“How about the Fire Lotus? Did you eat it? I don’t think that you could resist such a strong and boundless power.”
Yu Huafan held his breath and asked nervously.
The Jade-faced Spiritual Fox took a glance at Jiang Chen.
“He just gave it to me as a present.”
Jiang Chen said lightly.
The Jade-faced Spiritual Fox looked at Jiang Chen with a bitter and scornful face. How could you tell them that I gave it to you? You were the one who grabbed my treasured medicinal herbs. What a shameless guy.
Yu Huafan smiled awkwardly. He thought that he could obtain the Thousand-years Fire Lotus from the Jade-faced Spiritual Fox at first but he never expected that Jiang Chen had already taken it.
“I wonder how many entrances are here? Is this place accessible from all directions? Where should we go to find the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart?
Xue Liang said with a frown. They realized that it was not the only entrance when they entered the cave.
“I am not sure. But I knew that it is the most likely place where the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart grows.”
The Jade-faced Spiritual Fox said, lying comfortably in Yu Er’niang arms once again.
“There are more than hundreds of entrances to the volcanic cave and each of them are accessible. However, only one of them can access the crater of the volcano.”
Jiang Chen asserted.
“Are you thinking of entering the volcanic cave through the crater of the volcano? No. That’s too dangerous.”
Yu Er’niang raised her eyes, and said in a low voice. Even though the volcano hadn’t exploded yet and spouted lava, it did not mean that it was safe for them to enter the volcanic cave.
“Then what should we do now? How can we find the entrance to access the inmost recesses of the volcanic cave? And we aren’t even sure if the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart would be there at all.”
“Hold on.”
The Jade-faced Spiritual Fox said suddenly. All of them held their breaths and looked at the fox quietly. The Jade-faced Spiritual Fox closed his eyes tightly and tried to feel the aura of the surrounding. He could feel the changes in the volcanic cave once again.
“The Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart must be here. I can feel that the spiritual aura in the volcanic cave was being engulfed rapidly, like the towering trees blotting out the sky and covering the sun.”
The Jade-faced Spiritual Fox murmured.
“You’re right. That is the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart! An ancient vine that reaches for the sky.
The Jade-faced Spiritual Fox mentioned it again with certainty. He opened his eyes immediately, spurting a mouthful of blood, and the blood fell upon on its white hair. The fox looked truly strange and eerie.
“What’s going on?”
Jiang Chen asked in a deep voice.
“I am defeated by a kind of spiritual power. I can feel that there is an invisible huge eyes gazing at me coldly, and I suffered injuries all of a sudden .”
The Jade-faced Spiritual Fox said in a weak voice, his eyes were full of fear and astonishment.
“Do you mean that it caught a glimpse of you？”
Jiang Chen asked.
“Correct, the invisible eyes felt real.”
The Jade-faced Spiritual Fox was still suffering from the shock of those eyes.
“Since you said it is here, we should stop hesitating and take action.”
Jiang Chen finished his words and took the lead. The Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart was most likely in the volcanic cave.
“Is it possible to find the real cave?”
Jiang Chen fed the Jade-faced Spiritual Fox a pill to recover and asked.
The Jade-faced Spiritual Fox felt relaxed and relieved, almost fully recovered. He looked at Jiang Chen with eyes filled with gratitude and appreciation.
“I will try my best.”
The Jade-faced Spiritual Fox jumped out of Yu Er’niang’s arms and went to the head of the line.
Jiang Chen and the rest followed behind.
They had travelled a rough and winding road for two hours, feeling burnt, extremely exhausted and thirsty. It felt like they were dehydrated.
“I think we will definitely become roasted dried meat if we keep walking like this.”
Yu Huafan sighed and wiped off the sweat on his face.
Yu Er’niang glanced at Jiang Chen, sweat covering her face. Everyone was sweating and suffering except Jiang Chen. He was not afraid of the heat at all and his clothes were not soaked with sweat. Even strong experts like them could not withstand the hot and dry weather and felt suffocated. However, Jiang Chen looked totally fine, which made them feel shocked.
The Five Elemental True Fire in Jiang Chen’s body was known as the most terrifying true fire in the universe. The heat that they felt now was just totally incomparable with it. He would not be afraid even he was burning in flames.
At this moment, the Jade-faced Spiritual Fox was looking at another Jade-faced Spiritual Fox in front of them.
He exclaimed in shock.
“Little Jade!”
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2521 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2522


Chapter 2522
Red-clothed Thirteen House
The Jade-faced Spiritual Fox exclaimed in shock, giving Jiang Chen and the others a shock. The other Jade-faced Spiritual Fox caught their eyes as well. It also proved that they were not the only one who found this place by following the Jade-faced Spiritual Fox. There could be others coming here with bad intentions.
“Who is Little Jade?”
Yu Er’niang asked.
“She is the one I admire. She is just perfect, pure, highly spiritual, smart and lovely, kind and gentle, and ……”
The Jade-faced Spiritual Fox closed his eyes, losing himself in the imagination like a young guy falling in love. He stretched out the corners of his mouth, full of happiness.
“If we can’t catch up to her now, I am sure that your fox princess who is perfect, pure, brilliant and kind will definitely become a puppet, falling into the wrong hands.”
Jiang Chen sneered.
The Jade-faced Spiritual Fox opened his eyes suddenly and a light bulb went off in his head. He realized that Little Jade could possibly be in danger now. Luckily, Jiang Chen had awakened him and roused himself from his imagination.
“Hurry up!”
The Jade-faced Spiritual Fox went after Little Jade swiftly .
“It seems like we are not the first to enter this volcanic cave.”
Yu Jingfan murmured. At this moment, they were convinced that the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart was here for sure.
“We must hurry up. Or else, we will be beaten by someone.”
Yu huafan said and all of them ran behind the Jade-faced Spiritual Fox.
Jiang Chen chased after the Jade-faced Spiritual Fox. He could feel that there were two formidable powers entering this volcanic cave. Even though the cave was rough, narrow and ever changing, they still managed to come to a flaming area under the guidance of the Jade-faced Spiritual Fox. There were countless flames roaring up from the bottom, leaping out of the light beams, and soaring to the sky. Ten-meter high lava spurt out from the volcano. It calmed down after spewing out several fire columns, accompanied with flows of hot magma, turning into ashes eventually.
In each meter, there were flaming holes which were around one meter wide. Millions of hot spots were glaring and dazzling. Jiang Chen and the rest were moving cautiously. The fire spot was a hundred meters high with a pale smoke drifting over the top, and the air was extremely thin.
“It’s burning here. I feel like being roasted by the heat.”
Yu Huafan rolled his eyes, breathing heavily.
“Jiang Chen, how could you still look fine?”
Yu Huafan looked around. All of them were covered with sweat, even the Jade-faced Spiritual Fox was pouring with sweat. His white fur which previously stood on its end, laid flat on his body now.
“Have you ever heard of the saying ‘curiosity killed the cat’?”
Jiang Chen asked lightly.
“You……Oh, cut it out. I won’t bother arguing with you.” Yu Huafan said in disdain.
However, he was truly astonished about the secret of Jiang Chen. Jiang Chen had saved their lives from the Peach Blossom Formation and helped them get rid of the illusion. He knew that Jiang Chen was certainly not spiteful, however, he felt uncomfortable being kept in the dark.
“It’s strange, I can’t sense Little Jade’s aura anymore.”
The Jade-faced Spiritual Fox anxiously said.
Jiang Chen tried to feel the aura around them but nothing was found. As the heat wave in the deepest side of magma was boiling furiously, what he could feel was just the terrifying heat.
“Someone is coming.”
Jiang Chen whispered and all of them looked back. As expected, there was someone approaching them—a lady with long hair and dressed in red clothes. She looked cold and gloomy with her long and narrow eyes. Her thin lips looked wicked and malicious. She was pretty and also seductive—a femme fatale. And there were four other women with outstanding appearance and extraordinary strength, fixing their glance on them silently. Their eyes were filled with cruelty and hardness with cold and strong killing intent. It was in sharp contrast with the growing flames of the volcanic cave.
“Are you guys looking for her?”
The red-clothed woman asked lightly. Her hand was squeezing the neck of Little Jade who was nearly fading away, a deadly coldness plastered her face.
“Hey, crazy lady! What have you done to Little Jade? I will never let you off easily.”
The Jade-faced Spiritual Fox gnashed, showing his aggressiveness and ferocity. He felt pain and suffering upon seeing Little Jade being hurt.
“You’re such a despicable guy, do you think you could take a slice of the cake here? This is not a place for everyone.”
The red-clothed woman sneered.
“She has completed her mission, you can take her back.”
The red-clothed woman threw Little Jade, falling into the holes with glowing flames which were boiling with hot magma. At this moment, the Jade-faced Spiritual Fox was dumbfounded at her action as he had never expected that the woman in red to be viciously evil.
“Little Jade!”
The Jade-faced Spiritual Fox released an ear-shattering roar. Jiang Chen disappeared instantly without the notice of the red-clothed woman.
Under the shield of the Five Elemental True Fire, Jiang Chen jumped into the depths of magma and snatched Little Jade out of the jaws of death at the critical moment. Then, Jiang Chen fed her with two elixirs which was enough for her to barely survive.
“Killing without batting an eyelid. You’re such an old witch.”
Jiang Chen was calm as he held Little Jade in his arms and walked out of the cave slowly.
All of them were shocked, including the red-clothed woman as they had never thought that Jiang Chen would be able to do that. An Early Heavenly God Realm like him could save a beast under their very nose. This only showed that his strength should not be underestimated.
The Jade-faced Spiritual Fox held the claws of Little Jade tightly, showing a shade of anxiety in his eyes. However, he felt relieved after seeing her narrowly escaping from death. Without the help of Jiang Chen, Little Jade would have died. The Jade-faced Spiritual Fox gazed at Jiang Chen in astonishment. He was the life savior of Little Jade, it was like saving his life as well. Even though Jiang Chen’s real identity and strength still remained unknown like a mystery, he had gained a great deal of respect and admiration from the Jade-faced Spiritual Fox.
“Little Jade, wake up.”
Little Jade had been trampled terribly by the red-clothed lady and was still in critical condition.
She could finally wake up under the help of Jiang Chen.
“Little Ice? Am I dead?”
Little Jade asked in a weak voice, she could barely open her eyes.
“No, you aren’t dead and I will never let you die. It’s fine even if you don’t like me, but I promised to protect you for the rest of my life.”
The Jade-faced Spiritual Fox held Little Jade tightly. Even though his body was warm, his heart was cold. He hated himself for being incompetent and weak, he could not even save the one he loved from danger.
The red-clothed lady narrowed her eyes and said coldly.
“It’s merely a beast. I can just kill it whenever I wish. What can you do to me?”
“Life and death lies in the lap of the gods. How dare you decide the life and death of others randomly?”
Jiang Chen said calmly.
“Because I am strong enough. You guys are too adorable. But you should not stay here, I am warning you guys to leave here before it is too late. Or else, don’t be regretful when you lose your life later. Hahaha”
The red-clothed woman was playing with her long hair, covering her mouth while laughing. There was a hidden killing intent on the air.
“If I am not mistaken, you’re from the ten greatest sects, Qilian Region, the people of the Red-clothed Thirteen House?”
Yu JingFan said in a deep voice.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2522 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2523


Rooted in the Magma
The red-clothed lady squinted her eyes.
“Seems like you are quite knowledgeable. However, how dare you butt in even after knowing about it?”
The red-clothed lady looked contemptuous, totally disregarding Yu Jingfan and the others. Except for Yu Jingfan, the others’ cultivation realm were all so low that she could even kill them in a flash. Being the eighth host of the Red-Clothed Thirteen House, Hong Yan was extremely confident in herself. Although they were both at the Half-step Divine King Realm, she knew that Yu Jingfan was not her match. Yu Jingfan had just advanced, on the other hand, she had been a Half-step Divine King for more than a hundred years.
One could easily tell who was superior even without thinking too much.
“You know the reason why we are here as well. If one doesn’t dare to step in here, how could he talk about fighting for the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart. I believe that you have already stayed at the Wu Dong Sunset Mountain for a long while, so you should know that we won’t just leave without getting anything. Lady, are you so naive to think that we will take a step back after arriving here?”
Yu Jingfan remained silent after speaking those words, looking cold but fearless. He stared at Hong Yan without blinking his eyes.
“You’re forcing me to take action now but I am afraid that you don’t have the capability to deal with my attack.”
Hong Yan smiled coldly and took action immediately. She was filled with soaring anger, sending out a palm strike. Yu Jingfan was shocked but was able to remain calm. In an instant, he countered Hong Yan’s attack with his blazing sword. At the next moment, Hong Yan turned around and stared at Yu Jingfan. She started feeling solemn because she never expected that this guy would be this powerful. It was really startling. Although he just broke through to the Half-step Divine King Realm, he was already capable of fighting her.
Hong Yan was going to test his true colour. If they were almost at the same level of strength, of course she would not take any action at this moment because that would only let others take the advantage while they were fighting.
“I am going to see how far you can go. Hehehe.”
Hong Yan turned her body around and her smile was filled with ridicule and contempt. It was not the moment for her to take any action yet.
“Haha, it looks really lively here. I thought I was late but it seems like I am actually not.”
A red-haired man appeared in the volcanic cave with another Jade-faced Spiritual Fox. A white-haired man stood beside him closely. Both of them released the aura of a Half-step Divine King. Their strength definitely could not be underestimated.
Jiang Chen squinted his eyes, realizing that they were not the first to find the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart.
“Eighth Lady, it has been a while since we last met. I hope you’re doing well. Haha. I really miss you all these days.”
The red-haired young man said in an equivocal tone.
“I can’t believe that even the master of Eight Lineages Silver River is interested in the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart too?”
Hong Yan’s eyes looked solemn as the two men were not simple figures. In the past, these men, who are followers of the master of Eight Lineages Silver River, came out from Tian Qi Mountain Range to send their birthday wishes to her house master before. They had met once before. These two were one of the four great guardians of the Eight Lineages Silver River. This showed that the master of Eight Lineages Silver River must be really determined to get the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart.
“Of course, our master loves the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart, otherwise, he would not order us to come here. He would’ve come here herself if our young master is not holding a wedding right now. If that was the case, who could compete with her for the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart? It’s the treasure of the Tian Qi Mountain Range, so it belongs to the Eight Lineages Silver River. Don’t you agree with me, Eighth Lady?”
The second great guardian, Fei Ying, squinted his eyes and looked at Hong Yan. He also scanned through Jiang Chen and the others quickly, but he was not afraid of any of them at all. For him, the hardest person to deal with was Hong Yan, the eighth master of the house.
“It’s the treasure of nature as it was born from nature. Since when has it become the thing that belongs to the Eight Lineages Silver River? Hahaha. What a joke! What a coincidence that it’s our house masters’ birthday soon and our master really wants the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart as well. Don’t you think that you should show your kindness and give me a chance to get it”
“You definitely are joking. It’s a treasure and whoever is capable would of course get it with their own capability. How about let’s see who is going to get it at the end?”
The third guardian Xiong Zhan said loudly, obviously their conversation has come to an end.
Hong Yan shrugged her shoulder, looking extremely sexy and seductive.
“Those who are irrelevant to our business, get out of here immediately! Otherwise, I will kill everyone here.”
Xiong Zhan said ruthlessly while looking at Yu Jingfan. He knew that it would bring them no benefits at all if he took action now because Yu Jingfan was also a Half-step Divine King. It was not that easy to kill a Half-step Divine King.
“Thanks for reminding me.”
Yu Jingfan smiled faintly while looking completely calm. Even though the great guardians were present, they could not do anything to scare them off because everyone was greatly tempted by the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart.
“Let’s go, brother. Ignore these weak people.”
Fei Ying looked arrogant and he continued to walk forward with Xiong Zhan. The flaming arena was full of uncertainty as no one knew what kind of crisis was hiding there.
Looking at the two great guardians of Eight Lineages Silver River and Hong Yan, Yu Jingfan felt more pressured now.
“It’s really difficult to deal with the two of them. We know how useful the Jade-faced Spiritual Fox is in searching for the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart. Of course it’s impossible for the master of Eight Lineages Silver River not to know about this.”
“It’s going to be a hard battle.”
Jiang Chen said with a smile.
“How can you still smile.”
Yu Er’niang rolled her eyes at Jiang Chen. However, Yu Huafan felt that she was like a little girl who was angry at her lover. He heaved a sigh of relief while looking at her sister who had grown up.
“We will just fight whatever comes to us. They are stronger than us, but does that mean we have to retreat? If we don’t fight until the end, we will never know who will win eventually.”
Jiang Chen said.
“Right now we can’t be reckless and we must be extremely careful. The great guardians and the people of the Red-clothed Thirteen House are our greatest enemy right now. We can only observe the situation before taking any action. There are no other people coming into the volcanic cave yet, so we must take our chance. None of them would simply take action as well.”
Yu Jingfan said while looking extremely serious. He led everyone, moving forward step by step. With his Half-step Divine King realm strength, he actually had the mightiness and leadership skill.
Jiang Chen and the others continued walking in the flaming arena. When they came into the middle of the arena, they noticed an enormous hollow square which was around a hundred metres wide. It had collapsed and was full of burning magma. However, there was a thin ancient vine growing up at the center of the square. The ancient vine reached the top of the square, reaching the roof of the square as if it was the backbone supporting the entire volcanic cave.
Who would believe that the ancient vine was rooted in the magma?
The ancient vine was not burnt by the magma at all and it was like an ancient tree standing in the giant volcanic cave. It was truly astonishing!
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2523 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2524


Getting the Seeds Out of the Fire
Jiang Chen stared silently at the ancient vine. It seemed like an old man who had passed through a long procession of years and already had one foot in the grave. However, it remained lofty and overbearing, which made them feel completely at ease and refreshed. Just by standing beside the ancient vine, even their heart regained serenity and remained peaceful.
“It’s the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine!”
Everyone was amazed that Hong Yan from the Red-clothed Thirteenth House and the two greatest guardians of Eight Lineages Silver River were here. However, all of them stayed still and dared not to move as none of them knew the exact position of the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart.
“This is the real Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine!” Yu Jingfan whispered.
Everyone held their breath. Although they found the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine, where exactly was the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart located? Each of them were confused, plunging deep into thought. Even the two greatest guardians, Fei Ying and Xiong Zhan had no clue about it.
“Where is the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart?”
Xiong Zhan murmured, wearing a frown on his face.
“No one knew where the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart was located, however, it should have grown along with the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine for sure. The master mentioned that the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart was extremely difficult to find. And it was snatched by a mighty strong demon ten thousands years ago.”
Fei Ying said with a dignified look.
“I believe that the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart hasn’t ripened completely. Otherwise, there will be a heaven-shaking and earth-shattering phenomena in the entire universe. I think the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart should be in this volcanic cave.”
Hong Yan murmured. However, none of them gave a response.
“Jiang Chen, where do you think the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart is located?’
Yu Jingfan looked at Jiang Chen.
“I don’t know. Since it’s a spiritual treasure that only appears every ten thousand years, I think it should have intelligence and spirituality. No one knew how long the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine had been here.”
Jiang Chen was not sure if the spiritual creature, Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine, had existed for more than ten thousand years. Compared to the thousand-year ginseng root and thousand year Ganoderma lucidum, the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine had existed for many years. It would be a tough task to find the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart.
“I doubt that this Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart has grown legs.”
Fei Ying squinted eyes slightly, watching the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine with a confused and doubtful look. None of them knew where the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart was.
The Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine had its roots under the boiling magma. It was unbelievable that the ancient vine was immortal and non-combustible as well. Even the heat of the magma was not a threat to it.
Boom……!
A tremendous noise and an ear-spitting explosion was heard, making everyone feel that their scalp were stabbed with pins and needles. The holes that surrounded the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine spewed out balls of light, and the light kept bursting constantly in the air, sending its rays in all directions. It was truly destructive and terrifying. Yu Jingfan tried to resist it with one hand, intending to protect Jiang Chen and the others. He could not help but resist with all his strength even though he was already a Half-step Divine King. The exploding ball of light was too terrifying and dangerous, it even forced a Half-step Divine King to struggle between life and death.
“Brother, watch out!”
Yu Er’niang was both scared and worried. Neither the people of the Red-clothed Thirteen House or Fei Ying dared to treat it lightly at this moment. They tried hard to dodge the terrifying explosive balls of light constantly. The magma was totally bursting and the volcanic cave was torn apart. Sounds of explosion continuously rang out in the underground while the entire mountain range was shaken by the explosion, trembling and shattering.
At this moment, thousands of people rushed to the volcanic cave when they saw the continuous explosion.
“It’s here. Hurry up before it is too late!”
“Finally, the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart is moving?”
“Haha. No one can defeat me. The Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart is mine.”
Numerous powerful experts were surging forward, leaping up to the sky. The volcanic cave suddenly became a place where the experts assembled in Wu Dong Sunset mountain.
“Is it going to collapse? We will definitely be swallowed by the magma if the cave collapses.”
Yu Huafan looked anxious.
“There’s no smoke without fire. I guess the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart will appear soon.”
Jiang Chen whispered under his breath. He believed that it was an important sign which preceded the birth of the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart.
“Look, what is that?”
Xue Liang frowned. He saw four scoop-shaped black seeds that were as big as the palm of one’s hand floating above the magma. However, it was strange that it did not even melt or sunk into the magma.
“Those black scoop-shaped seeds are unusual.”
Yu Jingfan said, looking serious. At the same time, Fei Ying and the others also noticed the four black seeds that were floating above the magma.
“Could it be the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart?”
Yu Er’niang was shocked and everyone had fallen into confusion. However, they could not be sure that those four black seeds were Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart. If it was real, it meant that there were four of them.
“We must get those black seeds.”
Jiang Chen asserted.
“Those balls of light keep exploding and we are all surrounded by danger now. Since I am unable to summon and create a copy of myself, you guys should go and get those black seeds.”
Yu Jingfan stated.
“I will get it then.”
Yu Huafan made up his mind. Even though he was at the peak of the Heavenly God Realm, which was only one step away from the Half-step Divine King realm, he felt perturbed in his heart and hesitated. However, he has no other choice as he was bound to get the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart.
“Fifth brother!”
“Don’t worry. I will definitely get it and no one could restrain me from obtaining the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart.”
Yu Huafan jumped into the holes. Unfortunately, his entire body was already covered with wounds when he tried to reach for those black seeds. The moment he touched one of the black seeds successfully, he had already suffered a serious injury and his divine strength was nearly exhausted in an instant. He failed to resist the glowing heat of magma.
It was like pulling chestnuts out of the fire. It was a matter of life and death for them. They would lose their lives if they made the slightest mistake.
“Ah……”
Yu Huafan shouted in pain. His whole body was suffering in the burning magma, and it was truly miserable for him.
“No way. The heat of the magma is exceedingly horrifying, it is not the common magma for sure.”
Yu Huafan’s face turned pale, looking totally frightened. If he stayed in the volcanic holes for one more second, he would have lost his arm.
Meanwhile, both Hong Yan and Fei Ying struck out and drilled into the holes swiftly. In just the twinkling of an eye, each of them returned with one black seed, looking dignified.
“The magma is really terrifying and mysterious, as well as those black seeds.”
Fei Ying narrowed his eyes slightly, holding a black seed which was boiling hot in his hand. The moment that he determined to grab the second seed, he was thoroughly defeated by the fire waves. It was already fortunate that he was able to retreat without suffering an injury.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2524 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2525


Showing Weakness to the Enemy
Hong Yan felt the same. They both could sense how this black seed seemed extraordinary. It now beacme impossible for them to fight for the remaining seeds.
Jiang Chen followed behind tightly. Yu Huafan’s failure showed how terrifying this cave was. Hong Yan and Fei Ying did not dare to be reckless. When they wanted to make an attempt again, Jiang Chen had already gotten a piece of the black seed. At this moment, Jiang Chen saw a black shadow flashed like the lighting. He could not see any trace of that figure at all. Initially, he wanted to get the remaining two pieces of those black seeds, yet the other one was grabbed by that black figure.
“Ish! Who are you.”
Jiang Chen turned around and was about to leave the cave. He sensed the glance of the black figure, somewhat sensing that it was very familiar. However, he couldn’t recall when he sensed that before.
When Jiang Chen left the cave, Xiong Zhan was already close to him, pressing against him in order to get the black seed.
At this moment, Xue Liang immediately took action and made a strike with his sword. Xiong Zhan was repulsed. Fei Ying and Hong Yan were shocked as they never expected that Jiang Chen who was only an Early Heavenly God was able to get one of the black seeds from the cave while the Late Heavenly God failed to do so. When Xiong Zhan wanted to grab the seed, he was then repulsed by a Late Heavenly God. These guys looked like they had a very weak cultivation realm, however, their actions did not seem so.
Xiong Zhan and Xue Liang exchanged a glance, even Yu Jingfan was incomparably shocked. Xue Liang was so formidable that he was able to effortlessly make Xiong Zhan retreat. Was this the combat strength of a Late Heavenly God? Both Jiang Chen and Xue Liang looked extremely mysterious and they were really formidable.
“Clap* Clap* Clap*”
“Well done. What a young and powerful man. Haha, I like it. Young guy, if you want to submit yourself to my Eight Lineages Silver River, I will definitely recommend you to our master.”
Fei Ying smiled and said while clapping.
“What is this Eight Lineages Silver River? Why would I want to submit to you?”
Jiang Chen said coldly.
“Do you know who you are talking to? Lad? What kind of place is our Eight Lineages Silver River? It’s not a place for random people to join. I saw that you’re quite talented, however, you don’t know how to appreciate it. What a waste.”
Fei Ying said faintly, totally not putting Jiang Chen in his eyes at all. At this moment, killing intent blossomed in his heart.
“Hahaha. Don’t be so fake, Fei Ying. If he doesn’t have the black seed, would you have recommended him? Recruiting talented people? I think you just wanted the black seed.”
Hong Yan gave Fei Ying a disdainful glance.
“You’re the first person who dared to go against me. Let me see how strong you are!”
Fei Ying took a step forward, sending out a palm strike towards Jiang Chen.
Jiang Chen stepped backwards, his eyes looking cold. He made a counterattack against Fei Ying’s strike. Jiang Chen was repulsed and his face looked terrible while his mouth spurted out some blood. However, the black seed was still protected well by Jiang Chen and Fei Ying failed to get it.
“Rubbish!”
Fei Ying smiled coldly and looked at Jiang Chen in disdain.
“You won’t be able to live more than three days after being poisoned by my Five Poisionous Bone Palm.”
Yu Er’niang’s countenance fell, and looked at Jiang Chen anxiously.
“Are you okay? Jiang Chen.”
Being the second great guardian of Eight Lineages Silver River, he was unpredictable and his strength as a Half-step Divine King was overbearing. Moreover, it’s known that a Half-step Divine King Realm beast was much more powerful than a Half-step Divine King Realm human. Although Jiang Chen was quite strong, how could he be a match to Fei Ying? Yu Er’niang was really worried and even her fifth brother, Yu Huafan, was jealous. A moment before, when he was injured, she did not seem this worried.
“It’s a powerful palm strike.”
Jiang Chen acted like he was suffering to show his weakness to his opponent.
Actually, that palm strike was unable to hurt him at all. The reason he acted like this was to show the one hiding in the dark that he was weak. Who was that black figure? Why was he here, did he come for him or for the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart?
He really had no idea who the black figure was. In this volcanic cave, it’s better for him to hide his true strength. Since Fei Ying had given him a chance just now, of course he was happy to continue the acting.
For Fei Ying, he did not care about Jiang Chen at all, nor sending another palm strike because of his identity and Jiang Chen’s strength. He had only used seventy percent of his strength just now when he attacked Jiang Chen.
“It’s your pleasure to die under my strike. You could only blame your conceitedness. Young man, there is still a long way to go in your life. If you have submitted to my Eight Lineages Silver River willingly, I wouldn’t need to preach you all of these things.”
Fei Ying said firmly as if he was very righteous.
“Give me the black seed and I might spare you a life. The Eight Lineages Silver River is not a place you can offend. If you want to stay alive, come here!”
“The black seed is here, if you want to get it, just come over here.”
Jiang Chen looked like he was suffering while looking at Fei Ying coldly, playing with the black seed in his hand.
“Do you really want me to kill you right now? I have already tried to show you mercy.”
Fei Ying looked irritated. However, there was a Half-step Divine King Realm expert beside Jiang Chen. So, Fei Ying was very clear that it would not be easy to kill Jiang Chen as well.
“Don’t worry, I won’t die yet.”
Jiang Chen showed a smile on his face and looked at Yu Er’niang who was looking very worried right now.
“You must not die!”
Yu Er’ninag said while gritting her teeth. She held Jiang Chen’s hands tightly and even her nails pricked into Jiang Chen’s flesh.
“It hurts…..”
Jiang Chen said.
“Where does it hurt?”
“My hands…”
Yu Er’niang then realised that she had unconsciously injured Jiang Chen. She blushed and her heart beat very quickly. She did not expect that she was the one to hurt Jiang Chen.
Jiang Chen looked at the black seed and he was stunned for a second. The black seed was like a burning sun as it was very hot. It was around a palm size and he had no clue at all what it was.
“What’s this thing.”
Jiang Chen wondered.
At this moment, there were many people arriving in the volcanic cave. All of them looked thrilled and anxious as they wanted to go into the cave as soon as possible. However, not everyone was able to step into the volcanic cave. Most of them had lost their direction inside the cave that was full of twists and turns. It was impossible for them to come into the flaming arena without the guidance of a Jade-faced Spiritual Fox
“Hahaha, Fei Ying, I can’t believe that you have become more and more outstanding these days. You are fighting against a young Early Heavenly God. I am really impressed!”
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2525 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2526


Great Demons gathered
A ringing, albeit sarcastic laugh was heard, a fat man suddenly appeared from the sky with an unsteady footwork.
“Zhu Ri, to think that you’re here too.” Fei Ying’s eyes became cold.
This Zhu Ri was also a Half-Step Divine King, the boar king of the Tianqi Mountain Range. He had saved the young master’s life in the past, hence he’s not under the command of the Eight Lineages Silver River. One who was aloof, an outlier, the master cared not to bother against this one, hence this fella became cocky.
Zhu Ri was on the same level as Fei Ying. There were around 10 of them that were Half-Step Divine Kings in the Tianqi Mountain Range and not all of them serve the Eight Lineages Silver River. Some rogue demonic beasts do not like to be shackled, hence they do not like to group up with those of the Eight Lineages Silver River.
“Why can’t I be here when you’re here? Hmph.” Zhu Ri harrumphed.
“Your pig nose is pretty sharp, to think you got here this fast.”
“It’s just that some people are just too shameless, therefore, I’m here to set things straight. If one doesn’t take care of one’s reputation, the Eight Lineages Silver River will decline in the future. Haha.”
“Zhu Ri, don’t think that you can disrespect the Eight Lineages Silver River after saving the young master once. No need for the master to act, I alone am enough to kill you.”  Fei Ying shouted.
“Kill me? Hahaha, aren’t you a naive one, you dare face me now? Aren’t you afraid of the others? You’re smarter than an ape, you wouldn’t be the first to act. Boy, this one here is just a fox exploiting a tiger’s might. However, he’s afraid after seeing this ol’ boar. Hahaha.” Zhu Ri looked at Jiang Chen and said proudly.
Jiang Chen smiled. This ol’ boar is pretty interesting, totally not afraid of the Eight Lineages Silver River, looks like their history runs deep. 
However, Zhu Ri stated an honest fact, further infuriating Fei Ying. He certainly will not be the first to act, otherwise, he will be pushed to the corner by others.
“Damned pig, this place is rowdy. I, He Ba, has come.”
An old man wearing a white robe with a skinny figure and sunken eyes appeared. Another force other than the Eight Lineages Silver River has appeared.
“He Ba! You’re pretty sharp.” Zhu Ri said in a weird tone.
At this moment, Fei Ying, Hong Yan and Yu Jingfan’s expression became heavy. The pressure increased as more people came.
Jiang Chen squinted his eyes. The more the better, so that I can snatch it away during the chaos. 
“Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart, appearing once every ten thousand years. It is the gift from the heavens and we have the chance to obtain it, to be born in this era, to see the rare Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart. This, by itself is a great fortune. How could I, He Ba, not be here?” He Ba said with an indifferent smile, his long white hair dancing with the wind, his deep, energetic eyes gaze with clarity.
He Ba’s original form was an immortal crane, possessing great cultivation. However, he had already lived for several thousand years, although his expression was one of aloofness, to not be tied with the matters of the material world, he’s probably the one who needed the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart the most, to extend his lifespan, to breakthrough, this was his only hope and the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart could give him that opportunity.
“This Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart, looks like it really attracted quite a number of them.” Xue Liang said as he looked at the surroundings coldly.
All of them were Half-Step Divine Kings, one stronger than the other. Even the four behind Hong Yan were Peak Heavenly Gods, those who could stand before this place were the capable and powerful ones. It won’t be easy to win in this battle. This would certainly  be a harsh battle.
Yu Erniang was getting anxious. Only Third Brother has a chance against these fellas. The others couldn’t hope to stand up against them, especially Jiang Chen. Sometimes he’s an invincible hero, yet sometimes, he’s like a frail baby. 
Yu Erniang was feeling extremely worried. Because this Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart was extremely important for them, for the Yu Clan. Otherwise, she wouldn’t have followed her Third and Fifth Brother to travel such a long distance just to come here.
Yu Erniang would even risk and bet her own life for the sake of the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart yet it may not be enough.
Jiang Chen grasped the black seed tightly as if this seed was really something special. Possibly linked to the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart.
“Looks like this Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart has even attracted the guys from the Qilian Region. I wonder how many will perish this time. A disaster happening one after another, haven’t you guys learned your lesson?” A handsome looking man suddenly appeared on the scene. One could even mistake him as a woman.
His voice was majestic, like the wind brewing during the spring.
His eyes were sometimes cold, tender, murderous, and sometimes pretty like a blossoming flower. Jiang Chen was shocked when he first laid his eyes on him. This person was too pretty, he could even bring a whole country down if he was  born as a girl. He was as pretty as Yan Qingcheng and Yan Chenyu. Jiang Chen could only sigh as this person was much more handsome than him.
Such beauty shocked everyone, no matter if it were men or women.
This person felt Jiang Chen’s gaze and looked back at Jiang Chen.
“This fella, why does it feel like he knows me, that gaze of his has a tinge of grievance…” 
Jiang Chen couldn’t understand what’s happening, what’s the scariest thing in the world? It’s the unknown. Jiang Chen had confidence in facing anyone, however, he wasn’t confident against this person, to win against this person, perhaps, he does not even have the will to fight him.
“As beautiful as an angel, as perfect as a jade, divine, perfect.”
“Feng Qiuhuang, is that him? Didn’t he perish ten thousand years ago?”
“Impossible! Feng Qiuhuang is immortal, a symbol of the Tianqi Mountain Range, Feng Qiuhuang is a faith, humans or demonic beasts of the Tianqi Mountain Range respect Feng Qiuhuang greatly.”
“Is this real? Isn’t he a myth? Could this Feng Qiuhuang… Am I witnessing a legend?”
No matter if it was He Ba or Zhu Ri, or even Fei Ying, all of them were in deep shock.  Everyone was shocked by Feng Qiuhuang’s appearance. Worship, reverence, Jiang Chen felt the uniqueness of the Tianqi Mountain Range after Feng Qiuhuang’s appearance.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2526 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2527


“I, Jiang Chen, have never seen such a demonic existence.” Jiang Chen slightly squinted his eyes as he gazed at Feng Qiuhuang. As if he’s looking at his own heart.
“You’re not afraid of me, but you’re backing off because you don’t know how terrifying I am.”
Jiang Chen trembled at Feng Qiuhuang’s words, feeling extremely weird about it.
“Who are you?” Jiang Chen said.
“I’ve heard that Feng Qiuhuang is the belief of the Tianqi Mountain Range, a symbol. The Tianqi Mountain Range exists for Feng Qiuhuang. As for what? nobody knows.” Yu Jingfan said as he looked at Jiang Chen, feeling the same shock. The appearance of Feng Qiuhuang was like a warning to everyone.
“I shall kill those who stand before me no matter if it’s God or Buddha, all shall perish! The Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart is mine!” Yu Jingfan said coldly.
He’s not born from the Tianqi Mountain Range, hence, he’s not afraid of the Tianqi Mountain Range’s symbol and belief.
“Yeah, this old one is going to die, there’s nothing holding me back. This battle is for the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart, not even Feng Qiuhuang can stop me.” He Ba said with a slight smile.
“Feng Qiuhuang, Feng Qiuhuang… ” Jiang Chen murmured.
More people were rushing into the scene. At this moment, a sudden change occurred, the flame arena started to crack, the stone pavement beneath their feet also cracked, falling into the magma, completely disappearing into the magma.
The flaming hot magma lit up the whole cave, the flame arena collapsed and everyone fell. Even those who had just arrived were all immediately thrown into such a crisis and were caught unprepared, they died without knowing what happened.
Jiang Chen and the others looked down and gasped at the magma.
Jiang Chen recalled the black seed that was floating on the magma, it didn’t melt under the heat, this black seed could possibly be their key.
Someone tried to grab onto the magma wall but it was too hot. A dozen of them fell and died without uttering any sound. Although they have the ability to fly, it was useless as the magma had a mysterious suction energy, pulling them towards that deathly pit.
“I cannot, I cannot accept this!”
“Help me.”
“I cannot accept this!”
The shrieking voices of people before perishing were terrifying to hear. Jiang Chen travelled on the sky, totally not affected by the pulling force of the magma. Whereby, Hong Yan, Fei Ying and the others were the same. However, Zhu Ri and He Ba were struggling in withstanding that pulling force. Those without the strength of a Half-Step Divine King certainly stood no chance as the death count rises.
“It’s this black seed!” Fei Ying’s lips curved into a smile as he was holding onto the black seed, ensuring his safety and the three guardians.
Whereby Jiang Chen, Hong Yan and the others were the same. Only Zhu Ri and He Ba were suffering as they tried their hardest to withstand the pulling force as if there’s a giant magnet below them.
More and more people were getting sucked into the magma, it was a gruesome sight as corpses became ashes, disappearing into the air of the Divine World.
“This is terrifying, lucky for us we have the black seed, otherwise we might have ended up just like them.” Yu Huafan trembled at this sight as sweat dripped down from his chin, not knowing whether it was due to the heat or fear.
“This black seed is something special. Jiang Chen, you have to take good care of it.” Yu Jingfan said.
“Yeah.” Jiang Chen nodded.
But at this moment, He Ba who was smiling from afar suddenly shot towards them, trying to rob Jiang Chen’s black seed. However, Yu Jingfan was prepared, a terrifying shockwave caused the magma to rise as they clashed.
He Ba was slightly better off as he was able to push Yu Jingfan back. However, He Ba was still under the pressure of the suction force.
“Damned old man, you’re still that shameless. Hahaha, to ambush a weak youngling, you’ve truly lived past your prime. You look like you’ve lived for a long time but you’re as scummy as one could be. Hahah.”
Zhu Ri was laughing his ass off. Although the suction force forced these Half-Step Divine Kings to use everything they had, Zhu Ri wasn’t like He Ba, who couldn’t hold himself in.
“Hmph, what do you know, pig-brained fella.”
“This Ol’ Boar doesn’t want to squabble with you anymore. There’s a saying, a successful man shouldn’t sweat the small stuff.” Zhu Ri was still smiling, further angering He Ba.
He Ba and Yu Jingfan clashed, but none of them were willing to back off. Truthfully, Yu Jingfan lost in the first clash, however, the effect of the black seed was the reason he was able to withstand He Ba’s attack, unlike He Ba who was withstanding the suction force.
“Third Brother, are you alright?” Yu Erniang said.
Although He Ba was forced back, the others could clearly see that Jiang Chen’s group only had an advantage with their numbers, they were the weakest group amongst them all.
“No matter.” Yu Jingfan waved his hand and said.
Jiang Chen suddenly realised, Feng Qiuhuang was missing?! Where did he go? Who was he? 
The magma below them started to subside as it disappeared from their eyes.
At this moment, a spiral appeared and inside was a giant tunnel, an ancient path that connects down towards the endless, dark tunnel. Although the terrifying suction force disappeared the endless tunnel had a mysterious energy and seemed to be enticing them, pulling them downward, asking them to explore what’s below.
On the side of the ancient path, the vines of the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine were spread across the tunnel.
After the heatwave dispersed, the magma slowly formed a deep hole, nobody knew when the terrifying magma would burst forth again, that was the most worrying part of all.
“Guys, look, this looks like an endless tunnel that leads straight to hell.” Zhu Ri said with a smile.
However, one could see that his eyes weren’t as calm as before. Because this path indeed felt like it’s a one-way ticket straight to hell.
Nobody knew what this endless tunnel was, because every time the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart appeared, countless people would die and it happened 10,000 years ago, who could still remember? Not even Divine Kings know much about it, who knew where it was? Where?
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2527 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2528


Frozen Broken Monument
Every single one of them were extremely anxious. Jiang Chen included. Because none of them knew what lies at the bottom of that endless pit. However, there’s no more reason for them to back off even if the bottom of it was the 18th level of hell. Because what lies at the end was the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart, enticing them to come to it.
“Second Brother, what do we do now?” Xiong Zhan looked at Fei Ying and asked quietly.
“We’ll have to go check it out. Is there anything that I, Fei Ying, am afraid of in this Tianqi Mountain Range?” Fei Ying said proudly.
“Agreed. This old one is already nearing its end. It’ll be a shame for these old bones if I don’t go all out for one last time.” He Ba refused to admit that he’s weaker than the others.
Among the others, he might probably be the only one that wasn’t afraid of death. It would be a pity not to go for a last hoorah when one’s life was nearing its end. He Ba looked down at the endless pit without fear.
“Then, how can this ol’ boar be left behind? Hahaha.” Zhu Ri too, said without fear.
This endless tunnel was indestructible even under those magma. The Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart may as well escape from them if they hesitated.
Hong Yan and the others also entered the ancient path.
“Jiang Chen, what do you think?” Xue Liang looked at Jiang Chen and smiled.
It was rare for him to smile, a fight with one’s life on the line, akin to a battle against fate.
“You only live once, if one could live their life grandly, why should I live a mediocre life?” Jiang Chen smiled indifferently.
He felt the danger coming from below, however, this had always been his motto, his way of life, to risk and explore to gain the fruit of his labour, fearless.
“Boundless happiness comes from fighting against the heavens, the earth, humans.” Xue Liang laughed as he wielded his blade, totally determined.
“Us, three brothers and sisters have nothing to hesitate about. Let’s go.”
None of them stopped and none of them dared to be careless. Jiang Chen knew about the Yu Clan’s desire for the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart. Hence, they would surely risk their lives even if they were to pass through molten lavas or mountains of blades.
Jiang Chen looked back as if there was a shadow tailing him, closely. However, he couldn’t detect it.
It was pitch black below with an unknown depth, groaning and roaring sound could be heard from afar, it was truly shocking to one’s soul.
None have taken the lead to rush forward without seeing the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart first. Because others might take this chance to rob it from their hands. Therefore, the people on the scene decided to stay calm and observe first before acting until seeing the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart. However, they would surely reveal their true intention the moment they saw the  Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart. At that time, they would decide who shall have the last laugh.
Jiang Chen became very vigilant while moving forward. The path below his feet was hot as a heatwave, brushing across their face.
A broken stone monument sat silently on the side of the ancient path, the carvings on the monument were too ancient for them to decipher.
“The inscription on the tablet. Does anyone know what it means?” Fei Ying said.
However, nobody answered as no one knew what those ancient broken words were.
There was a blood-coloured swastika “卍” behind the monument. It was extremely broken with cracks covering its surface. As if it was a crack on one’s heart.
Jiang Chen felt that the swastika was filled with demonic energy, definitely not a true swastika. The Buddha’s seal should be a boundless swastika, yet this felt depressing.
“Hmph, it’s but a monument.” Hong Yan said coldly, completely unfazed as he continued forwards with the four experts.
Jiang Chen, however, paused as he was pretty sensitive to swastikas. However, the Buddha’s Radiance that should’ve been filled with tranquility had been dyed blood red, it’s like a curse, causing Jiang Chen to feel disgusted by it.
“Jiang Chen, what is it?” Yu Erniang looked at Jiang Chen who was currently at the back and asked.
“It’s nothing, just gonna inspect it a little more. This Swastika should be Buddhist seal, it should lay supreme, yet it’s carved in such a dark and cold place, with blood nonetheless, it’s very weird.” Jiang Chen shook his head and said.
“This swastika felt like it’s suppressing this monument. However, the monument is too broken and none of us knows what is written on it. ” Yu Erniang frowned and said.
“You think that this swastika is suppressing this monument?” Jiang Chen looked at Yu Erniang weirdly.
“I’m just guessing. This monument looked like it’s thousands and thousands of years old and buried underground to boot, who knows what it’s meant for? It’s just a broken stone monument, it’s nothing special. Let’s go, otherwise, we’re going to be left behind. This place is creepy.”  Yu Erniang rushed Jiang Chen.
“Alright. I’ll be on my way, you better catch up.” Yu Erniang took off.
Jiang Chen then took out his arm and pulled the stone monument out from the ancient path. However, it didn’t even budge even after he used all of his strength. He felt weird and unwillingly accepted that this monument couldn’t be taken away.
“I refuse to believe it.”
Jiang Chen took seven steps forward and his face became gloomy. He then took out the frozen stone and smashed it on the stone monument. At this moment, the ancient path started to tremble, an ever slight tremble, but the swastika became much more vibrant, bloody vibrant.
“What happened? Why did it suddenly shake?”
“Could this ancient path be collapsing?”
“I think this endless pit is getting much scarier. ”
Everyone knew that this was no playground. But for the sake of the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart, they had to venture into it as the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart might be laying deep within this endless pit.
Jiang Chen put the frozen stone on the stone monument and once again tried to pull it. This time, it finally moved. Jiang Chen roared and pulled it out.  He then looked at the frozen man. He’s definitely not your average guy, to push the powerful youth back, to move this immovable stone monument. Unfortunately, I knew nothing about it. 
Jiang Chen’s heart became extremely depressed as he pulled out the stone monument like he was weighed down by thousands of kilograms of weight, causing him to gasp for air. The bloodied swastika then felt like it was activated as demonic qi burst forth.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2528 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2529


The Dao still lingers
The demonic qi dispersed instantly and no one was even able to catch wind of it. However, Jiang Chen definitely felt it.
The monument felt like it was as heavy as a giant mountain, but luckily Jiang Chen had tremendous strength that he was able to lift it.
“Why do these broken carvings make one feel unsure about it?”  Jiang Chen frowned as he kept the broken monument.
Although he had no idea what its use was ,it’s surely something special. He suddenly thought of Tyrant’s God Suppressing Monument, it was somewhat similar, however this was only his guess.
Jiang Chen quickly caught up to Yu Erniang and the others. At this moment, they had already travelled around ten thousand meters downwards, the scorching heat disappeared, replaced by a mysterious chill, one that seeped into one’s inner heart and spine.
The Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine already spread for ten thousand meters yet its end could still not be seen. The ancient path was in a much disastrous state, deep sword marks could be seen as if this place underwent a terrible and terrifying battle. However, it had most probably happened at least 10,000 years ago or even further than that.
Each of those sword marks emitted an ancient feel, grandeur, boundlessness; their dao essence remained and had survived even until this very day. Jiang Chen was pretty shocked and so were the others. Giant portraits were carved beside the ancient path, an ancient battle with splendid battle horses and realistic battle scenes as if the neighing of battle horses and the clashing of blades could be heard in one’s ears.
“Such cold air, to think that the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine’s root could still not be seen after reaching this far, this is unbelievable.” Fei Ying frowned, feeling slightly impatient.
Plus, this feeling of the unknown caused everyone to be on edge, as they felt more pressured as they ventured on. Especially those portraits of battle that kept on appearing on the walls of the ancient path, stimulating one’s fighting intent from deep within their soul.
“Yes. I feel like I’m walking straight to hell if this continues.” He Ba quietly said in a serious demeanour.
Everyone was probing each other’s strength but all of them knew nothing about this endless pit.
“Look, there are divine weapons on top of the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine with lingering auras seeping out from it.”
Yu Erniang spotted carvings and deep cuts across the thick Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vines.
“Those divine weapons are most likely in tatters, corroded. Not even Heavenly Divine Tools can withstand the corrosion of time.” Jiang Chen said.
Those divine weapons were like scraps of metal although there was ancient essence lingering on them. Powerful but useless in battle. Not even tools could survive the corrosion of time, lest humans.
Corroded divine weapons that were scattered and planted across the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vines could be seen.
“Without achieving the God-Emperor hood, one could never withstand the passing of time, you can live thousands and thousands of years, so what? You’ll still end up as dirt in the end. These divine blades and weapons are most likely used by ancient gods. However, it became part of history as time passed.” Hong Yan said indifferently.
No one refuted him as what he said was totally true. Everyone is the same in the face of time, everyone is weak against it, except for those invincible god-emperors, as they have reigned supreme in this Divine World.
Jiang Chen took his hand out and looked afar as if he could touch it, feel it, those bloody battles that had happened in this endless pit, on this ancient path as white bones scattered around. But as Jiang Chen’s feet stepped on those bones, it instantly became ash and dispersed into this heaven and earth.
The sadness of the passing of time as bones became ash.
Jiang Chen slowly closed his eyes. It’s easy to say, to achieve Godhood. But how many were able to achieve it in these millions of years? One could easily live comfortably in the Immortal World for 1.8million years as a lord, as it’s peaceful over there and the competition is not so fierce. But when it comes to the Divine World, it is truly hard to achieve immortality after going through each stage. Even Divine Kings, Hierarch or even Divine Emperors are slaves of time. 
Everyone looked at this scene silently, they could feel the pressure coming from time itself, they’re racing against time.
The traces of battle from the ancient times could be seen, recorded around this endless pit. This Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart was also a target of competition in ancient times.  Otherwise, there wouldn’t be such fierce traces of battle left on this place after the passing of such time.
Battle horses neighed, savage beasts roared, divine weapons vibrated, battle gods rode as they crossed upon this endless pit…
As they entered the 30,000 meter point, the root of the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart could be seen as it planted itself on the rocks with corpses surrounding it, with shattered divine weapons. However, the group was already used to this scene by now. Each of those bones was like a warning to them. However, they only had one question now, where is the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart?
The Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine was thick, with several metres diameter, it’s like a giant tree growing on this endless pit.
Those intercrossing ancient vines could not cover the traces of battle.
“Where is the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart?” He Ba finally got impatient.
Without the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart, his end would surely come.
“Legend has it that the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart is an ancient divine vine, a true legacy of the ancient times. The Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart is born from the root and it’s born with an instinct.” Hong Ya said.
They were all here for the sake of the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart.
“Ancient Vine Forbidden Area, Trespassers will be killed on sight.”
A coarse and ghastly voice resounded through everyone’s ears. They did not expect it at all. Could there be someone else in this place?
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2529 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2530


The might of the Divine Beast White Tiger
“Tricks, come out!” Fei Ying said.
A white figure slowly walked out from the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vines. The figure had a jade-white fur, sharp eyes, ferocious maw—a white tiger. However, it wasn’t your average white tiger, it’s the Divine Beast White Tiger!
“Greedy humans, you dare enter the forbidden land, only death awaits you.” White Tiger said coldly as he gazes at the group with disdain, proclaiming their death sentence has arrived.
“Those white bones shall be your end.”
“Such a divine white tiger.” Jiang Chen said.
This tiger was a Half-Step Divine King and not a single one from the group was its match. He stared at the group with ferocity as he took control of the area.
Azure Dragon, White Tiger, Phoenix, Xuan Wu. The most terrifying four great divine beasts. It has the talent and divine energy that every being of the Divine World would be jealous of. A Half-Step Divine King White Tiger was as strong as a Divine King human cultivator.
The divinity and its strength could not be compared to any average demonic beast. Only the purest bloodline could be passed down and its power was unimaginable, none expected that one of them was living at the depths of the endless pit.
“A Half-Step Divine King Divine White Tiger, truly powerful, but it’s not like we’re going to lose with our numbers.” Zhu Ri laughingly said.
“Puny humans, you dare think of getting the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart, keep dreaming. You will die under my fangs.”
“Really? Let’s see how powerful you are in the face of our number.” Fei Ying said coldly, unafraid.
Yet deep within their hearts, they were nervous as they had to face the divine beast white tiger. Even though they were all Half-Step Divine Kings, the probability of winning against it wasn’t high.
“Fellow comrades, why don’t we join hands and face this common enemy together? Let’s settle things after we eliminate this beast.” Fei Ying said as he rushed forward headfirst.
Everyone silently agreed as it would be impossible to win against the foe alone. They would certainly be a member of this land as a pile of bones if they were to fight him one by one.
“Let’s collaborate. These old bones have not moved for hundreds of years. Let’s have this Divine Beast be my sparring partner, this is exciting. Hahaha.” He Ba said with a laugh.
The six Half-Step Divine Kings seemed to have more than enough chance to face a single Half-Step Divine King divine beast.
“That White Tiger Divine Beast is no easy foe.” Jiang Chen said with a smile.
He’s not planning to join in as he’ll be scorned by the others. An Early Heavenly God was certainly useless against a Half-Step Divine King. Jiang Chen stood by the side and observed as the others used everything they had to face this foe.
“It’s my honour to fight a divine beast today. I’ve never witnessed the might of a divine beast.” Zhu Ri laughed without fear. What is there to be afraid of? They were all Half-Step Divine Kings, after all.
“Old Pig, you better not be the first to go down. You should know that the opponent is a divine beast. Haha.” He Ba said sarcastically.
“Don’t need to worry about me. The Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart must be near since the beast is blocking our path. The Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart will appear after we eliminate him.” Zhu Ri said with disdain.
Jiang Chen patted Xue Liang’s shoulder and said:
“Save your strength, I believe you’re not weaker than any of them.”
Jiang Chen smiled and Xue Liang nodded. Although he’s a Late Heavenly God, his strength was definitely on-par with a Half-Step Divine King. As one of the top prodigies of the Linhe Boundary, the number one prodigy of the hidden Forgotten Sword Clan, how could he be weak?
“Be careful, don’t force yourself if you cannot defeat it.” Jiang Chen looked at Yu Erniang.
Nobody would blame him if he chose to be idle as they certainly think that Jiang Chen would only trouble them.
“I know.” Yu Erniang said, feeling slightly happy.
No matter whether Jiang Chen had any ulterior motive, at least she felt happy about it.
“What’s the hold-up, come and get it, I can’t wait anymore.” White Tiger showed its terrifying canine fang and said coldly.
He roared and rushed towards the group with vigour.
The might of the tiger was unparalleled, unstoppable, no one dared to belittle him. Not even the Half-Step Divine Kings. The tiger was five zhang tall. He looked very dominating and overbearing, his fangs were as sharp and sturdy as a Heavenly Divine Tool, a single swipe of his caused Fei Ying and Xiong Zhan to retreat as they couldn’t face it head-on.  Whereby Yu Jingfan, Hong Yan and the others leapt towards him and enclosed him within their circle, trying to defeat him but it was too difficult.
The giant White Tiger roared with vigor and might, letting them feel immense pressure.
The might of a Half-Step Divine King divine beast was nothing to scoff at.
Yu Huafan, Xue Liang, Yu Erniang and the other four great experts attacked the back of the White Tiger, yet they couldn’t find any opportunity as the ferocious beast swept his long tail, forcing them back, injuring them in the process, totally pushing them back.
He Ba and Zhu Ri attacked from the side, trying to find an opportunity to deal a successful blow, yet the beast was too terrifying, it’s defense and attack was almost perfect.
The four great divine beasts—the Azure Dragon’s attack is the greatest, Xuan Wu’s defence is the greatest, the Phoenix is immortal, whereas the White Tiger has all three of them, average, he’s the most balanced out amongst them all. Almost the most perfect one.
“You guys are too weak, way too weak.”
“Divine Beast White Tiger, born from the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine. Pretty strong.” Jiang Chen looked at the beast with an interesting gaze.
But a familiar figure attracted Jiang Chen’s gaze, it was the old ape. The ape that could ignore physics in the plum forest, as it sat on the sky looking down as if he’s just an observer, an outsider.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2530 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2531


The Guardian of the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart
Jiang Chen was stunned for a second and wondered why the ape had appeared here.
What was the background of this old gibbon? Does it have some kind of indescribable relation with the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart?
Jiang Chen looked at the old gibbon, and the old gibbon looked back at him profoundly as well. Meanwhile, all the other people were focused on their battle and none of them had noticed the arrival of the ape because the old gibbon’s breath did not cause any fluctuation in the atmosphere. You can say that he was unpredictable or was just like an ordinary person.
Jiang Chen knew that it would’ve been impossible for him to break the formation so quickly without the old gibbon’s words. If he had failed to break the formation, he possibly would miss out the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart. However, the old gibbon seemed like he purposely wanted him to give up breaking the formation instead of helping him to break the formation. Unfortunately, Jiang Chen had shattered the Peach-Blossom Formation because it was the only way for him to save the others.
Jiang Chen did not know if the old gibbon was a good or bad guy. He also did not know whether the Peach-Blossom Formation was set up by the old gibbon, however, he felt that the old gibbon was not evil. If the old gibbon was really a ruthless demon, he would have killed all the people who were trapped in the Peach-Blossom Formation. Even if he might not be capable of killing all of them, he could’ve played some tricks and made all those people die inside the formation. However, the old gibbon did not do such a thing.
The Divine White Tiger released a great pressure that made everyone feel extremely tense. Their cultivation realms were not low, however, none of them was able to overcome the Divine White Tiger’s pressure.
“Old man, why are you here?”
Jiang Chen looked at the old gibbon.
The old gibbon smiled but remained silent. He gave Jiang Chen a glance and finally said in a peaceful tone:
“There were many people who actually got out of the Peach-Blossom Formation, however, you are the only one who was able to shatter the formation. ”
Although the old gibbon said this in a calm tone, his words actually gave an extremely high appraisal of Jiang Chen. Jiang Chen never expected that he would be valued highly by the old gibbon and this did not sound like bad news.
“If you don’t join the battle, it might be good news to these people. It’s also a good news to the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart.”
The old gibbon said.
“Obviously, you can see my strength, and it’s only on this level. But why do you think so highly of me? I am just an Early Heavenly God guy whom everyone looked down upon.”
Jiang Chen was teasing himself.
The old gibbon did not seem to have a good intention behind it. Although he did not cast any tricks in the Peach-Blossom Forest, Jiang Chen would still not underestimate this ape as he was able to control such a huge formation in the Peach-Blossom Forest. It’s not something that everyone can do.
The old gibbon thought highly of Jiang Chen while Jiang Chen actually also dared not underestimate the old gibbon.
“Sometimes one’s cultivation realm didn’t mean everything. I can only say that these people are very short-sighted.”
The old gibbon smiled, looking completely steady. He was like an experienced old man who would remain calm even if thunderstorms descended. This situation worried Jiang Chen because it did not look good to him.
“I am here only for the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart.” Jiang Chen said firmly.
The old gibbon could not help but heave a sigh when he heard these words, looking at Jiang Chen.
“You’re indeed a genius who can control your own desire and thought perfectly. The way you acted in the Peach-Blossom Forest compared here is such a huge contrast.  It’s not easy for an ordinary human to do this. However, you definitely are an irony to me and the Peach-Blossom Forest.”
The old gibbon felt a bit shameful while saying these words but he did not take any action. He just looked at Jiang Chen silently then turned his sight to the Divine White Tiger on the battlefield. He looked awe-inspiring.
“I wish that you won’t make me take any action.”
The old gibbon murmured.
“Although you have set up the Peach-Blossom Formation, you haven’t harmed anyone. Everyone here was punished by their own desire. They ended up being alone and depressed in the Peach-Blossom Formation but none of them died under your hands. They all died because of their own desire. All in all, you have actually saved us.”
“I haven’t killed them, yet, they have died because of me. Then what’s the difference? My hands have already been stained with blood.”
The old gibbon held his palms together and closed his eyes. His face was full of guilt. Jiang Chen knew that things did not go as he planned. However, what was the background of this old gibbon? Jiang Chen was in doubt because he didn’t know anything about him. The reason the old gibbon was here was really too puzzling. The old gibbon looked at the battle, and Jiang Chen was sure that he was going to take action soon.
“If you have been suffering, why don’t you just follow your will and do whatever you want?” Jiang Chen said.
“Very often, we don’t have a choice in our life.”
The old gibbon said in a profound way. He was actually the guardian of the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart in this generation.
The While Tiger was still battling the others. Its mightiness was so unparalleled and irresistable that it caused Fei Ying and the others to be sent flying backwards unceasingly.
“Whoever submits to me will prosper while those who go against me are going to die!”
The White Tiger roared in rage while its tail swept across in all directions. Everyone was impressed by its divine might.
A Half-step Divine King was extremely formidable!
Zhu Ri attacked the White Tiger, but he was sent flying by the tiger’s hoof in the next second. He looked extremely terrible and embarrassed.
Zhu Ri then spurted out a mouthful of blood and shouted:
“Guys, if you don’t take any action now with all you’ve got, I have no doubt that we all would be buried here.”
Everyone was stressed out because they knew that Zhu Ri’s words were true. They really did not use up their utmost strength, keeping a part of their strength in the battle. However, this had allowed the Divine White Tiger to gain the upper hand in the battle, causing all of them to suffer.
Since the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart had not appeared yet, all of them would want to save as much strength as they can. Why would they want to use up their strength at this moment? All of them wanted to get as many benefits as they weren’t fools. However, right now they had to start the real battle under the pressure of facing death.
“A bunch of old men, if you still don’t take any action, you would all die. This Divine White Tiger is really ferocious.” Jiang Chen said sincerely.
“If you want to defeat the white tiger, you need at least a Divine King expert.”
The old gibbon looked like he was very confident in the Divine White Tiger.
“Since you guys won’t take me seriously, I also have no patience to play with you anymore. Damn it!”
The Divine White Tiger roared in rage and  rushed towards the four great experts of Red-clothed Thirteen House like an incomparably fierce barbarian. Under its wild attack, one of them was smashed to death and the other three were severely injured.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2531 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2532


Fighting the White Tiger
Hong Yan took a deep breath. She had never thought that the Divine White tiger was such a terrifying existence.
The White Tiger did not slow down but crashed into Yu Er’niang, Yu Huafan and the rest. Even though Yu Er’niang and Yu Huafan resisted it with all of their strength, they still got hit and were thrown out. Fortunately, Xue Liang had caught up with them and struck a blow just in time. His incredibly formidable attack was not inferior to a Half-step Divine King expert.
Even though it was considerably a strong blow, it still failed to beat the Divine White Tiger. It was fortunate that Xue Liang managed to resist the tiger’s attack instead, saving Yu Er’niang and Yu Huafan from danger.
Puff…
Xue Liang was spurting blood from his mouth and his face turned ghastly pale. But he still impressed everyone. Even the Peak Heavenly Gods were dashed to pieces under Divine White Tiger’s attack, but it was unbelievable that a Late Heavenly God still looked fine. He was just slightly wounded and spurted not much blood, he was obviously not seriously injured.
“Good, it seems like you have something on the ball. You just impressed me. Hahaha.”
Zhu Ri bursted into laughter. Everyone looked at Xue Liang squarely. Although his strength was incomparable to those Half-step Divine Kings, he still should not be underestimated.
“It seems like this battle is not easy.”
Xiong Zhan whispered under his breath. Seeing that Xue Liang was unexpectedly strong made them realize that everyone in Tian Qi Mountain Range was well-prepared with their hidden power.
They had no choice but to re-estimate Yu Jingfan and Xue Liang’s capabilities.
Even so, Xue Liang had not exerted all of his power yet. He was just determined to save both of them.
“Thank you.”
Yu Huafan murmured. If Xue Liang did not strike out to resist the blow, they would have been at death’s door now.
Yu Er’niang was truly grateful and appreciated what Xue Liang had done. At that moment, Jiang Chen remained calm as he believed that Xue Liang was capable and he would definitely do that. He had total faith in his comrades and he believed that they got his back.
Jiang Chen narrowed his eyes. The Divine White Tiger struck out once again and his offensive was more powerful and aggressive this time. Xiong Zhan and Fei Ying teamed up and got entangled with the white tiger. Among those slashes of the swords and blades, all of them displayed their greatest strengths. And both of them showed their greatest efforts which was truly frightening. However, they did not retreat by the white tiger but kept entangling together.
Yu Jingfan and Xue Liang joined hands and struck a blow upon Divine White Tiger’s left flank. They combined their divine strengths and became formidable and unbeatable. Yu Jingfan knew nothing about Xue Liang previously and he had never expected Xue Liang to have such power. It seemed like their alliance was relatively threatening and overbearing, they had completely cut off the retreat of the Divine White Tiger.
Hong Yan was pulling the tail of the tiger alone remorselessly. The long ice sword in his hand was a kind of Divine Tool. Even though it was just the lowest grade of Heavenly Divine Tool, it was a hundred times stronger than any other supreme graded Divine Tools.
Hong Yan was dancing alone in long sleeves. The clash of swords was turning into beams of light, which was astonishing and significant. The Divine White Tiger roared constantly, he could not treat them easily as he was under siege. All of the Half-step Divine Kings exerted their real strength and he was skating on thin ice at the moment.
Zhu Ri and He Ba were waiting at the side, focused on attacking the right flank. The fist that struck out was deafening like thunder and it was overbearing. Both of them were familiar with the offense-defense pattern of the beasts. After all, they were the immortal crane and wild boar king, which were not ordinary people who could be treated easily. Even though they were slightly inferior to Divine White Tigers, they could definitely suppress the White Tiger together with ease.
The White Tiger was moving slowly and suffering. At the moment, it realized their real fighting competence eventually. In fact, none of them was a coward.
“Okay! Great. Let my mightiness soar to the sky!”
He roared loudly and his whole body moved. The Divine White Tiger was launching an attack with terrifying sound waves. The sound waves echoed through the bottomless abyss, lingering in everyone’s ears and they were ear-splitting. It seemed like there was no one who could resist this attack in the universe.
The white tiger stepped out, galloping and sweeping his enemies. Xiong Zhan took the lead and gave the tiger his strongest blow. He transformed into a ten feet tall bear in an instant and then fought toe-to-toe against White Tiger. However, Zhan Xiong still failed to resist the attack of the White Tiger. Even though it was not as terrifying as a dragon, it was parallel with the level of Divine Beast which made Xiong Zhan completely out of breath. Xiong Zhan retreated, and then, after pounding his chest, he came rushing at White Tiger once again.
Xiong Zhan surged forward and crashed into the White Tiger again, a terrible loud deafening bang was heard. The White Tiger stayed calm while Xiong Zhan was badly injured and became weaker. The tiger was formidable and unparalleled, soaring high into the sky. Even though it was incomparable with a dragon in terms of strength, even the phoenixes were slightly afraid of it.
Fei Ying transformed into a flying hawk, spreading his wings and flying high. His beak and claws were as sharp as hooks and knives. He was like a huge bird rushing down vigorously and descending from the sky.
*Moaning……*
Fei Ying spread his wings and flew high, competing against White Tiger with power not inferior to the tiger at all.
“You’re just a hawk. How could you defeat me?”
The White Tiger stepped forward and rose high into the sky. They fought and crashed with each other continuously. The White Tiger has the upper hand, but Fei Ying was a tough nut to crack.
On the other side, Zhu Ri also transformed into a thousand feet high wild boar king. The tusk was more than twenty feet long that’s able to strike the enemies’ hearts like a curved knife.
Under everyone’s gaze, the White Tiger did not manage to take the advantage at the moment. Yu Jingfan, Xue Liang, Hong Yan aimed for the tiger’s neck, waiting for a chance to land a deadly blow on the beast. Any mistakes that the White Tiger would make would be the deciding factor in its victory or defeat. Any small mistake made would be taken as an advantage by others and the tiger would be defeated by its foes.
He Ba flew high into the sky with his sharp as a knife beak. Hong Yan pointed his sword toward the White Tiger remorselessly.
Yu Jingfan and Xue Liang took advantage of the chaos and attacked the back of the White Tiger.
When the White Tiger was confronting the attack of the others, Xue Liang thrusted his sword through the beast. The tiger spurted blood which dyed its white fur red. A roar of anger then reverberated through the bottomless abyss.
“Roar! Roar! Roar!”
Even the Heavenly Gods were afraid of White Tiger’s anger. The White Tiger turned its back, looked up and hit a blow on Xue Liang. Xue Liang was thrown out, and spurted blood while kneeling on one knee miserably.
Yu Jingfan launched a follow-up attack and tangled with White Tiger again. Fei Ying and Xiong Zhan joined hands to fight White Tiger at the same time. Fei Ying tore the White Tiger’s skin apart. The tiger’s back was now bloodied and badly wounded.
The old gibbon’s eyes turned cold and gloomy. Under their continuous devastating attacks, the White Tiger was completely exhausted. Fei Ying and the other led the tiger around by the nose eventually. If the situation went on like this, the beast would definitely be engulfed by them.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2532 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2533


Chapter 2533
People were trapped but their desires were not
Even though the White Tiger was formidable, it was still impossible for him to face or at least resist all of the opponent’s attack. Each of them was full of experience, whether it was their combat strength or skills, they were both outstanding. In comparison, the White Tiger had less combat experience. The roof caved in because of the strong alliance. The old gibbon looked extremely worried.
The White Tiger was actually strong but with Fei Ying and the others attacking it from both sides, the beast was placed at a disadvantage. However, it was not a simple task to kill the White Tiger, after all it was one of the four greatest mythological creatures. Fortunately, it had not developed the ability to remember its past memories. If it had reached the Divine King Realm and started retaining its memories, even a Late Divine King could do nothing about it.
Everyone should be grateful that the White Tiger was still a Half-step Divine King who hadn’t yet retained its memories. Otherwise, everyone here would have already died.
“If the situation goes on like this, I believe that the Divine White Tiger will be defeated soon.”
The old gibbon murmured.
“It seems like the Divine White Tiger is not as strong as I thought.
Jiang Chen giggled, giving the old gibbon a profound glance.
“He is too young, lacks combat experience and overconfident. That is the reason he fell into the trap. He’s losing his touch, and his strength is gradually being exhausted.”
The old gibbon heaved a deep sigh.
“It’s not a trifling matter, not a joke either. It is an issue of life and death and no one can stay out of the battle. But you can do that as a victor.”
Jiang Chen closed his eyes slowly, sitting cross-legged and wore an air of neutral calm.
Jiang Chen remained calm and swallowed an Azure Spirit Pill. Due to the pill, the Divine Origin Strength in his body was rolling, boiling and growing constantly. The Azure Spirit Pill was completely absorbed by Jiang Chen. The number of the dragon marks in his inner body was increasing rapidly and his divine strength was surging over continuously. He was confident that this Azure Spirit Pill could definitely improve his strength to the next level.
The old gibbon fixed its gaze on Jiang Chen. How could this guy possibly remain calm and choose to make a breakthrough at this moment?
Jiang Chen had reached the Early Heavenly God Realm but still had no opportunities to make a breakthrough yet. But with the Azure Spirit Pill, the knowledge he had gained from this battle among those Half-step Divine Kings this time, it is now possible. No one understood how important the fight was to Jiang Chen. In his time in Linhe Boundary, he killed those Half-step Divine Kings by using the Little Ashura Sword. He would definitely be defeated if he fought against the Half-step Divine Kings without any opportunity to exert any formation.
The battle just now was a fight between the White Tiger and numerous strong experts. Jiang Chen had benefited greatly from the battle and with the addition of the Azure Spirit Pill which was a great panacea, he could now breakthrough.
Battling was a way to improve strength rapidly and the fastest way to make a breakthrough. Even being a spectator to the battle was the same. It actually made Jiang Chen feel the strength of Half-step Divine Kings and watch the final result by staying out of the battle. Everyone here was extraordinarily strong, even any one of the Half-step Divine Kings was capable of conquering the world.
Jiang Chen was astonished by Xue Liang’s growth of strength. As the strongest descendant of the Forgotten Sword Tomb, he was a genius with greatest talents for sure. He was unable to give it full play to his greatest strength in Hidden Secret Realm and that was the reason that Jiang Chen failed to realize Xue Liang’s actual strength. Jiang Chen believed that Xue Liang would not be weaker than himself at least.
Jiang Chen realized that it could be a coincidence or even a fate for them to meet again here. But they were not enemies for life but bosom friends, a great friend who could win over themselves. Staying with Xue Liang reminded Jiang Chen to slacken his efforts for a moment.
Jiang Chen’s Divine Strength was growing constantly. The effect of Azure Spirit Pill was out of his expectation. Even a Divine King would be unable to predict the effect of this Supreme-grade Medicinal Pill, and it was wasteful to use it on a Heavenly God Realm expert. But Jiang Chen had a different feeling. He was startled when he felt the huge benefits that the Azure Spirit Pill had brought to him. The Spirit Pill had cleared all the impurities in his body, everything that he had absorbed during cultivation was being purified while his divine strength was flowing continuously.
“I should strike while the iron is hot.”
Jiang Chen swallowed another Azura Spirit Pill. Luckily, the Jade-faced Spiritual Fox was already kept in his Myriad Qi Cauldron. Otherwise, it would definitely make him pissed off if he was here as Jiang Chen was wasting the treasured pills recklessly. After all, swallowing two Azura Spirit Pills in his current realm would only improve and purify his divine strength.
However, Jiang Chen believed that he should take those pills during cultivation. He did not feel sorry or regret.
The effects of two Azura Spirit Pills were exploding at the moment. The dragon marks in his body were increasing madly and brought him to another level.
There were more than three million and thirty thousand of them now.
Jiang Chen felt himself being purified and it made him complete his breakthrough. The pills were improving his strength to the next level, he had now reached the Middle Heavenly God Realm. At this moment, Jiang Chen opened his eyes and his breath was extremely stable and steady.
The old gibbon took a glance at Jiang Chen. Even though he did not wish Jiang Chen to join the battle, he did not take advantage of Jiang Chen when he was breaking through.
“You’re an early bloomer. But it is a pity that you’re obsessed with greed and desire.”
The old gibbon murmured.
“The desire of humans is always proportional to strength. It breeds sadness and sorrow if your strength is weak but obsessed with strong desire. If you’re strong enough, then your desire is not desire anymore but determination and dedication.”
Jiang Chen gazed at the old gibbon, he could feel that it was about time to participate in this battle.
“You’re only finding an excuse for your desire. Don’t you yearn to get the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart? Do you guys ever know how the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart grows?”
The old gibbon’s words had aroused Jiang Chen.
“What do you mean?”
Jiang Chen asked and frowned.
“My intention was actually good, but you people just don’t appreciate my kindness.”
The old gibbon smiled bitterly and shook his head. He did not expect things to go this way.
There was still someone entering this bottomless abyss to obtain the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart.
The Peach-Blossom Formation was able to constrain the people, but not their desire and greed.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2533 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2534


The Divine White Tiger
The Divine White Tiger stepped back, its body was covered with wounds. Its snowy white fur was dyed with bright red blood which looked conspicuous, a dreadful sight. The old gibbon’s face was full of anxiety and seriousness. It was impossible for him to stay out of this at the moment and Jiang Chen could feel that the old gibbon was actually anxious. If this Divine White Tiger was the last line of defence, it meant that they were possibly close to obtaining the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart. That would be the reason that the old gibbon could not take the situation easy at this moment.
He stayed calm at first, became serious and showed a shade of anxiety now. The old gibbon was on an emotional roller coaster, it seemed like he did not expect that the White Tiger was vulnerable and would go down at the first fight. The tiger might have underestimated its enemies or even lacked combat experience, but these were all excuses for losing. The White Tiger was moving slowly at the moment and it was obvious that it would collapse soon.
Fei Ying and Xiong Zhan took the lead and tried to suppress the Divine White Tiger. Even though the Divine White Tiger was invincible and formidable, he would not be able to make a turnaround.
According to the old saying, it is difficult for a fully grown tiger to hold a pack of wolves. The White Tiger was in a tight corner under the continuous attack of a pack of hungry wolves.
“You humans are just despicable! Let’s fight one on one instead.” The Divine White Tiger roared.
Jiang Chen was wearing a smile on his face as he thought that the Divine White Tiger was too naive. He could not believe that the tiger suggested going one on one with one of them. This was a life and death battle not a fight for a bride. They only aimed to cut off the White Tiger.
“You’re such an innocent guy. Hahaha! The Divine White Tiger is just nothing more than this.”
Zhu Ri burst into a laugh.
“Is it possible for a toothless tiger to arouse a storm? Fighting one one one, you’re just being overconfident.”
He Ba could not help laughing as he felt that this guy was hilarious and being silly. The Divine White Tiger should be spiritual and sharp-witted. However, this one grew up very naive and irrational. Even if the Divine White Tiger was ferocious, it would be impossible for him to make a breakthrough to Divine King Realm. Furthermore, Fei Ying, Xiong Zhan, Zhu Ri and He Ba were not someone who could be easily dealt with.
Fei Ying was the most terrifying among them, and kept exerting the most fatal blow. He was holding the Divine White Tiger’s body with his claws and the entire body of the White Tiger was full of terrible wounds and stained with blood.
“It’s impossible. I will never let you off!”
The Divine White Tiger roared constantly but it was useless. He had lost the initiative in the fight so it would not be easy for him to turn things around.
“Let’s see how far you can go.”
Hong Yan sneered, looking terrifyingly sharp.
“White Tiger catches the wind, heaven and earth remains silent!”
The Divine White Tiger became majestic all of sudden and his eyes fired up which looked very terrifying. Another white tiger with dim shadow flew high up into the sky. Its shadow then overlapped with the shadow of the White Tiger in the sky. The moment that two shadows overlapped, the aura grew stronger instantly.
“It seems like something’s wrong. It is the Divine White Tiger’s soul burning skill which is also known as its second strongest inheritance of strength.“
He Ba looked sharply and took a deep breath. Among all of them, it was the oldest and had great experience and knowledge. He was the first to realize the soul burning skill of the Divine White Tiger which was extraordinarily terrifying. He got out of the way, astonishment plastered in his eyes.
“It is unbelievable that this Divine White Tiger is still able to attack. It’s not simple at all.”
Jiang Chen said with a slight smile as he narrowed his eyes. The old gibbon could not hold himself anymore, he was startled when he saw the White Tiger rise abruptly once again. It was obvious that he did not expect the Divine White Tiger to make such a turnaround.
Roar…..!
The White Tiger fell out of the sky and surged forward. It blotted the sun and the sky. It seemed like the entire bottomless abyss was suffocated and covered by its overbearing aura. There was no one who managed to escape from its aura that was like representing heaven. The White Tiger was exceedingly strong which also proved that it was truly one of the greatest Divine Beast. It would have been defeated early if it was an Ancient Giant Beast instead. Only the White Tiger who was known as one of the greatest Divine Beasts could resist everyone’s attack until now.
The White Tiger’s blow repulsed Yu Jingfan. But Yu Huafan and Xue Liang were still taking the lead in the battle, so they were also suffering huge threatening pressure. The muscle and vessels in their body were nearly damaged, the attack of White Tiger was irresistible.
Yu Huafan was now like a disabled person. His bones and veins had suffered severely under the attack of the Divine White Tiger. Even though Xue Liang could protect his heart, he was badly injured. It seemed like he could hardly resist the attack by holding the long sword in his hand.
“Fifth brother!”
Yu Er’niang shouted and the tears overflowed her eyes. At that moment, every hope turned to dust and she totally sank into despair. He was her only blood brother, but his body was being split apart and his bones were all broken into fragments. He was nearly fading away.
“Brother!”
Yu Jingfan exclaimed in shock and held Yu Huafan quickly. At the moment, Yu Huafan was nearly at his last grasp.
“Third brother, what should we do now? Is our Fifth brother going to die soon?”
Yu Er’niang was bursting into tears. She used to be bright and straightforward but she nearly broke down this time. How could she still stay calm when one of her closest brothers nearly died?
“To accomplish the mission of our Yu family, I will die without regret!”
Yu Huafan was holding Yu Jingfan’s hand tightly, his heart was despairing.
“My brother……”
Yu Jingfan heaved a deep sigh, his eyes were full of sadness and grief.
Jiang Chen frowned. He swiftly transformed into a light and rushed at Yu Huafan.
“Make him swallow three of these pills.”
Jiang Chen was holding three pills in his hand, the Recovery, Restoring and Soul-Controlling pills, and instructed Yu Er’niang.
Yu Er’niang raised her head and looked straight into Jiang Chen’s eyes.
“Just make him swallow these if you don’t want to see him die.”
Yu Er’niang felt startled at his words. She immediately made Yu Huafan swallow the pills. The effect of the pills spread instantly, making him recover. After a few seconds, Yu Huafan was finally able to get his breath back.
Both Yu Er’niang and Yu Jingfan were astonished and looked at Jiang Chen gratefully.
“Jiang Chen, you’re truly my life savior. It will never be enough for me to repay your kindness even if I died nine times.”
Yu Huafan breathed out slowly. Dying is as natural as living, but who would be willing to die if he could live? Dying was as simple as turning off the light, everything would come to an end when the soul was dead.
On the other side, the aura of the White Tiger was still irresistible. The people of the Red-clothed Thirteen House and the others were all killed except Hong Yan. Zhu Ri and He Ba survived, Xiong Zhan and Fei Ying retreated as well. They were afraid that their lives would be threatened by the Divine White Tiger.
“We shall not confront the tough with toughness. This White Tiger is now like a spent arrow, he just wants to bury you guys together with his body. We must not allow it to do so.”
Zhu Ri exclaimed in a deep voice.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2534 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2535


Chapter 2535
The Name of the Old Gibbon that Stunned the West Mountain
Everyone was shocked, but all of them agreed with what Zhu Ri told them. They would feel extremely aggrieved if they were all killed by the Divine White Tiger’s last ditch effort. They were determined to kill the White Tiger while the White Tiger also aimed to put them to death.
As they expected, the breath of the Divine White Tiger had become weaker and weaker, falling off sharply and finally stepping back. Even though it had successfully repelled most of them, it also became exceedingly weak, like a sign of imminent death. The condition of its body was flagging down.
“It’s time to take a rest, Little White Tiger.”
The old gibbon took a step forward, flew across the sky and said lightly. It kept the Divine White Tiger behind.
“Old monkey, why are you here?”
The Divine White Tiger was surprised.
“I came late. Please don’t blame me for this, Little White Tiger.”
The old gibbon giggled and fixed his glance at the Divine White Tiger.”
“How could I blame you.”
The Divine White Tiger shook its head. He also clearly understood that being overconfident and underestimating the enemies was the main reason he lost the battle tragically.
“Old gibbon, are you going to interfere in this affair?”
Fei Ying said coldly.
“I have heard of you for years. You are the old knowledgeable gibbon who had been staying in the Peach Blossom Spring of Wu Dong Sunset Mountain, aren’t you?”
He Ba said with a slight smile, he had known the old gibbon a long time ago.
“It’s me.”
The old gibbon wore a smile on his face.
“I’ve long desired to meet you. I don’t mind if you want to obtain the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart. But we are bound to kill this Divine White Tiger.”
Yu Jingfan said in a low voice. The Divine White Tiger had nearly killed Yu Huafan, and he would’ve been dead without the help of Jiang Chen. It seemed like Hong Yan of the Red-clothed Thirteen House was also unwilling to spare the life of the Divine White Tiger. The reason all of them were badly injured was because of this Divine White Tiger after all.
“I have heard that those who entered the Peach Blossom Spring hadn’t found a way out since thousands of years ago. However, I’m told that your Peach Blossom Formation was destroyed by someone recently, and the people who have been trapped inside were all able to escape. It seems like you are not as mysterious as I had thought.”
Zhu Ri laughed, being scornful and provocative. No one was willing to let the Divine White Tiger off, even if this old gibbon stood out for it. It would not make any difference.
The old gibbon looked at Jiang Chen without saying anything. Jiang Chen did not want to be put in a difficult position and it was meaningless to drag Jiang Chen in this affair.
“One of my friends put this little white tiger under my care a while ago. If any of you dare to do anything about it, I will not sit by and let it go on.”
The old gibbon said in a deep voice, his previously benevolent and kind countenance disappeared. This battle was inevitable and he had to save the Divine White Tiger by teaching them a hard lesson.
“The name of the old gibbon has stunned the West Mountain. Honestly, I am not willing to fight you. It’s better to avoid fighting face to face with you as much as possible. This is what the master of Eight Lineages Silver River had told me before leaving,” Fei Ying said in an extremely deep voice.
Even the master of Eight Lineages Silver River was paying careful attention to the old gibbon, he believed that the old gibbon wasn’t someone ordinary. However, this old gibbon was not as terrifying as those Divine King Realm experts. It was not unbeatable and he was not fighting him alone this time. Moreover, he was not the only one who was determined to kill the Divine White Tiger.
“That is just fame. If all of you insist on killing the White Tiger, please allow me to fill-in its shortcomings. I swear to fight to death if any of you dare to hurt White Tiger.”
Jiang Chen had never expected that the old gibbon was such a person who was venerable and imposing. Even the master of Eight Lineages Silver River, a Divine King Realm expert, was giving face to him. The old gibbon’s harmless and kind appearance made them feel more frightened.
The old gibbon was someone that even those Divine Kings find hard to deal with, this only showed that they should treat him carefully as the Half-Step Divine Kings.
“We are bound to fight to the death. It would be our pleasure if we could fight you before we died. Hahaha.”
He Ba laughed. However, everyone knew that this old immortal crane was actually afraid of dying, and was instead determined to get the others killed. In this case, he had a strong desire to stay alive, and the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart was his last hope. How could he possibly give up easily?
“Say no more, old gibbon. This day will be your memorial day next year.”
Hong Yan took the lead, impatient to fight the old gibbon. It was because the Divine White Tiger was the one who killed her four comrades. Even if they all suffered severe injuries, it was inevitable for them to fight the old gibbon together at this moment.
Yu Jingfan made an alliance with some of them once again. Before the emergence of the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart, they could still unite as one to defend against the enemy together. It seemed like the vulnerable alliance would only collapse when the real Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart appeared.
“ Let’s fight to the end.”
The old gibbon said coldly. He then walked weirdly with a rickety body, like a beam of light sweeping through some of them. Neither Hong Yan nor Yu Jingfan could catch him, only Fei Ying and He Ba were comparable to him. Compared to all of them, the old gibbon was faster in terms of speed. None of them had expected him to move with such terrifying and impressive speed.
“Old monkey, please be careful.”
The Divine White Tiger did not forget to remind the old gibbon. It was obvious that he was worried about the old gibbon. After all, he would be at death’s door once the old gibbon was defeated.
Jiang Chen realized that the Divine White Tiger was not showing any appreciation to the old gibbon. It seemed like it was putting the blame on the old gibbon. Their relationship was unpredictable and mysterious.
This explained why the master of Eight Lineages Silver River was afraid of this old gibbon, he was extremely fast, disappearing in an instant. Even though he was under attack from all sides, he was still able to deal with every one of them with ease and leisure.
“The name of old gibbon stunned the West Mountain. Your reputation is well deserved. Let me see why the master of the river had such a high evaluation of you.”
Fei Ying refused to believe that the strength of this old gibbon was truly terrifying to such an extent.
Everyone was curious about the old gibbon and was burning with strong intent to fight. No one can kill the Divine White Tiger if the old gibbon insisted to stand out for it. The White Tiger had to die for sure!
“Old codger, take my sword!”
Hong Yan flew like a dragon and danced like a phoenix, full of killing intent. The old gibbon just backed off and was stable in the battle. Even though he was fighting six enemies, he wasn’t nervous. On the other hand, the six of them were totally restrained by the old gibbon instead.
The old gibbon was fighting bare-handed, looking awe-inspiring and overbearing. None of them had expected this old gibbon, who had been hiding in the cave most of the time, to have such a formidable and unbeatable strength.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2535 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2536


Four Flame qis
Jiang Chen never doubted that the old ape could easily beat them. He would genuinely be disappointed if he was really defeated, that ape’s too mysterious. He’s like a guardian, protecting the Wu Dong Sunset Mountain without seeking any reward. But why?
Jiang Chen observed the battle as the old gibbon became ferocious, slowly gaining the upper hand in the battle.
Suddenly, the old gibbon staggered and was pushed back by Hong Yan—the latter managed to cut a deep wound on his shoulder. Jiang Chen felt that the old gibbon was just like a mortal human, without a shred of divine origin energy as he was forced back.
The old ape was forced back by the force of the six, coughing blood and was sent flying by a kick from Zhu Ri in a distraught manner.
“How can this be?” Jiang Chen murmured.
Everyone felt extremely off about this, they were originally suppressed by the old gibbon but he was suddenly pushed back, causing the White Tiger to feel complicated.
The old gibbon wiped the blood on his lips and shook his head helplessly.
“This is an utter failure.” The old ape said and once again stood up with vigor, swiping out a sweeping kick, forcing back the six.
Cold sweat dripped down from the Divine Beast White Tiger as the old gibbon regained his mighty figure.
“Old fool, are you toying with us?” He Ba wiped the blood on his lips with shaky eyes.
That attack was unbelievable, it was almost unparalleled.
“I understand now, his weakness… when he’s powerful he’s as strong as a Divine King, but when he’s weak he’s as weak as it goes.” Fei Ying’s eyes lit up.
This was the reason why the lord regarded him that highly.
Everyone fell into a sudden realization. The old ape’s inconsistent strength was evident. The old ape’s divine origin energy became empty as soon as they were pushed back.
“Seize the opportunity, I refuse to believe that you could maintain that strength.”
Fei Ying once again led the group and clashed with the old gibbon, forcing the latter back as his divine origin energy became empty. He suddenly thought of something, of why his ancestors would mysteriously die without a trace. (TL: no idea who is ‘he’ talking about)
“This is getting harder and harder to understand.” Jiang Chen frowned.
Where did this old gibbon from, who is he? Why is he so weak? The inconsistency of his strength is too much. Suddenly becoming explosive and suddenly becoming extremely weak. All in an instant.
Fei Ying rushed first, will the others be afraid?
The old gibbon was once again pushed back by several hundred metres, coughing out three mouthfuls of blood as his strength wavered as he staggered.
“Peach Blossom, Scattering Wind!”
The Old Gibbon’s strength once again returned to its peak as he gulped down the blood within his mouth, leaping towards the sky, flower petals raining from the sky like a flying blade shooting down from heaven. The attack instantly pressured his enemies, one or two petals may not be a threat but thousands of them wasn’t something to scoff at. They blocked and parried the flower-rain, Hong Yan and Zhu Ri’s body were showered with injuries, bleeding as their bodies were covered with cuts.
“Such a terrifying flower rain.”
Zhu Ri retreated in distraught, the injuries he sustained were pretty serious.
Jiang Chen then summoned the Five Elemental Trigram Fire Formation, protecting Yu Erniang and the others, as Xue Liang was injured and Yu Erninag was taking care of Yu Huafan. The Five Elemental Trigram Fire Formation managed to block the flower rain and the old ape looked at Jiang Chen.
This young man is pretty good, my flower-rain is pretty strong, not many Half-Step Divine Kings could hold them off.
However, Jiang Chen wasn’t feeling great at all as the Five Elemental Trigram Fire Formation was almost shattered several times, luckily it was able to hold on towards the end.
Fei Ying, He Ba and the others got pushed back and fear could be seen in their eyes as their faces were covered with scars and cuts.
“This old ape has some tricks up his sleeves.” Yu Jingfan said.
“Pretty good technique, but I wonder how long can you last after your next attack.”
Fei Ying was constantly observing the old ape, he would not let go of any opportunity.
Although they were heavily injured, this didn’t mean that the old gibbon has won.
*Cough*
Finally, the old gibbon couldn’t take it anymore and coughed out another mouthful blood as he kneeled with one knee, the divine energy that was leaving his body was severe.
“Hahaha, you’re not that much stronger compared to me.” He Ba shook his head, pretty delighted, as the old gibbon appeared to be so weak.
“Old fool, you and that tiger will die!” Xiong Zhan gritted its teeth and said.
His arm got wasted by the old ape’s technique. The flower petals filled his thick arm, causing him to lose all senses below his shoulder. One could imagine how powerful it was.
*Rumble…*
The Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine suddenly shattered. Stunning everyone.
Four flame Qis burst out from the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine like a firefly, dancing in the sky.
Jiang Chen thought. This four flame qi came from the depths of this pit, it contained terrifying energy.
Jiang Chen lifted the black seed. At this moment, a flame qi fell on Jiang Chen’s palm, fusing with the black seed, causing the black seed to change into a reddish colour as it got hotter by the second.
Fei Ying and Hong Yan ignored the old ape and followed Jiang Chen. Two flame qis fell into their hands and merged with the seed. At this moment, the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine started to burn, its root started to catch fire, it was blazing hot, the ancient wood started to burst into flame, burning across the vines.
The flaming hot black seed then started to crack, as if a rebellious soul was trying to break through its shell.
“Is this the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart?” Yu Erniang gasped as she stared at the red seeds.
Everyone gasped as they watched the three red-hot seed, the atmosphere became tense.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2536 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2537


Crushing might
“Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart, this must be the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart!” He Ba said in a slightly excited tone as he gazed upon Jiang Chen’s red seed.
Leaving Hong Yan and Fei Ying aside who were not easy foes, that Mid Heavenly God fella’s not as strong, but he’s able to hold the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart, how can this happen? Jiang Chen totally felt that this red seed has just become a pain.
Zhu Ri and He Ba’s eyes shifted towards Jiang Chen.
“Boy, you better hand over the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart and stay out of trouble. Otherwise, you’ll be in a world of pain. I guarantee that you’ll be safe after you hand the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart to me.” Zhu Ri smilingly said, as if he’s giving a piece of advice.
At this moment, Jiang Chen obviously became the target of everyone. Although Fei Ying also had a red seed, he’s not satisfied with the current situation.
The old gibbon silently looked at Jiang Chen as the red seed caught his attention.
“Let’s not waste our time, you ought to know who should you hand that Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart over to, right?” He Ba’s eyes squinted as if becoming a thin line.
“This red seed is truly a pain now.” Jiang Chen said in a serious demeanour.
He Ba and Zhu Ri became much more excited, and Jiang Chen knew the pros and cons of this. He’ll certainly not try to resist them, it’s akin to suicide.
“Hahaha, great, young fella, I like your wits, you have a good future.” He Ba was delighted as he stepped forward, trying to take the red seed before Zhu Ri and Xiong Zhan.
“Boy, you should know who’s the master of the Tianqi Mountain Range.”
Xiong Zhan’s eyes lit up, threatening Jiang Chen as he gazed at Jiang Chen coldly.
“You’re pretty right, although I said it’s a pain, I never said that I’ll give it to anyone else. Fellow seniors have worked so hard even at your old age, and even got injured. I fear that it’ll seriously injure you after I hand this to you. Even if it doesn’t cause you harm, it’ll be bad if it causes any damage to the surroundings.” Jiang Chen shrugged as he backed off, carrying the flaming red seed with a smirk.
“Alright, you damned bastard, you dare play us for a fool?” He Ba said as he trembled in anger.
“I am injured, so what?! Killing you is as easy as taking candy from a child.” He Ba sneered as he pounced towards Jiang Chen.
Jiang Chen sneered without fear. It’s time to take the stage. I should teach him a lesson. He Ba was weakened from the battle, I would lose the right to stand here if I couldn’t even beat a weakened Half-Step Divine King.
Jiang Chen steadied his form as he faced He Ba without fear. Jiang Chen launched a punch with lightning speed, it didn’t look like a punch coming from a Mid Heavenly God.  He Ba was shocked from the power coming from that punch, it was devastating. The kid’s strength was clearly just a Mid-Heavenly God yet the power behind his attack was of a Half-Step Divine King. That powerful punch made the Half-Step Divine King take it seriously.
“Such a terrifying fella!” Hong Yan’s eyes shone brightly with shock. Looks like Jiang Chen wasn’t as weak as he seemed.
“Strong!” Fei Ying’s eyes lit up.
He previously thought of Jiang Chen as somewhat above average but did not expect him to display such an explosive strength, one really shouldn’t judge a book by its cover.
The one who was the most shocked was none other than Yu Erniang, she knew that Jiang Chen was strong but did not expect him to be stronger than her second brother. His stance, his strength… it was top notch.
The might of a single punch shocked all spectators. He Ba unexpectedly got pushed back a dozen steps, staggering as he tried to stabilize his form. Xiong Zhan and  Zhu Ri immediately halted as they knew that they wouldn’t fare any better than He Ba. Plus, they were both injured. Their situation wasn’t looking good, and it’ll certainly be a hard fight to get that red seed from Jiang Chen.
“A true young hero, it’s a pity. Haih.” The old gibbon sighed.
It was a pity that they were enemies, Jiang Chen was the same as the others, he’s here for the sake of the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart. The old gibbon saw something different from Jiang Chen. He did not want to join in this battle, yet it couldn’t be helped, this was his legacy, his mission.
Jiang Chen stood proudly, not even Half-Step Divine Kings dared to belittle him now.
“My, Jiang Chen’s stuff has never been given away for free before.” Jiang Chen said indifferently with a cold gaze.
This fella has been hiding his true strength, or maybe everyone just ignored his existence. His powerful display has caused everyone to go silent.
“Come, I, Jiang Chen, shall gladly take up any challenges for those who can accept it.”
Xiong Zhan looked at Zhu Ri and said palely:
“I rather see any one of you get the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart rather than fall to the hands of those outsiders.”
He Ba and Zhu Ri’s determination were once again lit up by Xiong Zhan’s words.
“Alright, boy, let’s see who’s going to have the last laugh. ”
He Ba, Zhu Ri, and Xiong Zhan, the three of them unleashed their true form as they vowed to fight Jiang Chen till the end. This red seed must not be his to take.
“Am I a decoration to you guys? Hmph.” Yu Jingfan knew that he needed to act now.
Jiang Chen had saved them several times. Now that Jiang Chen had to face these shameless Half-Step Divine Kings alone, it would be heartless of him if he were to stand idle.
“Tianqi Mountain Range’s item should not be taken by an outsider!” Xiong Zhan said.
“Let’s see whether you have what it takes!” Yu Jingfan looked at Jiang Chen, both of them nodded as they joined forces to face the trio.
Jiang Chen pushed forward without fear as his dominating fist exploded.
Jiang Chen became extremely proactive, compared to his quiet display earlier. He wanted to let the trio know what it means to be an expert.
Jiang Chen almost crushed them as he faced the trio alone. Yu Jingfan was just there to support, that’s all. Jiang Chen clashed against Xiong Zhan, fist-to-fist, mano-y-mano. The latter backed off after an exchange of ten punches, Xiong Zhan’s thick and powerful body got beaten down and he coughed out blood.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2537 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2538


Where to find the fated one despite hearing the sound of the bamboo flute?
Fei Ying quickly protected Xiong Zhan but was also pushed back by a single punch from Jiang Chen.
Whereas He Ba wasn’t as lucky as Xiong Zhan. Jiang Chen locked onto him, rendering He Ba’s swift techniques useless.
Jiang Chen fought in close quarter, forcing He Ba into a passive position. He, who was an old monster of the Tianqi Mountain Range, was pushed into this situation. His eyes were filled with fear. Jiang Chen was set on killing him.
Zhu Ri did not dawdle as he kept on tackling, ramming Jiang Chen backwards but Jiang Chen managed to rush back without issue. He completely overpowered the duo, and he could’ve finished them off within 10 clashes if he used the Dragon Transformation.
Yu Jingfan was in utter shock. Jiang Chen’s strength felt like an indomitable mountain, unmovable.
“I don’t wanna die!” He Ba shrieked in fear.
However, Jiang Chen did not give him a chance to react as he pounded, shattering He Ba’s bones and meridians, completely crippling him and his divine energy dissipated. Now he looked like a wilted old piece of wood.
“I, Zhu Ri, did not expect to walk out of this alive.” Zhu Ri harrumphed, he would rather die standing than dying like a coward.
“Then, I’ll give you a swift death.” Jiang Chen back-thrust with his leg, making Hong Yan and Fei Ying instinctively back off as the force was too great.
Zhu Ri suffered a serious injury, putting him at the edge of death. But Jiang Chen was pretty impressed by his guts.
“Don’t let me suffer.” Zhu Ri looked at Jiang Chen.
“Alright.”
Jiang Chen then punched and sent him off to the other side.
Yu Jingfan finally knew how terrifying and unstoppable Jiang Chen was.
Suddenly, a rapid tune coming from a flute reverberated through the endless pit. Everyone’s attention turned towards the source of the sound.
“It’s him?” Jiang Chen said.
It’s the same flute that he had heard from the peach blossom forest, familiar, but this time it’s more heart-racing. Everyone felt threatened, nervous as a new enemy suddenly emerged.
An azure-robed girl with a temperament of a lotus root slowly descended upon the group with a bamboo flute in her palm, a pretty lady.
“Little fella, to think you came here too.” The Old Gibbon murmured and sighed.
“I am only acting upon the request of others, just staying loyal to my duty.” The young lady’s voice was clear and soothing as she looked at the old ape.
“The voice of the bamboo flute reaches the whole valley, yet where is the fated one?” Jiang Chen said with a smile.
He did not expect the expert who pushed him to a corner was a weak-looking young lady.
“You flatter me.”
The calm eyes of the young lady had a hint of surprise. Those words made her heart slightly tremble.
“I’ve played the bamboo flute for three thousand years, leaving the marks of time within the valley. Why does the powerful one able to dream of Qinse (a musical instrument) and accidentally fall into the mortal realm.” The young lady lightly sighed.
This was her life and Jiang Chen managed to see through it. The bamboo flute’s voice has reached every inch and miles of the valley, never once had she met her fated one. She entered the path of Dao with the voice of the bamboo flute, reigning supreme in the Tianqi Mountain Range with her soul energy, remaining aloof towards the material world. She was a legend.
The young lady’s demeanour was angelic, not caring for things within the material world. She then lightly pointed and the last flame qi went towards her palm.
The young lady moved her palm and a black seed appeared and fused with the flame qi, forming the red seed. The four seeds instantly shone brightly and the already burning Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine burned with even greater intensity.
“This is the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart…” The young lady lightly smacked her lips, looking at the red seed.
At this moment, Fei Ying was in utter shock. He suddenly remembered the lord mentioning that a powerful expert with immense spiritual energy resides within the depths of the Tianqi Mountain Range, one that does not care about the matters of the material world. To think that this weak-looking young lady was her? Of course, Fei Ying would not be fooled by her appearance.
“May I ask who has requested this lady to do such an errand?” Jiang Chen said.
If his guess was right, it must be that mysterious black-figure. The true expert was just starting to reveal themselves.
“Who are you to care?” The young lady said without emotion.
“Well then, I’ll have to go against your wishes.” Jiang Chen smiled.
“I may have lost against you once. But this does mean that I’ll lose again to you.” The young lady seemed to have an obsession in her heart as he looked at Jiang Chen deeply.
“Really? Let’s see about that.”
Jiang Chen wanted to know who’s pulling behind the strings and try to force the person behind her to reveal himself.
Jiang Chen jumped towards the sky and the young lady played her flute with calmness in her eyes, as if everything around her could not change the calmness in her eyes.
Powerful spirit swords burst from her body, with the strength of a Heavenly Divine Tool. like the death-scythe of a death-god. Jiang Chen unleashed all his spiritual energy and formed a sturdy shield. Everyone was in awe with the young lady’s invincible spirit sword. But Jiang Chen was able to ignore it as he closed in on her. Her eyes finally showed a shred of surprise.
“Jiang Chen… Show mercy!” The old gibbon said.
He knew that he’s unqualified to ask Jiang Chen to have mercy, however, he didn’t want the young lady to get hurt.
Jiang Chen slowly and gradually closed the distance between them. Finally, their distance was just a breath apart. Both of their spiritual energy was negated. The young lady blushed as she staggered back away from him. At this moment, Jiang Chen moved. The target? The red seed within her palm.
“Hehehe, truly Jiang Chen, it’s been a long time. To think that you’re still the same old sly fox.” A familiar voice resounded.
Jiang Chen frowned after hearing these words. A black figure appeared before Jiang Chen, robbing the red seed from the young lady’s palm.
Jiang Chen felt extremely familiar with this black-hooded man. But he couldn’t tell who it was.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2538 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2539


Heavenly Fire Domain
The red seed slowly rose from the black-hooded man’s palm with a mysterious flow. The black-hooded man slowly raised his head and Jiang Chen’s gaze was locked on his face.
“You… to think you’re still alive?” Jiang Chen said.
He never expected the man to be the person who should’ve been dead.
“You never thought of this, right? You killed me with your own hands, however, I’m here, still alive and well. Hahaha!” Li Zongheng said and laughed madly.
Sharp eyes with powerful aura emitted under that hood. A Half-Step Divine King. Fei Ying and the others were obviously different from him as he was infinitely close towards the Divine King Realm, he had become invincible under the Half-Step Divine King realm.
Jiang Chen’s expression slightly moved and he said indifferently:
“Looks like I’ve looked down on you. Resurrection, interesting, interesting indeed. The one who resurrected you must be strong.”
“Jiang Chen, you managed to kill me in the past. Today, we must settle this once and for all. I won’t be able to wash away my hatred without killing you myself.”
Li Zongheng went through a deathly experience, but had managed to survive until the end. However, Jiang Chen had become an insurmountable obstacle in his heart!
He couldn’t do anything when Jiang Chen killed him. He could only silently await his death at that time, becoming one of those killed in action inside the Hidden Secret Realm. Fortunately, the Hidden Secret Realm had countless trapped souls and Li Zongheng was resurrected by a powerful expert and took his soul out from that place.
Li Zongheng could never forget the instant when Jiang Chen killed him. The despair and desolation within his heart. It was thanks to the heavens that he was able to come back to this plain and attempt to reach supremacy once again.
The Ghost Eye Sect’s resources could not help him improve further, but now he was different from the past.
“Really? I had already killed you once, I think I can probably kill you again. It shouldn’t be too much of a hassle.” Jiang Chen said confidently.
At this moment, Fei Ying, Hong Yan and the others were in utter shock. Jiang Chen dared to spout such nonsense. The black-hooded man was pretty strong. Fei Ying could clearly tell that even at his peak, he only had a slim chance of winning against the black hooded man. However, Jiang Chen was able to speak with such confidence, a naive youngling truly does not fear the world. But the most shocking thing was that Jiang Chen said that he had already killed him once.
“Thou art a beautiful woman, why do you assist in the cause of an evil person?”Jiang Chen looked at the young lady and sighed.
The young lady wanted to say something but chose to be silent. Li Zongheng’s cold eyes were like a pair of sharp blades, staring down towards Jiang Chen with murderous intent.
“You said this yourself I am looking forward to it, do you have what it takes to kill me the second time. Do you really think I’m still my weak self? I am just a step away from the Divine King realm, what do you have to face me? Hahaha!”
Li Zongheng too was confident. Both of their confidence was off the roof. However, Li Zongheng obviously came prepared.
“You’re still great with your mouth, aren’t you still the same as in the past, where you got beaten down by me in the end? Do you think you can defeat me after resurrecting? A loser will always remain a loser.” Jiang Chen looked down on Li Zongheng with pride.
Li Zongheng’s eyes became cold. That scar silently pressured him within his heart, causing him to gasp for air. He had vowed to kill Jiang Chen, otherwise he would be unfit to be called a human!
Yu Jingfan, Fei Ying and the others were dumbfounded. A Mid Heavenly God kid’s arrogance was off-the-roof.
The both of them were now very different from their past whereby the difference in their cultivation realm was too vast. Jiang Chen may not be able to win if they clashed again.
Only Xue Liang knew how terrifying Jiang Chen was. This battle will most likely be a shocking battle.
A battle was on the verge of exploding, however a change occurred as the burning Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine burst into flame and the red seeds started to crack under the heat.
“How could this be?” Hong Yan said in shock.
A heart-shaped crystal came out from the cracked red seed, like a new-born baby. It’s filled with massive and pure energy, signifying its extraordinary existence.
“This is the true Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart.” Fei Ying said excitedly as he tightly grasped the seed, trying not to gulp it down immediately.
The Divine Beast White Tiger then licked its dried lips as greed filled its eyes.
However, the flaming Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine had covered the whole endless pit, everyone felt short of breath as if their divine energy were depleting.
“This Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine, there’s something off!” Jiang Chen frowned.
“If it wasn’t for the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart, I would torment you here and now, and I will make you wish you’re dead.”
Li Zongheng did not attack first as the heart-shaped crystals attracted everyone’s attention. That terrifying energy had caused them to be alarmed.
“Heavenly Fire Domain!” The old gibbon gasped as he looked up.
The skies were covered with the raging flame of the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine. To think they’re trapped in this endless pit after the Heavenly Fire Domain limited their space to move around.
“What is the Heavenly Fire Domain?” Jiang Chen looked at the old ape.
“I don’t know, however I do know that this was a message left behind by my ancestor. The Heavenly Fire Domain was the last thing they ever saw.” The old ape said.
He could feel a hint of death coming towards him. This was probably the reason why his ancestors mysteriously disappeared. The Heavenly Fire Domain was created from a sealed space with the extreme Heavenly Fire. Especially in this pit, there’s no place for them to run, only death awaits them.
Jiang Chen also realized the seriousness of the situation. The Heavenly Fire Domain, it’s name could even make people’s hair stand on end. Plus, the Heavenly Fire was on the same level with his Five Elemental True Fires, and he had never heard of this Heavenly Fire. However, this flame caused the Five Elemental True Fire within his body to become restless.
“This Heavenly Fire is terrifying.” Yu Erniang murmured.
Death crept upon each person’s heart as the Heavenly Fire was hanging on the sky, slowly dropping downwards, inch by inch, meter by meter, it was a challenge towards their heart.
“Everything shall burn into ashes under the Heavenly Fire Domain, quickly towards the treehole.”
The Divine Beast White Tiger rushed into the flaming tree hole. Everyone hesitated as it was where the Divine Beast White Tiger headed. They dare not to be reckless, but only death awaits them if they stayed. The Heavenly Fire Domain may burn them into nothingness. Not even the powerful Li Zongheng dared to be reckless.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2539 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2540


The True Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart
The pressure became too heavy. Fei Ying, Hong Yan and the others started to gasp for air as the situation suddenly became dire.
Who can survive the Heavenly Fire? That devastating Heavenly Fire had become a life-and-death catastrophe of theirs.
“F*ck it, let’s just enter and ignore the rest.” Fei Ying took Xiong Zhan into the flaming tree hole and Hong Yan quickly followed behind.
“Xue Liang, Third Brother Yu, lead the both of them into the tree hole.” Jiang Chen said.
Yu Jingfan and Xue Liang led Yu Huafan and Yu Erniang into the tree-hole.
“Jiang Chen, you must survive!” Yu Erniang shouted.
Finally, the young lady and the old gibbon looked at each other as they entered the raging tree hole.
Jiang Chen and Li Zongheng looked at each other calmly. Only the two of them were calm.
“Aren’t you afraid of death?” Li Zongheng asked.
“Are you not?”  Jiang Chen asked back.
“For a person who has already died once, what do you think?” Li Zongheng suddenly smiled.
“I do not fear death, because I will not die.” Jiang Chen said with a dominating vigour.
“Then, why don’t we fight in this Heavenly Fire Domain? What do you think?” Li Zongheng said without fear.
“This Heavenly Fire Domain is probably a gimmick. Although the Heavenly Fire is pretty strong but for it to come down on us from above, don’t you think it’s strange?” Jiang Chen said indifferently.
“Indeed. From the moment I’ve entered this place, something feels amiss.” Li Zongheng frowned.
“A greater plot is probably going to fall upon us.” Jiang Chen replied.
Suddenly, a scream could be heard from the tree-hole.
Jiang Chen looked down on the red seed and said:
“This is probably a part of the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart’s energy, the true Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart is in that tree hole.”
Li Zongheng did not doubt him as the scream had proven his statement. Jiang Chen and Li Zongheng then simultaneously rushed into the tree hole.
Jiang Chen found that this tree hole was an atypical flaming space, terrifying flame burned through the space. Fei Ying and Xiong Zhan were missing. Yu Jingfan, Xue Liang, Hong Yan and the others were fighting the Divine Beast White Tiger. The old gibbon was weak and the young lady was supporting him. Jiang Chen was guessing the relationship between the two.
The Divine Beast White Tiger was stronger than before as if it received a blessing from the gods.
“Fei Ying and Xiong Zhan got devoured by him. This tree hole is his nest, his power would continuously rise.” Xue Liang shouted.
“Such a cunning fella. This is all a ploy from you, if I’m correct. Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart!”Jiang Chen said.
The Divine Beast White Tiger and the old gibbon trembled from Jiang Chen’s words.
“What? The Divine Beast White Tiger is the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart!”
Yu Jingfan and the others were in utter shock. How can the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart be him?!
Li Zongheng’s eyes squinted as he could see the Divine Beast White Tiger feeling tense, meaning that Jiang Chen was right.
Jiang Chen had doubts. The four crystal hearts were not the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart and the Divine Beast White Tiger came from the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine. Although he’s a Divine Beast, he has never unleashed any divine skills , lest its inheritance, and with the old gibbon assisting him. Jiang Chen was sure that the White Tiger was the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart, without a doubt.
“To think that the Divine Beast White Tiger is the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart” Yu Erniang shouted, in shock.
However, the White Tiger was getting even more confident and it’s strength kept on growing. Fei Ying and Xiong Zhan got devoured by him. The others were currently in great danger.
The young lady wasn’t that shocked. Because the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart had nothing to do with her. However, the old ape stared at Jiang Chen, his perfect plan was seen through by Jiang Chen. This fella’s eyes are extremely sharp. 
“Lad, I hate and love you at the same time, I love your talent, I hate that you’re too smart, exceptional amongst your peers. You shouldn’t be pulled into this, however, those who enter this tree-hole must die. The moment you’ve entered this endless pit, your end was already set.” The old ape said in a serious tone.
The Divine Beast White Tiger looked down on the crowd with arrogance. Now, he had what it takes to take down every single one of them. The situation had become dire.
“Red-Clothed Formation!” Hong Yan harrumphed and flashed.
Thirteen figures formed a formation and surrounded the white tiger.
The Red-Clothed Formation was pretty strong as it was Hong Yan’s ace-in-the-hole. It was rare to see someone under the Divine King Realm break through this formation.
*Roar~* 
However, the Divine Beast White Tiger was one of those rare cases. The formation was utterly shattered followed by its roar, and Hong Yan flew back with a bloodied body. The beast then gulped down Hong Yan and the crystal heart into its body, further increasing its power.
But at this moment, the Divine Beast White Tiger’s gaze fell upon Jiang Chen and Li Zongheng.
“Every single one of you shall become my dinner.”
The Divine Beast White Tiger squinted and turned towards Yu Jingfan. Yu Jingfan quickly backed off, how could a Half-Step Divine King not have any tricks up their sleeves?
“Yan Ling Yu!” Yu Jingfan shouted.
This was his clan’s Heavenly Divine Tool, Yan Ling Yu. This divine tool could buff the members of the Yu Clan. Feathers filled the skies, filling the flaming red sky with feathers, and the feathers then pierced towards the Divine Beast White Tiger. The beast roared, it was unfazed by the attack.
“Such a terrifying fella.” Yu JIngfan gasped as he staggered with shock and fear.
“Fruitless effort.” The White Tiger sneered as he pounced upon Yu Jingfan.
Xue Liang sent out a slash, trying to stop the beast. His blade was then filled with a golden aura.
“Not bad, you’re considered somewhat strong.” The Divine Beast White Tiger did not get mad and turned towards Xue Liang.
Xue Liang’s blade started to glow in a golden light.
“Forgotten Sword Art, Golden Saint Sword!”
Xue Liang unleashed his power, red and gold rays of light clashed. The Divine Beast White Tiger swiped through the crowd and as he clashed with the Golden Saint Sword, pushing Xue Liang a hundred meters back.
The Divine Beast White Tiger was still as powerful as ever. After gulping down Fei Ying and Hong Yan’s heart-shaped crystal, the Tiger was on the verge of breaking through. Plus, the four crystal hearts were originally his, his rightful energy had returned back to him and he was buffed by the tree-hole. His might has reached a terrifying height.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2540 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2541


I’m the Descendant of Dragon
The Golden Saint Sword was torn apart by the Divine White Tiger’s claws.
“Forgotten Sword Scar.”
Xue Liang surged forward once again, taking the bull by the horns.
His little shadow was in stark contrast with the enormous body of the Divine White Tiger. Xue Liang did not retreat without a fight this time. Both of them stepped back but there was now a little crack in Xue Liang’s sword.
“You have so much strength.”
The Divine White Tiger was absorbing the energy of the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart. This also determined that its existence was closely connected with the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart and it was his strongest card.
Jiang Chen looked fixedly at them. Xue Liang’s power was thoroughly exposed. The third sword was his strongest sword.
“Forgotten Sword turns everything into void!”
Xue Liang turned cold and overbearing. His strike was irresistible, it could sweep through three hundred people like a rising sun. The Divine White Tiger became serious this time. A huge shadow of the sword was scampering through the sky which felt like penetrating through his heart.
“Just melt!”
The Divine White Tiger swallowed the huge shadow of the sword, making Xue Liang relatively confused and in pain. He was being thrown out by the Divine White Tiger and the shadow of his sword was being engulfed.
Xue Liang retreated, went down on one knee and stood with the help of his sword. However the sword was not in its strongest at the moment.
“The moment when the sword is reforged, it will be the time for the return of the swordsman!”
Xue Liang looked up into the sky and murmured. Even though he lost, he refused to give up.
“How about getting rid of this White Tiger first and settle our old scores later?”
Li Zongheng glanced at Jiang Chen.
“I was about to say the same thing.”
Jiang Chen and Li Zongheng gazed upon each other. Even though Li Zongheng was killed by Jiang Chen once, he was still exalted with pride. After getting a new life, the only knot in his heart was to beat Jiang Chen fair and square.
So, Jiang Chen had never been afraid that he would play any trick.
The real strongest experts tend to maintain their dignity and insist on their belief, so does Li Zongheng. And besides, he was proud of himself.
“Even if you found the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart, what can you do to me? Hahaha!” The Divine White Tiger confidently said.
“Let’s see if you are truly capable to devour me.”
Jiang Chen challenged.
“Both of you will become my delicious meal.”
The Divine White Tiger giggled, declaring both of their death sentences. Now that he settled on the both of them, there was no need to worry about anything. The rest were just non-threatening and useless troops.
“Am I doing the right thing?”
The old gibbon had fallen into silence. He realized that the Divine White Tiger was not composed and calm as what he had expected. For more than the past thousand years, he had been protecting the Dong Wu Sunset Mountain and preventing others from entering the place as it would be a threat to the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart and his own safety.
He had been protecting his family thousands of years ago. But his ancestors mysteriously disappeared without a reason so he believed that their disappearance was possibly related to the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart.
“Without the help of the old gibbon, I might have become the food of the tiger and wolf.”
A young girl in green whispered.
“You are born to be a child of heaven, you won’t die for sure even without me. You’re just different with others.”
The old gibbon heaved a deep sigh.
“You’re different from me too. I didn’t know if I am doing the right thing right now. Is the inheritance of my ancestors merely to protect the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart?”
The old gibbon felt confused. There was a crack in his heart, making him feel incomplete and guilty.
“Why did you help that person in black?”
The old gibbon lowered his eyebrows.
“I……I don’t know. But he was holding a token in his hand and the token is familiar which made me feel like it has been existing in my life till now.”
The girl in green seldom talks much like this.
“Token? What token is that?”
The old gibbon asked with astonishment.
“Buddha Token.”
“Buddha Token?”
The old gibbon shook his head. He knew nothing except the things that happened in Tian Qi Mountain Range. The moment that he was born, he was destined to live with a mission which was guarding the Wu Dong Sunset Mountain and protecting the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart.
The Divine White Tiger struck Jiang Chen and Li Zongheng again and again. Both of them were unbeatable and mighty strong, which means they posed a great threat to the Divine White Tiger.
“Roar……Roar……”
The Divine White Tiger roared constantly which sounded like it’s expressing its anger. But it was getting stronger and it was never afraid of Jiang Chen and Li Zongheng.
“You look weak, let’s start from you.”
The Divine White Tiger narrowed its eyes and rushed at Jiang Chen. Jiang Chen sneered and exerted the dragon transformation. He transformed into half dragon and half human. He looked majestic, he was full of overbearing aura which wanted to challenge heaven and earth at the same time.
Jiang Chen struck a heavy blow against the Divine White Tiger, shedding rays in all directions and shattering the heavens with a thunderous noise. In front of the Divine White Tiger, Jiang Chen seemed insignificant to be mentioned but the strike which did not look very destructive had made the Divine White Tiger take a deep breath. Their strength was on the same level and the White Tiger failed to show its mightiness in front of Jiang Chen.
Jiang Chen was constraining the Divine White Tiger with his formidable dragon’s dignity. This was the first time that the White Tiger lost the initiative in the fight.
“What exactly are you, a human or a dragon?”
The Divine White Tiger roared in a deep voice.
“I am the Descendant of Dragon.”
Jiang Chen smiled confidently, surging forward and kept battering the Divine White Tiger. Although he looked weak and incapable, he managed to hit an earth-shattering and devastating blow.
“You’re such a terrifying guy.”
Yu Jingfan was full of mixed filling as he clearly understood the difference between Jiang Chen and himself at the moment. This guy was not a Half-step Divine King, but his strength had already reached the Half-step Divine King Realm. His terrifying human and dragon body managed to constrain the Divine White Tiger. Even Yu Jingfan himself could clearly feel the mightiness of the dragon.
Yu Jingfan glanced at Yu Er’niang. It was definitely not an easy task to obtain the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart.
“Little Seven, you’re just good at sizing people up as always. I am not as good as you.”
Yu Huafan sighed and gazed at Yu Er’niang at the same time.
Yu Er’niang fixed her glance at Jiang Chen, struggling with mixed emotions. He was truly strong and the combat strength he showed was irresistible and unparalleled in the Divine King Realm. He could defeat countless people with this human-dragon body.
The old gibbon was startled and astonished deep inside. The Divine White Tiger had a destructive power of a mythological beast which was terrifying, but so was the Jiang Chen’s mightiness of a dragon.
Jiang Chen’s aura was overbearing, soaring into heaven. However, the Divine White Tiger was not easy to deal with as the cave that hid with the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart was its own turf after all. It was impossible for Jiang Chen to severely injure the beast wounded as its ability to recover was incredibly fast and its strength was constantly increasing.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2541 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2542


A Wild Ambition
Li Zongheng refused to admit defeat. After Jiang Chen had gone through the transformation, his aura was growing stronger. He looked dignified and anxious.
“Little Buddha Art! Buddha that startles the heavens!”
When Li Zongheng casted his technique, wind blew from all directions. A gust of black wind was formed in his hand and a huge enormous palm print was struck out, and it then collided fiercely with the Divine White Tiger. The strong blow that Li Zongheng struck out was ferocious and invincible which could conquer the mountains and rivers.
The Divine White Tiger looked astonished and retreated rapidly. However,  Li Zongheng was keen on fighting the White Tiger. The Divine White Tiger snorted, barely resisting the strike.
However, it was immediately sent flying after getting punched by Jiang Chen. It was awkward and miserable as two of its teeth were knocked out by Jiang Chen.
“You have such a strong flesh. I am still wondering what exactly you are, a human or a beast.”
Yu Huafan smiled bitterly. Jiang Chen made him understand a profound truth. The power of the body could be as ferocious as a beast, causing one’s offensive and defensive ability to reach the peak.
Jiang Chen was equipped with the Dragon Scale Armor, overwhelming dragon’s breath and unbeatable mightiness of dragon.
Jiang Chen showed the world who the real king was. So what if the Divine White Tiger was here? No one could even make him take a half-step backward. Jiang Chen stepped forward, forcing the tiger back with irresistible force. The Little Buddha Art of Li Zongheng looked tough and aggressive as well. Under their combined strength, the Divine White Tiger had lost its majestic and overbearing appearance earlier. However, it kept drawing the energy in the cave where the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart was hidden and refused to give up.
“I have never expected that you had made such a huge improvement.”
Li Zongheng glanced at Jiang Chen.
“You’re doing quite good as well.” Jiang Chen said with a slight smile.
In front of the dragon transformation art, the tiger was deprived of reason. The White Tiger was being trampled miserably by Jiang Chen during the battle. The tiger would’ve already collapsed if not for its  ability to recover being fast enough and without the infusion of energy.
“Buddha covers the sky!”
Li Zongheng howled. The cave that was glowing with sparking flames was darkened like the night by a giant palm which was trying to reach out to the Divine White Tiger. Jiang Chen followed up immediately, entangling with the Divine White Tiger. There was no chance for the Divine White Tiger to escape, it was roaring under the huge palm of Li Zongheng, eventually retreating due to the duo’s  continuous attacks. Both Jiang Chen and Li Zongheng were at its heels, giving the Divine White Tiger a stronger attack at lightning speed which made it unable to resist or turn things around.
“No, I don’t want to die!”
The Divine White Tiger finally looked terrified and worried as it could strongly feel the killing intent of Jiang Chen and Li Zongheng at this moment. It had stayed alive for over thousands of years, hoping that one day it would be able to transform into a human. Unfortunately, it was under a fatal death-blow at this moment.
“Such a greedy human, you will be dead in your boots.”
The Divine White Tiger said, grinding its teeth. However,  it had already lost two of its fangs which made it look extremely ridiculous.
Jiang Chen sneered. Why didn’t the Divine White Tiger admit its own faults after swallowing those people? And no one had expected that the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart would transform into a tiger eventually.
However, Jiang Chen and Li Zongheng obviously didn’t have any intention  to hold back. At this moment, the Divine White Tiger could hardly resist their attacks. It seemed like it was at death’s door now.
“No way, I will never let them kill the tiger.”
The old gibbon said in a low voice. After struggling, his rationality had finally prevailed over his emotion. No matter if he was weak or merciful, he had no choice but to follow those rules. He was destined to become the guardian of the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart since the moment he was born. In other words, he was bound to protect the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart in his entire life.
The old gibbon was not sure whether his ancestors were foolish to follow it blindly, however,  he had no choice but to follow. Otherwise, he would be ashamed to face his ancestors after death.
The old gibbon gathered all of his strength and leapt up into the sky and held back Jiang Chen and Li Zongheng.
The old gibbon was in a towering rage, sending out a strike and managing to make  Jiang Chen step backward. Jiang Chen narrowed his eyes and stared at the old gibbon.
“Are you really bound to fight to the death with us? But you will never be able to save the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart.”
Jiang Chen looked at him with sharp eyes. Jiang Chen did not mean to trouble the old gibbon but he insisted on meddling in the battle.The old gibbon could actually stand outside and live peacefully like usual. However,  he was determined to protect the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart and vowed to fight to the death.
Jiang Chen had to admit that the unshakable strong determination of the old gibbon had impressed him. However, this was a life and death battle and everyone was here for the precious Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart.
There was obviously no chance of retreat as everyone had burned their bridges behind them.
“It is my ultimate mission. I will definitely protect the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart even if I lose my life.”
The old gibbon said in a deep voice, blocking the path between Jiang Chen and the Divine White Tiger.
“Old monkey, it seems like you’re really stubborn. Let me send you to hell then.”
There was a kind of glitter in Li Zongheng’s eyes, looking cold and gloomy.
“I hope that you’re right.”
Jiang Chen did not say much as he believed that he already showed great respect by launching the battle. It did not matter if he won or lost but this battle would definitely make the old gibbon die without any regret.
“Thank you.”
The old gibbon said, showing his clear eyes. He was facing death unflinchingly as he was ready to fight to the death. Jiang Chen and Li Zongheng were not ordinary people, they were just slightly inferior to a Divine King which was extraordinarily strong and unbeatable.
“Well, I will fulfill your wish then.”
The Divine White Tiger had done something which was out of everyone’s expectation. It opened its bloody mouth and swallowed the old gibbon all of a sudden. Even Jiang Chen did not expect that to happen.
The young girl in green sunk into despair, looking upset.
Jiang Chen felt astonished and became serious at this moment.
“You……should have died.”
Jiang Chen gritted his teeth and said.
“He is willing to live and die for me, I believe that this will be his greatest honour. And he should feel proud and glorious by dying this way. Every generation of gibbons in the forest are the best fertilizer for me! Hahaha.”
The Divine White Tiger laughed wildly, full of deadly coldness and gloomy aura.
Jiang Chen narrowed his eyes and stared fixedly at the Divine White Tiger. It was a pity that the old gibbon still felt proud of his loyalty before his death. In the next moment, he was swallowed by the White Tiger. It seemed like he had never expected the Divine White Tiger had such wild ambition.
Even though Jiang Chen did not care about the old gibbon’s loyalty, he was trying to respect his choice. Unfortunately, everything went downhill. Everyone was shocked at the sad ending. Perhaps the old gibbon would never understand the misery of being betrayed in his entire life. Jiang Chen felt truly sorry and sorrowful upon his death. The kindness of the old gibbon was just to avoid more people from dying in the battle when fighting for the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart. His original intention was to protect the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart, and he had successfully saved most of them from danger. Only those who were obsessed with greed and strong determination were trapped in the Peach Blossom Spring for a long time.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2542 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2543


The Demon inside Li Zongheng’s Heart
“I won’t ever feel guilty about his death. He was bound to live and die for the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart. This is the inheritance of the gibbons through the ages which also only showed that their life originally belonged to me.”
The strength of the Divine White Tiger reached another level. At the moment, its power reached the critical point of making a breakthrough. After swallowing the old gibbon, it had reached another level in strength and the addition of the energy of the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart also created an opportunity for it to break through to the Divine King Realm.
“We must not let him break through to the Divine King Realm. Otherwise, we will be in trouble for sure.” Li Zongheng said in a deep voice.
It was not that he was afraid of the Divine White Tiger, but he did not want the White Tiger to become their stumbling block. And Jiang Chen has been coveting for the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart eagerly.
“You’re truly cruel hearted. The old gibbon vowed to protect you to the end of his life but you chose to swallow him instead. His death was a great sorrow.”
Yu Huafan looked serious. He was a guy of sentiment. Even though he was not on the same line with the old gibbon, he was still feeling aggrieved with how the old gibbon was treated. The Divine White Tiger was a cold-hearted monster.
There was full of killing intent in Jiang Chen’s eyes. He was determined to kill this Divine White Tiger who transformed from the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart. No one could hold him back anymore.
Jiang Chen and Li Zongheng used to be enemies, but both of them had reached a consensus to confront the Divine White Tiger whose strength continued to rise constantly. Their attacks were still extraordinarily strong as always.
Jiang Chen swore to defend to the death with his full strength. However, the tiger never stopped  absorbing the energy in the holes of the tree. It was internal and unbeatable. But Jiang Chen was like a sharp wicked knife which constrained the Divine White Tiger by striking its back.
Li Zongheng’s Little Buddha Art kept bothering the Divine White Tiger. It was attacked front and rear, both of them had the whip hand over the Divine White Tiger. But it remained calm without showing any nervousness or hesitation, it seemed to have a well thought out plan.
“It’s enough. Now, it’s my turn.”
The Divine White Tiger’s eyes were sparkling and it smiled coldly. Jiang Chen’s dragon transformation had repressed it from making a turnaround. At the moment, it finally made a breakthrough to the Divine King Realm.
“Oh no! He still managed to break through the Divine King Realm after all.”
Li Zongheng said in a low voice.
“Not yet. He was just trying to reach the Divine King Realm using a part of the energy of the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart. But it will be able to make it eventually.”
Jiang Chen looked cruel and gloomy.
“Even so, I can still take your life easily.”
The Divine White Tiger was trying to turn defeat into victory, and started to launch a counterattack.
“Sword of Solitude! Man and Sword merged into one!”
Jiang Chen intended to burn the bridges behind the Divine White Tiger as his tolerance had reached the limit. It would be a glorious death if he had a fight with the old gibbon. However, he was shocked to watch the old gibbon being swallowed by the Divine White Tiger. The beast was truly a monster.
Jiang Chen turned himself into a gleam of light and the light spread throughout heaven and earth. The loneliness of the sword swept through the nine heavens, irresistible and overwhelming.
“Heavenly Great Fortune Palm!”
Li Zongheng also struck out remorselessly. Jiang Chen had seen this attack previously, it was exceedingly strong and terrifying. Both of them were exerting the ace up their sleeve, not planning to spare the life of the Divine White Tiger.
“The mightiness of White Tiger, and the Hereditary Qi shock the universe!”
The Divine White Tiger was spurting its Divine Origin Strength, covering heaven and earth. This was its ability of retaining its memories, the Hereditary Qi was shocking the universe. But Jiang Chen and Li Zongheng did not give up. The wind was howling wildly, the sun was blotted and the sky covered. The attack was too strong to resist, even the space of the tree hole was nearly shattered.
Jiang Chen’s Sword of Solitude and the Fusion of Man and Sword acted extremely fast. It pierced through the body of the Divine White Tiger and nine swords travelled through the body again and again.
The blast of wind covered the sky. Jiang Chen passed through the wind and made the Divine White Tiger completely constricted. The Divine White Tiger felt his body being penetrated. The Heavenly Great Fortune Palm, meanwhile, had completely knocked the beast down, its knee cap broken and it now lay flat on the earth. It had lost its battle strength entirely, it was weakened.
Jiang Chen’s strength was exhausted as well. He had exerted nine swords in one attack which wasn’t something he could do in the past. Li Zongheng was also in the same situation as the Heavenly Great Fortune Palm was his best shot. In order to kill the Divine White Tiger as soon as possible, both of them had shown their cards up their sleeve. Even though the Divine White Tiger had slightly attained its memories, it was useless.
“It will not be this easy if the true Divine White Tiger exerted its full strength.”
Jiang Chen murmured. He looked at the White Tiger who was puffing hard and lying on the earth, full of killing intent.
“Just accept the trials of death.”
Jiang Chen struck once again, trying to kill the Divine White Tiger but he was unexpectedly stopped by Yu Er’niang.
“Hold on!”
Yu Er’niang exclaimed, which startled Jiang Chen.
“Just give me a reason to spare its life.”
“If you took its life, the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart will definitely lose its original value. It will become a normal medicine by the time.”
Yu Er’niang looked desperately at Jiang Chen.
Jiang Chen remained silent for a moment.
“I agree with what she said. Even though this monster should die, we only have one Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart.”
Li Zongheng narrowed his eyes and glanced at Jiang Chen. The Divine White Tiger was defeated but their battle had just begun.
“If you said so, I have to own this Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart. I am going to make a pill and the main essential ingredient is this Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart.”
Jiang Chen asserted confidently.
“Although this Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart was important to me, it was incomparable with you in my heart. Perhaps it will be the most exciting thing to kill you rather than getting the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart.”
Li Zongheng smiled slightly, curling up his lips. Enemies are bound to meet on a narrow road. Both of them were determined to fight to death. Even if Jiang Chen was willing to let him off, Li Zongheng would never leave simply.
Jiang Chen understood clearly about the harm that he had brought to him previously. Li Zongheng had made up his mind to take Jiang Chen’s life, he would not be able to become a real strong expert if he failed to release himself from the confinement of his soul.
“Let’s see if you can do that. You vowed to do that before but the ending was totally different. It seems like you still have a bad memory even after escaping from the Hidden Secret Realm.”
Jiang Chen said coldly.
Yu Jingfan and Yu Er’niang felt impressed with Jiang Chen. Jiang Chen was still the same, he was still the inevitable figure who could devour the entire universe and a curse to half of the Lone Dragon County.
“If you wish to do so, I am sure that you will die miserably in this battle. I promise.”
Li Zongheng raised his head slowly. The space of the tree hole was completely covered with an unholy dark aura and the glowing flames were totally shaded.
A life-and-death battle was on the verge of breaking out. Only if Li Zongheng overcame the demon in his heart would he find a wide open path to his bright future!
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2543 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2544


Seventh-Storied Pagoda, Saving the Sentient Beings
“I will definitely get the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart!”
Yu Er’niang looked silently at the shadow of the Divine White Tiger. The tiger that had lost its teeth looked very harmless and docile at the moment. It was lying on the ground and stayed still, its rolling eyes were full of fright and concern.
“Er’niang, stop talking nonsense! Just stay put. If Jiang Chen is able to defeat that monster, it is unnecessary for us to take the risk.”
Yu Huafan whispered. The three of them had been hiding and longing for the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart since hundreds of years ago. How were they supposed to face their elders if they failed on the verge of success? So Yu Er’niang had already prepared herself mentally, she would not go back home if they failed to get the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart.
“However, Jiang Chen was determined to get that Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart too.”
Yu Er’niang murmured. She was caught in a dilemma at this moment. If the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart was obtained, it would be all because of Jiang Chen’s contribution after all. How could she speak up?
“I understand your concern but you shouldn’t do anything rash. We might lose our life if we make the slightest mistake in this awful place.”
Yu Jingfan said in a deep voice and stared at Yu Er’niang intensely.
Jiang Chen and Li Zongheng were ready for battle. Any negligence was not allowed for Jiang Chen in this fight as Li Zongheng’s strength obviously grew stronger after getting a new life. If any mistakes happened unexpectedly, Jiang Chen could not assure that he could defeat him. The world was full of uncertainty and unpredictability, so it was necessary to be extremely cautious in taking any action.
“I have been waiting for this day.”
Li Zongheng’s voice was filled with excitement and killing intent. Jiang Chen was the ultimate demon in his heart. If he could kill Jiang Chen, his future would be totally different like a dragon soaring into the sky and smiling upon the nine heavens. However if he was defeated, he would be constrained even if his strength was extraordinarily strong. So Li Zongheng clearly understood that he had no choice but to succeed in this battle.
Jiang Chen was not the only one he wished to overcome, he also wished to overcome the demon inside his heart.
“History repeats itself and you’re making the same mistake twice.”
Jiang Chen smiled, looking confident and calm. Jiang Chen’s Dragon Transformation was ferocious as always, howling wildly and surging forward with devastating power. On the other hand Li Zongheng roared furiously and became more excited. Both of them were fighting fiercely and scampering through the tree hole.
Xue Liang was observing all of these in silence. Jiang Chen’s strength was still superior to himself after all. It would be impossible for Xue Liang to beat Jiang chen down even if he exhausted all of his power. Xue Liang was someone who refused to be a failure. He was afraid that he was inferior compared to Li Zongheng so he had no choice but to step back and consider things carefully before making a decision once again. He would never lose his original goal of being a strong expert, and he would destroy anyone and anything who tried to block his path.
“I swore to have a toe-to-toe battle with you one day, Jiang Chen.”
Xue Liang murmured. However he preferred Jiang Chen to win and defeat Li Zongheng hard.
Jiang Chen was overbearing and formidable, and full of killing intent. After casting the Dragon Transformation, he could even fight Half-step Divine Kings. Those ordinary Heavenly God Realm experts were not his match at all, even the average Half-step Divine Kings were no match for him.
Jiang Chen’s strength was exceedingly terrifying, as he collided fiercely against Li Zongheng . Jiang Chen condensed a whirlwind on his palm like the roar of the mountains and seas, while Li Zongheng did not shrink back, surging forward with a strong will to fight.
“Little Buddha Art, Seventh-storied Pagoda!”
It was changing constantly in Li Zongheng’s palm. A terrifying black pagoda appeared in the sky. The Pagoda was a seven-storied black pagoda and every level could trample upon all beings. Jiang Chen could feel the suppression coming from the Seventh-storied Pagoda, which made him constantly retreat. It seemed like he had underestimated Li Zongheng.
“Three Thousand Flames Dragon Seal!
Jiang Chen struck out, managing to land a blow on the Seventh-storied Pagoda but it still remained strong and completely intact. Jiang Chen constantly retreated as he was in a disadvantageous position at the moment.
However, Jiang Chen still managed to remain calm and held the Heavenly Dragon Sword in his hand. It had been a while since his last battle. Now, it was the time for him to annihilate the demon again and break the Seventh-storied Pagoda.
“Sword of Solitude resolves all the trouble! A sword that shatters fourteen regions!”
The loneliness of the sword swept through all over the world, and the light of the sword fell down to the ground like a shooting star across the sky. It was ferocious and loud, hitting hard on the Seventh-storied Pagoda. The Seventh-storied Pagoda trembled slightly. Li Zongheng’s face was plastered with a worried frown as he knew that Jiang Chen was finally going to exert his Heavenly Dragon Sword which also indicated that he was losing his temper.
“Seventh-storied Pagoda, destroy the sentient beings!”
Li Zongheng clenched his fist, and struck with the Seven-storied Pagoda once again. Jiang Chen’s sword was battering and soaring in the sky, entangling against the Seven-storied Pagoda. It was glowing brightly and there was a gleam of light when the sword was raised and hit the Seven-storied Pagoda. The Seventh-storied Pagoda retreated. But Li Zongheng was holding the pagoda, looking calm and composed.
Jiang Chen’s sword was just formidable and beat the socks off the pagoda without leaving any trace.
“His sword is incredible!”
Yu Jingfan heaved a deep sigh, looking serious. This was his first time seeing this sword, so was Yu Er’niang. It was overwhelming and overbearing, the mightiness of the dragon startled the heavens.
“I think his sword is even stronger than the sword that our lord master owned.”
It had aroused Yu Jingfan’s interest and his blood was racing. Jiang Chen was truly an incredible figure who could stir up a storm in Linhe Boundary. Even those Divine Kings would feel interested meeting this kind of treasure. Everyone was envious of Jiang Chen who owned this divine treasure when he was just a Middle Heavenly God Realm.
Jiang Chen was holding the Heavenly Dragon Sword and interweaved with Li Zongheng. He did not draw back but got the whip handed over him. The difference between their strength was huge previously but their power seemed paralleled at this moment.
“It’s true that you are growing stronger but you won’t be my rival.”
“Seventh-storied Pagoda, saving the sentient beings!”
The Power of Belief which was terrifying appeared from the Seventh-storied Pagoda. Jiang Chen’s face suddenly changed colour as he had never expected that there was the Power of Belief in the Seventh-storied Pagoda, and the Power of Belief was beyond the power of Divine Origin Strength. It was unbelievable that a human could make a turnaround with his boundless Power of Belief.
“Sword breaking through the void and heaven!”
Jiang Chen’s sword soared to the sky and the entire space of the tree hole was glowing with red flaming ripples. Unfortunately, Jiang Chen was completely constrained by the Power of Belief that could destroy sentient beings. Under the oppression of the Seventh-storied Pagoda, he could feel that he was losing his power constantly. And his soul was being trampled by the Power of Belief.
“No! No! No!”
Jiang Chen was struggling and resisting hard in the depths of his mind, but he was completely covered by the horrifying Power of Belief. The Seventh-storied Pagoda had turned into dark-purple. Watching Jiang Chen who was in misery, Li Zongheng’s eyes seem to be glittering.
“Buddha’s Radiance appears!”
There was still a trace of hope in Jiang Chen’s mind. At this moment, the entire space was lit up by the Buddha’s Radiance.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2544 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2545


Grinding the Pagoda
When the power of Buddha Radiance and the power of belief collided against each other, Jiang Chen had successfully made an escape from danger. The Buddha Radiance saved Jiang Chen’s life at the most critical moment. However, after losing the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda, Jiang Chen’s defensive ability was greatly weakened. Even his Dragon Transformation Art was slightly different at this moment.
“Puff……”
The Seventh-storied Pagoda drove Jiang Chen back. His facial expression did not look well. He was spurting out black blood and his face had lost its color.
“How is this possible? How could you break free from my Seventh-storied Pagoda?”
Li Zongheng was dumbfounded as he himself would certainly not be able to do that as the Seven-storied Pagoda would definitely constrain his power. However, the Buddha’s Radiance had intercepted his Power of Belief, it was the bane of his existence.
“It seems like this Power of Belief was a kind of dark and wicked power.”
Jiang Chen was frightened. If he was trapped in the Seven-storied Pagoda and being assimilated by the Power of Belief, he would surely be in danger.
“Jiang Chen, I am getting even more interested in you.”
Li Zongheng was paying more attention to Jiang Chen. The Seven-storied Pagoda was damaged by Jiang Chen and he suffered severe injury as well.
“Stop talking nonsense. You’re still incompetent to defeat me.”
Jiang Chen raised his sword and struck out once again. The Heavenly Dragon Sword was changing fast like the stars as he casted the sword of solitude. Every strike was a death blow, it was impossible for Li Zongheng to treat it lightly.
“Let’s put an end to this. Little Buddha Art, Black Graded Pagoda !”
Li Zongheng soared into the sky, the Seven-storied Pagoda changed unceasingly. It fused with the Buddha Token and formed a gleam of terrifying Buddha Radiance. In the pagoda, there was a dark light which made people feel terrified and nervous.
Jiang Chen held the Heavenly Dragon Sword in his hand as he rushed forward and fought desperately. The Black Graded Pagoda was like a huge rocky mountain which looked overwhelming, hovering overhead. The Black Graded Pagoda became heavier and more ferocious. Jiang Chen was forced to kneel down, and got down on one knee eventually. The Black Graded Pagoda was extremely dreadful and everyone could not help but hold their breath. Yu Jingfan and the others were constantly retreating, having a hard time breathing.
“The Black Graded Pagoda was supported by the Buddha Token and it was terrifying, even the Divine Kings.”
Jiang Chen gritted his teeth, he could feel his power being engulfed by the Black Graded Pagoda and his body was rapidly getting exhausted. He landed on his feet and spurted out blood, there was a kind of stiffness and Dao sense in his eyes.
Suddenly, Jiang Chen saw a gleam of light flashed across his mind. The light seemed to be coming out from the ice sealed man, exploding and bursting out instantly. It seemed like the ice sealed man in the Myriad Qi Cauldron opened his eyes at that instant. Jiang Chen saw a shade of will to fight, or rather a kind of will power. And that kind of will power was like the master who conquered the earth and heaven, overriding the universe, changing the world and created the living creatures. Jiang Chen was acting like the Ancient Lord, controlling over the whole universe, irresistible and unbeatable. At this moment, Jiang Chen showed an unshakable will to fight, the weak belief that had been hiding in the depth of his mind had been aroused.
Surging Heaven Dao!
Jiang Chen’s eyes were glittering and growing with delight once again. Surging Heaven Dao was overbearing in the universe and overriding the world. Jiang Chen was full of will to fight once again.
“Surging Heaven Dao, no one could defeat me!”
“It’s not possible!”
Li Zongheng exploded in anger. It was true that Jiang Chen was able to rise once again like a flashing thunder and a genius warrior.
The Dao sense of Jiang Chen had become stronger. When he tried to look back upon the Myriad Qi Cauldron at this moment, he realized that the ice sealed man was still laying there silently without any change. It was just like it never appeared in his mind in the first place.
However, Jiang Chen clearly understood that this kind of strong will had existed once in his mind.
“Between the heavens and earth, I will devour the universe.”
Jiang Chen raised his sword, sending a powerful blow on the Black Graded Pagoda. The overwhelming will to fight had boosted Jiang Chen’s strength to another shocking level. That sword was not only the Sword of Solitude anymore, but was covered with another mighty strong Dao.
The Black Graded Pagoda was shaking like crazy and the Buddha Token was falling apart, even the Seven-storied Pagoda was torn apart. Li Zongheng’s heart was shaking up-and-down, and he felt extremely astonished. At this moment, Jiang Chen’s strong will to fight had made him feel frightened. Even though it was not about the difference in strength, there was a kind of Dao which made him feel frustrated and depressed.
“It is such a terrifying aura.”
Everyone felt frightened and curious. Yu Er’niang felt truly astounded by watching Jiang Chen, who was acting like a supreme existence. Even though it just happened in the twinkling of an eye, the overwhelming will to fight had made everyone hold their breath in astonishment.
“Oh no! My Black Graded Pagoda!”
Li Zongheng roared continuously and went wild. His body was boiling inside and his mind was distracted by Jiang Chen, so everything suddenly crumbled apart. Jiang Chen’s Dao was travelling wildly and he was caught up in fear.
“Man and Sword merged into one!”
Jiang Chen transformed into a sword with an overbearing aura, and collided against the Black Graded Pagoda. The mightiness of the Heavenly Dragon Sword which was unbeatable, had made Li Zongheng lose his initiative in battle.
“I own a sword which could devour the universe!”
Jiang Chen raised his sword and struck a blow again. The Black Graded Pagoda of Li Zongheng was attacked by the Heavenly Dragon Sword constantly, the golden sparkling light was intermingled with the dark radiance. At last, the Black Graded Pagoda broke into pieces while Li Zongheng bathed in his own blood.
“I lost but I can’t admit that. Why? Why!”
Li Zongheng was out of his mind, he howled like a thunder but he was impotent at this moment. Jiang Chen stood by his sword, looking calm and relaxed.
“Well, no need to feel embarrassed as you had just lost to Jiang Chen.”
“Hahaha. Jiang Chen. Oh God, I am not convinced!”
Li Zongheng looked up into the sky, and he had mixed feelings. He used to be a formidable warrior in Linhe Boundary and he was born to be one of God’s favourite children like Xuanyuan Canglan. How could he be convinced when he kept losing to Jiang Chen again and again?
“The Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart is yours now.”
Li Zongheng murmured.
“I already expected that.”
Jiang Chem smiled.
“Did you ever ask for my permission, Jiang Chen?”
A voice was heard in the void, echoing through the tree hole space. Jiang Chen turned back immediately. He was about to confront a great rival at this moment.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2545 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2546


Chapter 2546
Another loser
“You? You’re hard to get rid of.” Jiang Chen squinted his eyes, feeling extremely solemn.
Everyone felt a heavy pressure upon their heart.
Li Zongheng was definitely powerful but not at the level that could make him tremble. Jiang Chen felt uplifted from the previous battle because he gained experience out of it. As Li Zongheng wasn’t the weak foe he faced before and he, himself, wasn’t the same as before, their battle would always be soul-stirring.
Only one person was able to make Jiang Chen feel threatened within the Hidden Secret Realm, it was Xuanyuan Canglan. The fella wasn’t just powerful, he managed to fuse with Tao Tie. God knows whether it was him who devoured or the other way around. In brief, Jiang Chen had always viewed Xuanyuan Canglan as a threat even though he had left the Linhe Boundary. He felt that this fella’s threat level was very high.
And the person was Xuanyuan Canglan!
“This fella… to think he came too. Looks like it’s going to be Tao Tie’s feast.” Xue Liang murmured.
Xuanyuan Canglan wasn’t weaker than Jiang Chen. He witnessed their battle, Jiang Chen managed to defeat Xuanyuan Canglan thanks to several factors. Jiang Chen was weaker in terms of cultivation, which made Xuanyuan Canglan terrifying.
“Who’s he?” Yu Erniang asked.
“You could say that he’s the number one expert of the Linhe Boundary. Although Jiang Chen had caused chaos upon the Linhe Boundary, he was forced to leave the realm as a loser. But I know that one day, Jiang Chen will return to that place. Whereas, this person is the true number one expert of the younger generation. The Grand Guardian of the Clear Stream Sect, Xuanyuan Canglan.” Xue Liang said indifferently.
The words he said weren’t exactly sincere as he viewed Xuanyuan Canglan as someone insignificant as he had what it takes to fight him. But the distance between them was getting bigger.
Everyone has their own fated findings or luck. It’s just that Xuanyuan Canglan had the greatest as he fused with the ancient beast Tao Tie. Such dominance, ferociousness. Although Xue Liang was strong, when he’s compared to Xuanyuan Canglan…
But Xue Liang never backed down, his heart of a powerful one was always there.
“Clear Stream Sect, Grand Guardian, this name is pretty catchy.” Yu Jingfan said.
This Xuanyuan Canglan… the pressure he emits is truly suffocating. Not even the previous guy, Li Zongheng, had such aura. Although he’s not a Divine King, it feels like he’s stronger than a Divine King! Even the Divine Beast White Tiger felt pressured from the suffocating aura. Only Jiang Chen was unfazed as he looked at Xuanyuan Canglan coldly.
“You should feel thankful for my appearance. Is this how you say hello to an old friend? ” Xuanyuan Canglan smiled, as if he wasn’t giving a damn about Jiang Chen.
“Looks like my greeting is not up to your standard. Should I feel welcome that you’re trying to kill me?” Jiang Chen said with contempt.
“You still have the same ol’ attitude. The Divine Kings allowed you to leave the Linhe Boundary due to pressure. But now that you’re in my palms, would I become the hero of the Linhe Boundary after killing you?” Xuanyuan Canglan looked at Jiang Chen interestingly.
“I’m afraid you do not have what it takes. You’ll end up just like Li Zongheng, a loser.” Jiang Chen said confidently.
“Him? He’s unqualified to be compared to me. Hahaha, you overestimate him. He’s but an insect, in the past and in the future.” Xuanyuan Canglan said.
Li Zongheng’s heart was fueled with anger. However, he lost against Jiang Che, so what can he say?
But his anger was further fuelled as he got further insulted by Xuanyuan Canglan. These two fellas… bastards! Li Zongheng knew that he wasn’t at his best now, only by fusing with the Buddha’s token could the Little Buddha Secret Art be mastered. Only by then could he become unstoppable.
“You’ll pay for your arrogance.” Li Zongheng gritted his teeth and said.
“You’re unqualified to talk to me. Li Zongheng, you’re a dead person, to think you’re still here hanging for dear life. I don’t care who it was that saved you. It is as easy as taking candies from a baby if I wanted to kill you.” Xuanyuan Canglan replied.
Xuanyuan Canglan threw a simple palm strike and Li Zongheng formed the buddha hand seal to counter it. The latter got pushed back in a distraught manner, further increasing his injuries.
A simple strike yet it managed to create such power, shocking indeed. Jiang Chen knew that this’ll become much more difficult.
“Die!”
Xuanyuan Canglan once again threw another palm strike with vigour, Li Zongheng’s expression changed drastically. But at this moment, the sound of flute could be heard and a terrifying soul sword clashed upon Canglan’s palm strike, rendering the attack null.
Xuanyuan Canglan raised his eyebrow and looked at the young lady with a slight shock.
“Interesting, such a powerful soul, pity. Do you think my soul energy will be weaker than yours?” Xuanyuan Canglan sneered as terrifying soul energy enveloped the young lady’s surrounding, including Li Zongheng.
The young lady’s expression was still as cold as ever, but the tune of her flute became disoriented as that terrifying soul energy enveloped, limiting her movement. Her soul swords became nothing in the hands of Xuanyuan Canglan and the young lady’s eyes finally showed a shred of anxiousness.
“Your spiritual energy, I see some improvement.”
Jiang Chen’s soul energy filled the air and it then clashed with Xuanyuan Canglan. Both of them took a step back and the latter stared at Jiang Chen.
“To think you tried to stop me? You ought to tone down on your hypocrisy. You’ll die a death far beyond your imagination.” Xuanyuan Canglan raised his brows and said coldly.
“You’re the one who went against me when we’re in the Hidden Secret Realm. Looks like you’re a forgetful one.”
Jiang Chen looked at the young lady, the latter’s expression slightly changed, she’s a little stunned. But she did not speak a word as she quickly took Li Zongheng out from this place.
“I recall that the loser, the one who lost, was you.” Jiang Chen asked in return.
“Don’t you know the reason why you were able to defeat me? Do you think now that I’ve completely merged with Tao Tie that you’re still a match against me? One should know one’s abilities. But you don’t have that, you’re still as conceited as ever.”
Xuanyuan Canglan versus Jiang Chen, enemies that know each other too well. Both of them were extra wary against one another.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2546 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2547


Chapter 2547
Suppression, again
“The one who lost was you, you did not defeat me.”
“Alright, alright, alright. Since you’re that hung up on it. I’ll show you today, let this arrogant fella know who’s the true ruler here.”
Xuanyuan Canglan then gave a ringing roar.
His roar was like the roar of an ancient giant beast. To be exact, the current Xuanyuan Canglan was a genuine ancient savage beast.
“Such a terrifying beastly prestige.” the Divine Beast White Tiger murmured in shock.
He, a Divine Beast White Tiger, does not have such prestige. Moreover, the prestige of an ancient savage beast has a powerful dragon prestige within them. Nobody else could suppress this ancient beastly prestige other than the Ancestral Dragon Emperor, the White Tiger Venerable Emperor, the Nirvana Phoenix Lord and the Great Black Tortoise Emperor. As Tao Tie is also the descendant of the dragon clan, it’s dragon prestige was powerful too, it could be more powerful than the dragon clan.
“Originally, I could easily break through to the Divine King Realm but I didn’t. Even then, there are only a handful of Divine Kings who could defeat me. Jiang Chen, this day shall be your death anniversary.”
Xuanyuan Canglan leapt towards the sky and distorted the space with his powerful fist. Jiang Chen dared not to dawdle as Canglan’s words were true. He believed that Canglan could defeat a Divine King as he had merged with Tao Tie. Such an ancient savage beast could easily defeat opponents of higher rank, in addition to the fella’s strength and talent, the fella could easily reach the skies after he reached the Divine King Realm.
“Ancient Soaring Dragon Technique!” Jiang Chen unleashed the Ancient Soaring Dragon Technique and his cultivation level reached the Half-Step Divine King Realm.
At that moment, they were at their peak. Jiang Chen and Xuanyuan Canglan clashed. Their figures collided, and every clash of theirs caused the space to quake. It was a true battle of experts, a clash between prodigies, the fight of a century!
Yu Ernianng and the others were dumbfounded. The scale of the battle was on the same level to the Divine Kings. None of them was able to overpower the other. Jiang Chen’s Ancient Soaring Dragon Technique was pretty powerful too, the savage prestige of Tao Tie versus the dragon prestige. Both clashing one another like a sharp blade.
Xuanyuan Canglan’s palm techniques were like thunder and lightning. As Jiang Chen retaliated with his Heavenly Dragon Sword, the clash between them was ear-splitting.
“Devour Heaven and Earth, receiving everything under the Heavens!” Xuanyuan Canglan opened his giant mouth.
Jiang Chen felt a powerful force sucking him in. He then retaliated with a slash from his blade, forcing Xuanyuan Canglan to back off, as Jiang Chen’s trusted blade was extremely sharp. Canglan dared not to gulp it down in a single go.
Jiang Chen was fusing the Heavenly Lightning on hand while fighting Xuanyuan Canglan on the other. The qi around Jiang Chen became much more terrifying.
“The fusion of Heavenly Lightning? Let’s see how powerful it is.”
Xuanyuan Canglan knew about the terror of that technique as it managed to force back Half-Step Divine Kings when Jiang Chen was just a Peak True God. But Xuanyuan Canglan was extremely confident in his abilities, in his non-mortal body, as the giant beast Tao Tie was his true body.
“You’re right, since you know about it, then, die.” Jiang Chen sneered.
Two Heavenly Lightnings merged into one and explosive energy gathered in Jiang Chen’s palm. Yu Erniang and the others became parched due to that, only a madman like Jiang Chen could think of such a thing.
“How can this be? To think he has a Heavenly Lightning? And two, to boot?! Is he trying to fuse the two Heavenly Lightnings together??” Yu Erniang shouted.
The explosion created from the fusion of the two Heavenly Lightnings will perhaps cause everyone around fatal injuries.
“Prodigy and madman, they’re always the same. The reason why each prodigy rises amongst the crows is because they’re crazier than the other.” Xue Liang slightly smiled.
Jiang Chen erected a defensive formation to protect Yu Erniang and the others the moment the Lightning Fusion on his other palm was near perfection.
“Jiang Chen, I refuse to believe that you can defeat me.”
Xuanyuan Canglan roared in anger as he changed into the giant beast Tao Tie, once again shocking Yu Jingfan and the others. These two fellas are monsters.
“Devour the Heavens, devour the Earth, devour everything, including the void.” Tao Tie roared as it attempted to swallow Jiang Chen whole with its giant mouth.
That giant mouth felt it was the harvester of Hades. Jiang Chen’s surroundings were on the verge of getting devoured. He then plunged his sword into the ground, fixing his posture, unmoving.
The flames of the space were almost getting sucked clean.
Jiang Chen was in the middle of Tao Tie’s sucking energy. At that moment, Jiang Chen finally couldn’t take it as he was forced to take a dozen steps forward.
Most importantly, Jiang Chen’s divine origin energy was gone by half from it too. His body was getting weaker by the second, life energy, divine origin energy, breath, soul… Jiang Chen’s expression was getting pale, yet the fusion of lightning did not stop.
“Myriad Qi Cauldron! It’s your turn to shine!”
Jiang Chen took out the Myriad Qi Cauldron as a defensive measure. At that moment, Tao Tie’s sucking energy couldn’t do anything against Jiang Chen anymore.
“How can this be?” Xuanyuan Canglan’s expression became extremely solemn.
At that moment, Jiang Chen’s Lightning Fusion was completed.
“Explode.” Jiang Chen threw the exploding lightning ball towards Xuanyuan Canglan.
“I wish to devour the Heavens!” Xuanyuan Canglan roared furiously as he attempted to devour Jiang Chen’s lightning ball.
However, it was a failure as the lightning ball exploded inside Tao Tie’s body.
Xuanyuan Canglan, who was prideful and arrogant, did not expect himself to be heavily injured by Jiang Chen’s Lightning Fusion. A giant hole was created on his body. Although he had merged with Tao Tie and his body got immensely sturdy, he still couldn’t manage to defend against Jiang Chen’s Heavenly Lightning strike.
Xuanyuan Canglan was distraught as he got heavily injured. However, he still managed to survive through Jiang Chen’s lethal attack. But, even then, none of the two managed to come out as the true victor as both of them got injured in the process.
At that moment, Jiang Chen spent all of his energy and Xuanyuan Canglan depleted 70-80% of his total energy. Not even the recovery pills he had could make him recover in such a short time.
“Jiang Chen, we’ll see each other again in the future!” Xuanyuan Canglan turned and disappeared into the edge of the void.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2547 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2548


Dreadful plot
Jiang Chen did not have the energy to pursue him. He barely overcame Xuanyuan Canglan in this battle. Yet, Canglan managed to run away. He’ll certainly come back stronger next time and Jiang Chen will really have a hard time dealing with him after he reaches the Divine King Realm.
“Jiang Chen, you’re truly a Demon Lord! Not just the Linhe Boundary, your stage should be far bigger than that.” Yu Jingfan said in a heartfelt manner as he was filled with admiration towards Jiang Chen.
Jiang Chen dropped on the floor with one knee, panting excessively. Nobody expected the fight to be this intense and Jiang Chen to be this heavily injured.
“Are you alright, Jiang Chen.” Yu Erniang helped Jiang Chen up and asked anxiously.
“I’m fine, I’m still not dead.” Jiang Chen smiled with a tinge of self-ridiculing tone.
“Divine Beast White Tiger, now, he’s finally mine.” Jiang Chen squinted his eyes as he looked at the Divine Beast White Tiger.
At that moment, Yu Erniang’s heart slightly moved. Jiang Chen was planning to take the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart as his own. He did not plan to give it to her. Although she knew that this result was all due to Jiang Chen’s hard work. But she truly needed the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart.
Yu Erniang’s effort, hundred years of planning, everything was all for this day. For the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart, now that it’s in front of her eyes, she couldn’t help but get excited.
Jiang Chen raised his arm and enveloped the Divine Beast White Tiger with his divine origin energy.
“Save me, father, save me…” The Divine Beast White Tiger’s eyes were filled with fear as he said that.
“Father?” Jiang Chen frowned.
At this moment, he realised that this Divine Beast White Tiger was just a child and this Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine must be his dad.
“A bunch of puny, greedy humans, you’ll never get my Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart. Those who enter this place never live to tell the tale.” An old and deep voice resounded through the void.
But the Divine Beast White Tiger had already shrunk into the size of marble by Jiang Chen.
“You’re the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine?” Jiang Chen said.
“Correct, you’ve entered my domain, and now you wanna get out of this place? Keep dreaming. I can sense that you’re the most purest amongst them all, I like it very much. Everything is worth it as long as you’re here. It’s a pity, there isn’t much fresh blood compared to the ones last time. But you alone should be enough to make up for the difference. Oh, those two fellas too, they’re pretty good too. They think that they could get out from my palms, but little did they know that they’ve already fallen into my absolute domain.” A sighing old voice resounded, as if it had gone through the baptism of countless years, coarse but somewhat excited.
Jiang Chen’s pupil contracted. He finally knew what the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine was thinking. No wonder nobody survived all those years and nobody obtained the information about the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart. Everything was a dreadful plot devised by the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine.
“The Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart is just your bait. What you really wish for is the countless lives of those who wish to obtain the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart for themselves, right?”
“Correct, you’re pretty smart. But it’s all too late now.”
Amidst the void, an old slender figure came out from the gathering of vines. It was half human half ancient vines, intertwining its body. The old figure was bald, giving off an unusual vibe.
“The Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart is a crystal from my ten thousand years metamorhposis. It’s a true spiritual item, hence, many wishes to have it. But it’s a pity that they’re not fated to have it. The Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart will still be devoured by me. Perhaps, I could break through now if I devour you, possibly fasten the process, I’ll probably be able to attain my human form after 10,000 years.” The Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine said calmly as if it was just giving a plain statement.
“So, you set up such a plot, to have everyone become your nourishment?” Jiang Chen said coldly.
“You’re right. Because I wish to have a human body, I need to absorb their blood essence.” The Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine murmured.
“I don’t know how many thousands of years I’ve been staying here. Time is something normal to me, nobody could escape from my absolute domain. Not even a Hierarch expert.”
Jiang Chen was shocked by the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine’s confidence. Not even a Hierarch expert could escape this place? Looks like this Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine is not simple, to be here for endless years. To bore the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart every 10,000 years. It’s easy as pie for him, but for him to undergo metamorphosis, it takes such complex steps and change.
“I’m afraid that those who have died because of you are enough to build a skeleton mountain in those countless years. What are you? Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine, I don’t think you’re born from ancient vines, not even ancient vines spirit could live through all those ages. But you… you can ignore the laws of time. What kind of a monster are you?” Jiang Chen said in a heavy expression.
Read latest Chapters at Wuxia World.Site Only
He knew that this Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine was no simple demon, not even a divine vine could live forever and for it to take so long and have such a harsh process to form its human body, to collect only half of a body after collecting the essence of so many people after those countless years.
“Hehe, looks like you’re pretty knowledgeable. You’re right, I am no Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine, but this Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine has become my name. As for why? You do not have what it takes to know. Hahaha.” Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine’s eyes were cold as murderous intent was aimed towards Jiang Chen.
“You’re afraid of looking at the sun, you’re most probably not a real powerful one. You’re but a demonic monster. The Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart is just your bait.”
Jiang Chen and the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine stared at each other, the latter unfazed. Within this tree-hole, in his absolute domain, no one could get out unscathed, it is near impossible to get away from this place.
“Little baby, you’re very smart. But you shouldn’t have come here. It must be our fate, I pretty like your body, your blood shall grant me a new life. Accept death and become my nourishment.” Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine squinted his eyes as endless flaming vines encircled Jiang Chen from every direction.
At that moment, Jiang Chen felt a suffocating pressure. Those vines felt indestructible, he couldn’t get used to it. Jiang Chen’s heart dropped rock bottom from the sight of those terrifying vines.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2548 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2549


Chapter 2549
What is Heaven? What is Devil? What is God and Buddha?
4th of the week!
Do support us in Patreon if you are able to, so that we can continue translating the novel for you! 🙂
“Such a terrifying ancient vine.” Yu Erniang and the others gasped.
Jiang Chen was currently surrounded by countless intertwining vines, pushing him into a corner.
“This time, we’ve miscalculated. This Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine is too terrifying.” Yu Jingfan sighed with a shred of despair in his eyes. Xue Liang also felt the same way.
Although Jiang Chen was powerful and resourceful, managing to push Li Zongheng back and defeat Xuanyuan Canglan, he did not anticipate this Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine.
There’s always a flaw no matter how great the plan was. Moreover, this Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine was a true great schemer, scheming for tens of thousands of years, maybe even longer than that. Every time there’s news about a Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart coming into existence, it was time for him to eat. This old schemer couldn’t be understood, truly a terrifying schemer.
Jiang Chen’s Heavenly Dragon Sword once again shone its sharpness as it cut down countless vines, burning it into nothingness. But the vines of the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine were endless.
Dreadful sword shadows overlapped each other, cutting those ancient vines, slashing one after another. Although the vines were extremely sharp and sturdy, it couldn’t be compared against Jiang Chen’s Heavenly Dragon Sword. The Heavenly Dragon Sword was immensely sharp and invincible. Jiang Chen slashed countless vines, yet the vines were too numerous, it kept growing from all sides. It was a sticky situation for Jiang Chen.
Those vines kept regrowing after it was cut down, continuously growing, moving forward, towards Jiang Chen’s zone, pushing closer towards his body.
“Jiang Chen will surely lose if this continues!” Yu Huafan worriedly said.
However, they couldn’t do anything to help Jiang Chen but their hearts were still worried about his well-being.
“Little boy, you’ll never get away from my palm,” the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine said coldly.
Jiang Chen’s Heavenly Dragon Sword couldn’t cut through all those vines and he was pushed toward a corner as a result.
“Five Elemental Trigram Fire Formation!”
Jiang Chen’s Five Elemental Trigram Fire Formation instantly expanded. However, those vines seemed indestructible as they did not burn even though the tree-hole space was already filled with flames, flames that were on-par with the Five Elemental True Flame. A true Heavenly Fire, not even the Five Elemental Trigram Fire Formation could show its true worth in this place.
The astral wind of the Five Elemental Trigram Fire Formation was continuously getting corrupted by the Heavenly Fire. This was the first time Jiang Chen experienced lossing with his Five Elemental Flame. However, it’s not just the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine’s Heavenly Fire that defeated his flame, it’s because of the space of this tree-hole, the Five Elemental Flame has lost its edge in this place. It’s a pity that Red Lotus was still in slumber, otherwise, she’ll certainly overpower this Heavenly Fire.
The Five Elemental Trigram Fire Formation was suppressed by the Heavenly Fire and the vines were coming from all over the place, piercing through Jiang Chen’s defences as he got tangled up by the vines.
“Your fate would reach its end soon if you act too overbearing. Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine, you’re too eager for quick success.” A cold voice reverberated through the tree-hole space.
Jiang Chen once again saw that figure, Feng Qiuhuang!
“Feng Qiuhuang, you again!” The Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine’s face became dark and the floating vines slightly tightened a little.
One could clearly see he’s extremely afraid of Feng Qiuhuang.
“My heart had always faced towards the shining moon, yet the light of the bright moon reached this ditch. I could’ve cultivated into the great Dao with peace yet I wander through the samsara.”
Feng Qiuhuang’s voice was low, delicate yet elegant, like a ghost yet extremely holy. Feng Qiuhuang, does he/she truly exist in this world? Jiang Chen heard that Feng Qiuhuang had died countless years ago yet it appeared now, before them.
“Great Dao my ass, I am the Heavens, who can stop me? Hahaha!” Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine said arrogantly.
“A centipede dies in a curl, you should’ve died. I wouldn’t have been in this sorry state if it weren’t for you sealing me away with your death millions of years ago!! Now you’re here spouting bullsh*t, can you defy the heavens with just a shred of soul left? You couldn’t even kill me before and could only seal me. Now, I am finally reborn, yet you’re here to stop me again. Looks like I have to thoroughly get rid of you to ensure that you’ll be rid of my life.”
The Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine stared at Feng Qiuhuang with a vicious look, the latter was calm and mysterious.
“So, to think that those two fellas’ relationships are that complicated.”
Jiang Chen finally knew that these two fellas must be super old existences. One that was able to be reborn after being suppressed for millions of years. The other who was able to wander on this earth after dying millions of years ago, both of them were extremely powerful.
“Feng Qiuhuang, are you the undying phoenix from the Divine Phoenix Clan?”
Jiang Chen gazed towards Feng Qiuhuang’s great beauty. Until now, he doesn’t know whether he’s a she or a he.
Feng Qiuhuang glanced at Jiang Chen, it was a complicated gaze. An extremely complicated one.
“The wind stopped, the fragrance of the flowers lingered in the soil, but the flower has wilted. Please don’t talk about the sorrow of old, we will be together every day until we get old and die in Nanjiang. The imprisoned phoenix guides the path of the previous incarnation, to hold each other’s hand when we part, we promised to never force each other. The story remains the same, but the protagonist of the story is not the same as the one before. I couldn’t help but cry when I think about that. I wanted to speak but my tears flowed before I could.” A tinge of untraceable tears was seen in Feng Qiuhuang’s eyes. (TN: It’s a 52 character poetry. The author took reference of at least 3 Chinese poetries and merged them together)
Jiang Chen frowned in return, that obsession that was hidden deep within the eyes made Jiang Chen feel extremely depressed.
“What a great poem about love sickness. It’s a pity that the undying Phoenix Lord died at the western mountain, the Great Black Turtle Emperor died at the northern sea and the White Tiger Nether Lord died. The Ancestral Dragon Heavenly Venerable changed into the stars, Master Dharma is dead, Old Ancestor Bodhi cannot be found, even the self-proclaimed World’s No. 1 mad fella died on the ancient battlefield. The reincarnation of the Heavenly Dao, it has reincarnated to the wrong path. What is Heaven? What is Devil? What are God and Buddha? Everything is void. I only know that only true experts could stand tall in this world. When my body is complete, I shall rise to the top and reach the highest realm, who can stop me in this world? Hahaha!”
The Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine’s voice was chilling and murderous. He wanted to become the world’s strongest, to walk on the path of supremacy.
“You’re but a branch from a tree, how can you comprehend the Great Dao of Heaven and Earth? Hundred Reincarnation of Samsara? The undying Phoenix Lord is not one that you could blaspheme! The Old Ancestor’s body is not one that could be speculated by someone like you! Even the Buddha of the Extreme West Divine Domain should have the title Senior. You’re too cocky, arrogant.” Feng Qiuhuang said in disdain.
“I’ve been born into this world since the start of time. Who could be compared against me? If it wasn’t for that old fella destroying my body, you can’t even touch me, little baby. Hateful! Such sadness!” Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine shivered.
He was pretty angry when Feng Qiuhuang said he’s but a tree branch. God knows he had the highest level of cultivation in the past, yet he was sealed away by Feng Qiuhuang, otherwise, he wouldn’t be in this sorry state.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2549 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2550


Princess Qiuhuang
“Since you’re undying and immortal, then I shall wipe off your  trace from the Divine World.” The Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine raised his arm and countless vines rushed towards Feng Qiuhuang. However, the latter was completely unfazed.
His figure disappeared as soon as the vines pierced his body, appearing beside Jiang Chen.
“You dare go against me? Nobody could go against me in this tree-hole space.” The Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine said with extreme confidence.
“Leave, quickly. I can only hold him off for a short while. Otherwise, all of you will die.” Feng Qiuhuang said with slight anxiety as he destroyed the vines surrounding Jiang Chen.
“Who are you? Why are you helping me?” Jiang Chen was extremely curious about Feng Qiuhuang.
“There’s no time to explain. He was reborn the moment you drew the Demon Suppressing Stele out,” Feng Qiuhuang sighed without any trace of blame in its eyes.
“Demon Suppressing Stele?” Jiang Chen thought.
So, that Demon Suppressing Stele was suppressing the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart. But I am the one who took it out. Jiang Chen laughed bitterly, so this was all his undoing.
The rise of the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine had a reason, there was karma behind it. Now that he took the Demon Suppressing Stele, does he need to put it back? Jiang Chen felt reluctant about it as it was not your average treasure. This Feng Qiuhuang and the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine weren’t your simple foes too.
“Looks like I’m still too greedy.”
“There were others who tried to pull the Demon Suppressing Stele out in the past. But none of them were able to do so.” Feng Qiuhuang murmured.
“Quickly, go, do not turn back.”
Jiang Chen took Yu Erniang and the others, preparing to leave. At this moment, nobody hesitated in the face of death. However, Jiang Chen felt slightly reluctant to have others risk their lives for him, to die for him. Jiang Chen was not an ungrateful man.
“Trying to leave? Let’s see if you can get through me first.”
The Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine sneered as countless vines burst forth once again. This time, Feng Qiuhuang’s illusory body shone brightly.
“This should be your final glory, right?” The Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine said, not fearing Feng Qiuhuang.
“You’re welcome to try, let’s see whether I have what it takes to stop you.” Feng Qiuhuang said with an indifferent smile.
At this moment, Jiang Chen found out that she’s a true angelic woman, truly beautiful.
“The esteemed Princess Qiuhuang, to have fallen into such a state. The Divine Phoenix Clan… pfft… You guys should all vanish from this world.” Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart said in a weird tone.
Princess Qiuhuang!
Jiang Chen was shocked. This Feng Qiuhuang was the princess of the Immortal Phoenix Clan, the chosen one of the Divine Phoenix Clan!
“Leave, quickly, this place is not suitable for you all to linger around.”
Jiang Chen said as he pushed Yu Erniang, Yu Huafan, Yu Jingfan and Xue Liang out from the tree space.
“No, we have to leave together, I will not let you go alone.” Yu Erniang said firmly as she looked at Jiang Chen with a fiery gaze.
“I cannot rest easy when I know there are others who are going to die for me. I will not step back even if I know that death awaits me.” Jiang Chen then instantly turned back towards the tree hole.
“I must follow him.” Yu Erniang looked at her brothers firmly.
Xue Liang stood silent. He didn’t have the qualifications to interfere with Jiang Chen’s decision.
Yu Erniang chose to follow Jiang Chen while Yu Jingfan and Yu Huafan were still hesitating.
Feng Qiuhuang reverted  back to her true body, a five-coloured phoenix with golden wings appeared in the tree-hole space. It was much more beautiful as it bathed in flames. But the flaming phoenix was on its last leg. She had lost her true body long ago, only a shred of her lingering soul was left after millions of years of cultivation. Now she risked losing her life just to save Jiang Chen and the group from the grasp of the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine.
“Stubborn fella, the Undying Phoenix Clan will certainly have a day where they should die.” Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine said as ancient vines pierced through Feng Qiuhuang’s body.
The spiritual light slowly dispersed and her body became even more illusory right at the moment when Jiang Chen returned once again.
“Why did you come back?” Feng Qiuhuang stared at Jiang Chen.
“Because I will never stand idle when I know that you’re in danger.”
“Not even when you know that only death awaits.” Feng Qiuhuang murmured.
“This feeling is born from nothingness yet it goes deep.”
Feng Qiuhuang’s heart once again fell into sadness. As she remembered that sturdy warhorse, the time of bloody battles. There was someone who once told her such affectionate words. ‘I will never stand idle when I know that you’re in danger.’ Those words reverberated around her ears. But the one who spoke it couldn’t be seen anymore. One cannot go back to the past.
“Great, a person with feelings and righteousness. I like it.” The Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine sneered with sarcasm.
“Didn’t you mention it before? This Demon Suppressing Stele can suppress him. This time, I believe it can too.” Jiang Chen held the Demon Suppressing Stele tightly.
Bloody rays shot out from the stele with the domineering qi from the heroes, slightly stunning the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine.
“You manage to suppress me because of your boundless divine energy in the past. Otherwise, that mere rotten  Demon Suppressing Stele could never suppress me, do you think it can now?!”
The Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine glanced at the Demon Suppressing Stele, he wasn’t afraid of it anymore. It was due to Feng Qiuhuang’s strength that he was suppressed in the past, she burned all of her life essence to suppress him, to destroy him. However, he was born from this heaven and earth, he wasn’t that easy to kill, his life essence was on-par with the immortal phoenix clan.
“Keep dreaming, hahaha.”
“You’re too reckless.” Feng Qiuhuang looked at Jiang Chen and sighed, her expression became pretty ugly. Her face was filled with anxiety and darkness.
It would be a sad thing if the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine managed to get his hands on the Demon Suppressing Stele.
“Boy, since you don’t know how to appreciate kindness and are such a righteous person, I should teach you a good lesson as your senior.”
The Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine rushed towards Jiang Chen with countless vines surrounding him.
Jiang Chen’s eyes became heavy as he held the Demon Suppressing Stele tightly. This was his only chance now.
“Suppress it for me!!” Jiang Chen raised the Demon Suppressing Stele and rammed it upon Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine.
The Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine sneered as he wasn’t afraid of the Demon Suppressing Stele anymore. However, this Demon Suppressing Stele was still a divine item from this heaven and earth so he still needed to be cautious as the suppressing energy of the Demon Suppressing Stele filled the air.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2550 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2551


The Ancient Venerable Emperor
“What you did is useless. Humph. You dared to fight me with such a terrible skill? You’re just kidding yourself. I had been trapped by the Demon Suppressing Stele once, I swore that it wouldn’t happen twice.”
The Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart roared wildly; it’s in a towering rage. Feng Qiuhuang heaved a sigh. Jiang Chen would never be able to constrain the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart as his power was just no match for it. Even though Jiang Chen was extraordinarily strong, his power tended to be restricted in the space of the tree hole. In other words, the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart would not be at a disadvantage even if it was confronting Hierarch Realm experts.
That also means that the Ancient Vine’s power was limited: he could only show his whole power here. Once he leaves this place, his power would be significantly reduced. Before he could form the Golden Body and successfully transform into a human, it was totally impossible for him to wander through the Tian Qi Mountain Range.
“Is it true? Then I should at least make you trapped here.”
Jiang Chen whispered. The Demon Suppressing Stele was above the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart and the Ancient Vine was completely constrained by Jiang Chen. As expected, it was truly a mighty treasure after all. Even though the Demon Suppressing Stele  was severely damaged, it could still suppress the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine for a while.
“Leave now, before it’s too late.”
Feng Qiuhuang starred at Jiang chen. It seemed like Jiang Chen was not going to leave.
“You should leave together with us.”
Jiang Chen said.
“Me? Haha. It’s impossible for me to leave here. Do you know the reason why I became immortal? First, it is because of my blood; second that I am the Wu Dong Sunset Mountain. If I leave here, my soul will fade away.”
Feng Qiuhuang said calmly and looked at ease. She decided not to leave here from the beginning.
“Isn’t there any other way?”
Jiang Chen wore a worried frown. Feng Qiuhuang had saved his life and he wished to repay the obligation by giving some help to her. A drop of water shall be returned with a burst of spring. He should get her off the hook as a matter of course.
“Just go. This is not the place that you are supposed to be. I, alone, am enough to suppress this Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine. You will only make it reborn earlier if you continue staying here.”
Feng Qiuhuang sounded worried.
“Princess Qiuhuang, what exactly is the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine?”
Jiang Chen was curious.
“You shouldn’t know everything for your own good. You will be drawn into an earth-shattering scheme once you know that. There are too many things that are beyond the human’s understanding. Even the Gods are human too. Only the real god, the Venerable Emperor, can understand the difference between humans and the Gods.
“It seems like even the Venerable Emperor will not be able to make a change……”
Feng Qiuhuang looked helpless, her face expression told everything. Jiang Chen was filled with astonishment upon hearing that. Princess Qiuhuang refused to tell him about the origin of the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine just for his own good. However, even the Venerable Emperor has his own concern and there would be something that could not be changed. Where should be the end of this boundless everlasting life?
Jiang Chen’s mind was screwed up, he’s experiencing great emotional turmoil. Neither Feng Qiuhuang nor the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine are ordinary beings. Princess Qiuhuang was the princess of Immortal Phoenix Race while the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine’s origin was a great mystery.
“Damn the Demon Suppressing Stele. I don’t think it could do anything to me after it lost its power to suppress demons.”
The Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine roared wildly, the sound was ringing continuously in their ears. He was trying to stand up even though the Demon Suppressing Stele was overhead. The radiance of the Demon Suppressing Stele was becoming dim and Jiang Chen realized that it could not hold him back any more.
“Hurry up! Otherwise all of you will die here.”
Feng Qiuhuang exclaimed in a soft tone. Jiang Chen was startled. However, he was still determined to suppress this monster.
“Ice-sealed man, I can only rely on you now!”
He eventually obtained the Demon Suppressing Stele by the help of the Ice sealed man. Only by constraining the Demon Suppressing Stele could successfully pull it out. And he would like to take a chance with the ice-sealed man.
Jiang Chen struck out the ice sealed man and the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine’s face was instantly distorted with fear. That overwhelming force of suppression was constraining the Demon Suppressing Stele tightly, as well as the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine.
“It’s impossible……How could this happen? How did you find the ancient man?”
The Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine roared ferociously and went wild.
“It’s him. I can’t believe that he’s here.”
Feng Qiuhuang murmured, fixing her glance at the ice-sealed man. She was filled with astonishment.
“How did you find him?”
Feng Qiuhuang stared at the ice-sealed man without blinking an eye.
“Do you know him?”
Jiang Chen gazed at Feng Qiuhuang with great curiosity.
“I don’t know him.”
Feng Qiuhuang shook her head. But Jiang Chen could feel that she was just trying to brush him off.
“Even if you’re stunningly gorgeous with significant power, you still faded away.”
Feng Qiuhuang murmured under her breath.
Jiang Chen could not put one’s finger on the situation at the moment. But he knew that the ice-sealed man was not an ordinary person.
The Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine was full of dissatisfaction but he was out of cards. The ice sealed man’s power of suppression was comparable to the Demon Suppressing Stele. Besides, his strength was greatly reduced at the moment so even Heavenly God Realm experts could defeat him easily.
This human was just unusual and strange.
“This guy should be a legendary figure of the ancient period.”
Jiang Chen claimed, cold sweat covered him. It’s unbelievable that this kind of legendary person could own such a terrifying power of suppression even after death.
“The fight song was playing, grieving over the sky, soaring into the cloud and blowing a gale. Heaven and earth were boundless and overrode the universe. Ancient Nine Revolutions Venerable Emperor faded away. A legendary figure who flourished in different generations. But his legend has come to its end, it went with the wind and disappeared.”
Feng Qiuhuang whispered. Since Jiang Chen had guessed at the truth, it was unnecessary for her to conceal the truth from him. The legendary figure was supposed to be everlasting and his name should be remembered forever. Unfortunately, the ages had fallen and the Sovereign Emperor Period had passed long ago. The time that the kings dominated the world and the ages of war all disappeared through history.
The Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine was suppressed tightly, without a breathing space.
“It seems like I shouldn’t underestimate you. I just can’t believe that you owned the body of the Ancient Venerable Emperor.”
Feng Qiuhuang said in a low voice.
“The ice-sealed body is like a huge murder weapon to you. You either can destroy everything in your path or you will be at death’s door.”
“No way, I will definitely get this ice sealed body.”
Jiang Chen murmured. He already knew that the ice sealed man had a history. However, Feng Qiuhuang still refused to tell him more information which made him feel depressed and uncomfortable. But the ice sealed man was like an unparalleled divine emperor, so it was absolutely impossible for him to leave him here.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2551 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2552


An Absolute Turnaround
“Now that the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine has been suppressed, do you think you can remove the ice sealed man? But if you take that away, then you will put yourself at risk. Did you really think that you could compete with the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine alone?” Feng Qiuhuang said.
“It’s not necessary to use the ice sealed man to suppress it. Using formations might be another good way of restraining the Scarlet cloud Ancient Vine.”
Jiang Chen wore a smile on his face.
“Do you know how to set a formation?”
“I know it will be impossible for him to get into the formation, but it’s relatively easy to create a sealed formation.”
Jiang Chen closed his eyes and plunged deep into thought. Amongst the hundred eighty formations of the No-Beginning Formation, there was a horrifying mid-grade formation which was called Soul-Devouring and Demon Prohibition Formation! Even though it would be unlikely to suppress a Divine Emperor and God Emperor, it might work effectively on this guy.
“I hope you can act wisely and well. It is the body of an Ancient Venerable Emperor after all. People used to feel jealous of his luck and envious of his real talent. If those ancient families realized that you possess the body of an Ancient Venerable Emperor, they will definitely chase you to the ends of this world at all cost.”
After she finished speaking, her shadow slowly faded away. Her spirit and power had been nearly exhausted.
“Jiang Chen, do you really think that the Soul-Devouring and Demon Prohibition Formation can constrain the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine?”
Yu Er’niang asked under her breath.
“I’ll try my best.”
Jiang Chen replied in a low voice, concentrating on setting up the Soul-Devouring and Demon Prohibition Formation in the space of the tree hole with rapt attention. The Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine was currently being wrapped up completely into the formation. Although Jiang Chen could not make this Soul-Devouring and Demon Prohibition Formation last forever, he could at least make it well-preserved without any damage for thousands of years. If he was fortunate enough to live for another thousand years, he would definitely come back more powerful to seal it again.
Compared to the Little Ashura Sword Formation, setting up the Soul-Devouring and Demon Prohibition Formation was relatively difficult. The number of the base of the formation needed to be set was just too much. The moment Jiang Chen finished setting the Soul Devouring and Demon Sealing Formation, his Divine Origin Strength was almost exhausted.
“Puff……”
At this moment, Jiang Chen’s body became desperately weak. A sword pierced through his chest unexpectedly, which caught him off guard. Jiang Chen turned his back slowly, and there was Yu Er’niang gazing at him with mixed feelings. Jiang Chen’s blood was flowing down the edge of the sword. He then got down on one knee, before eventually collapsing.
“Why?”
Jiang Chen smiled bitterly, his eyes filled with bitterness and sorrow. Everything changed in just the blink of an eye. He had never expected that Yu Er’niang had been scheming behind his back. Besides, she had actually already reached the Half-step Divine King Realm, which was comparable to Li Zongheng.
“I am sorry……”
Yu Er’niang’s face turned slightly red but she still sounded cold and gloomy.
“The success and failure is nothing for me, but it seems like I have underestimated you after all.”
“I am determined to obtain the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart today so I have no choice but to offend you.”
“So this was the reason you have been acting weak all this while? You have been planning for this, digging  a pit for me, right?”
Jiang Chen shook his head, eating his heart out.
“You could say that. I must get the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart. Jiang Chen, let’s settle our gratitude and grudges in another life. But in this life, I would like to apologize to you for doing this.”
Yu Er’niang said with a strong determination, looking extremely calm. She reached out her hands and held the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart in her hand tightly.
“It’s indeed true that the mind of a woman is always the most venomous and sinister.”
Jiang Chen smiled bitterly.
The Heavenly Fire was burning wildly while Jiang Chen was being wrapped up into the growing flame. He was at death’s door, his Divine Origin Strength was running out and he was severely wounded. As he was pierced on the chest, it meant that he was really going to die this time.
“You’re right. I have a heart of the devil, your chivalry and kindness is a joke in front of me. Please remember that I am called Yu Jingxian..”
The moment Yu Jingxian turned her back, she could not hold back her tears any more. She was bursting into tears and disappeared into the tree hole.
However, she was not aware that Jiang Chen’s Divine Origin Strength was already fading away when he tried to get the ice sealed man. She did not even know that Jiang Chen had been fighting desperately just to get the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart. Fortunately, the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart was successfully sealed in the Soul-Devouring and Demon Prohibition Formation, however,  Jiang Chen had suffered a severe injury, the chance of survival was too slim.
Yu Jingfan, Yu Huafan and Xue Liang fixed their eyes on Yu Jingxian when she walked out of the space of the tree hole.
“Where’s Jiang Chen?”
Xue Liang was the first to ask.
“Jiang Chen decided to sacrifice himself in order to kill the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine.”
Yu Jingxian breathed out fully, her tears made everyone feel how sorrowful and pitiful she was. Xue Liang knew that Yu Er’niang was deeply attached to Jiang Chen and she proved that when tears spouted from her eyes.
“How could it happen? Didn’t you boast that you are  the strongest one in the world? Didn’t you tell us that you’re unbeatable and irresistible? Aren’t you going to fight against the warriors all around the universe? Why? Why did you die here? Why……”
Xue Liang murmured. He was heartbroken as he regarded Jiang Chen as his close friend, a great brother. Mixed feelings welled up in his mind after hearing Jiang Chen’s death since Jiang Chen had been acting like his friend and enemy at the same time.
“Jiang Chen, our Yu family will never forget your great kindness. Please accept my worship.”
Yu Huafan fell heavily on the ground, he got down on his knee in front of the tree hole and kowtowed to Jiang Chen thrice. At this moment, Yu Jingxian was trembling but she did not feel regret as she had her own reason for doing this. She could not go against the will of her family.
They were sunk in despair. Jiang Chen had saved them from danger several times all along the way. However, they were now helplessly watching him sacrifice himself in order to save them once again.
By looking back at the flames growing in the caves beyond the Dong Wu Sunset Mountain, Yu Jingxian’s heart was in the depths of despair, like ash. It was painful for her to kill Jiang Chen with her own hands, however, she had no alternative but to do that. The Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart was too important to their  family.
Her eyes are bigger than her belly, this was the most appropriate word to describe herself. Jiang Chen had helped them several times but he was still engulfed by her greed. All of these were like sharp swords piercing into her heart mercilessly, and she was the one who held the sword.
After leaving the Wu Dong Sunset Mountain, Xue Liang split up with Yu Jingxian and went his way. He was looking for another wider stage to make a breakthrough, to keep improving his strength and to get stronger. He realized that Linhe Boundary was not suitable for him any more, the Tian Qi Mountain Range shall be a great choice.
In the midst of the raging flames, Jiang Chen swallowed ten recovery pills f and, along with his Wooden Spirit, made him restore his strength, and he returned to great condition in a short period of time. His heart was badly hurt by Yu Jingxian. Even though the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart was important to him,  it did not mean that he would refuse to give it up to Yu Jingfan.
If she was reasonable, he would’ve given that to her. Although the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart was a necessary ingredient in making the Heaven Seizing Fortune Pill, he could definitely find a substitute  for that. That’s why he was heartbroken at this moment. Didn’t it mean that their friendship was nothing compared to the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart?
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2552 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2553


She Zhen Captured
Jiang Chen was staring at the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart. It had totally lost its arrogance and overbearingness after being sealed by Jiang Chen. The position of the ice sealed man and the Demon Suppressing Stele was replaced by the Soul Devouring and Demon Sealing Formation. Jiang Chen placed the Demon Suppressing Stele into the Myriad Qi Cauldron. At that moment, he could feel a slight throb. Even though it was a slight movement, he was sure that the feeling was real as his heart was already linked together with the Myriad Qi Cauldron.
“Can this Myriad Qi of the Myriad Qi Cauldron restore the Demon Suppressing Stele?”
Jiang Chen was full of astonishment. The Myriad Qi Cauldron could not restore the Great Yu Soul Forming Light but could restore the Demon Suppressing Stele, which made him feel truly astounded. The Demon Suppressing Stele was indeed slowly restored by the Myriad Qi Cauldron. However, Jiang Chen looked terrified and anxious as he expected that the Demon Suppressing Stele could only be fully restored in less than a year.
“The Great Yu Soul Forming Light was merely a man-made divine tool while the Demon Suppressing Stele was totally different as it was a divine item of the universe which could not be possibly made by humans.”
Jiang Chen murmured under his breath. It reminded him of the God Suppressing Monument in Tyrant’s hand. Is there any connection between the God Suppressing Monument and Demon Suppressing Stele? Jiang Chen intended to focus on refining the Great Yu Soul Forming Light. But he just realized that the Myriad Qi Cauldron would bring only little effect in producing the Great Yu Soul Forming Light. However, the Myriad Qi of the Myriad Qi Cauldron was relatively effective in restorating the Demon Suppressing Stele. There would not be any alternative that could bring such a great desired result.
When Jiang Chen was walking out of the Dong Wu Sunset Mountain, he saw the green-clothed young lady with bamboo flute standing on the peak of the mountain once again. The lady was watching him silently and when the both of them looked into each other’s eyes, she turned away and disappeared.
Jiang Chen set out on his long lonely journey again, heading to the Qilian Region. This Tian Qi Range Mountain was the only access to his destination. Although he was alone on the journey, he had successfully coped with every challenge. Throughout the journey, he had killed countless Late Heavenly God experts and Heavenly God beasts. By absorbing their Divine Strength, his power had eventually reached the Mid Heavenly God Realm; he was now just one step from the Late Heavenly God Realm. By then, his  power would certainly have a big jump.
Time flew and a few months had gone. All along the way, Jiang Chen had encountered the tribulation of the beasts and demons several times but he still managed to overcome them every time.
Some experts got into difficult situations and they were covered with wounds due to the attacks of the beasts. But Jiang Chen arrived and saved both of the Late Heavenly God Realm sibling’s lives at the end.
“Thank you for saving our life, my savior. I am Li Lei and he is my younger brother, Li Peng.”
A middle-aged man said in a deep voice, looking at Jiang Chen in admiration. Even though Jiang Chen’s strength was not on par with them, he could kill the four Late Heavenly God beasts effortlessly.
“It seems like those beasts are not going to kill you but to catch you instead?”
Jiang Chen said with a frown.
“That’s right, you’re such a sharp-eyed genius. They are not planning to kill us but send us to the Eight Lineages Silver River instead. The marriage of the young master of the Eight Lineages Silver River is approaching and those beasts are determined to offer us to the Eight Lineages Silver River as a present. It seems like those humans who entered the Tian Qi Mountain Range are destined to fall into trouble; none of them may possibly leave the place alive.”
Another man who looked thin and weak said that helplessly. These people were not weak as they could even fight Heavenly God beasts if they unite. However, they had been defeated again and again.
“The people from Eight Lineages Silver River had caught more than thousands of people just to make them as offerings during the marriage of the young master. And those beasts will enjoy a wild and joyful time like putting on a feast of flesh. Those humans who entered the Tian Qi Mountain Range had to resign to their fate. Some were given a chance to stay alive but it turned into a battle of hunting now. The beasts and demons in Eight Lineages Silver River are planning to make us their food.”
Li Lei said with clenched teeth. However they were inferior to them in strength and nearly got caught by them. There was no denying the fact and none of them could change the truth.
Was there anyone who dared to offend the master of Eight Lineages Silver River who was a Divine King expert? He was the sovereign of the Tian Qi Mountain Range and Qilian Region. Even the people of the Qilian Region were afraid of offending this old codger, not to mention those small dealers who were rich in experience and knowledgeable.
“This was just terrible and beneath contempt.”
Jiang Chen frowned. It was the cruelest thing in the world to feed the beasts with thousands of human’s life. Even though he was clear that human beings also follow the law of the jungle in the predatory world. Man is the soul of the universe, however, human beings are just advanced animals which stayed at the top of the food chain. However it was still not acceptable to make humans their food.
“Throughout the ages, it is hard for the beasts and humans to get along well together. The Eight Lineages Silver River has remained peaceful all this time but this battle will definitely cause despair to many and it will definitely stir a storm in Tian Qi Mountain Range.”
Li Lei said under his breath.
She Zhen and She Xinying came across Jiang Chen’s mind suddenly.
“I’d like to ask you about a person. Do you know She Zhen?”
“Shen Zhen? Do I know him? He has been caught for some time. Those from the Eight Lineages Silver River are just despicable and nasty.”
Li Peng asked, looked surprised.
“She Zhen is caught as well?”
Jiang Chen narrowed his eyes. It seemed like he had to visit Eight Lineages Silver River. He did not plan to stir up trouble but he was obligated to do so at this moment. The Eight Lineages Silver River was a local despot of the Tian Qi Mountain Range. But who could hold him back if he decided to go against the law?
“You’re right. There were countless human beings caught in Tian Qi Mountain Range. We are just very lucky to escape from their hunting.”
Li Lei heaved a deep sigh. He realized that they could hardly take a step next.
“Are you interested in doing big things with me?”
Jiang Chen smiled.
Li Lei got a shock, he glanced at Jiang Chen and trembled.
“You just saved our life and we won’t hesitate to go through the fire and water for you.”
“Are you afraid of death?”
Jiang Chen went on.
“People tend to die after all but it could be different if it is a valuable death. Why should I be afraid?”
Li Peng laughed heartily which impressed Jiang Chen .
“Let’s head for Eight Lineages Silver River and save them. Our race is caught and since they turned against the beasts, they are considered as our friends and family at the moment. So I decided to save them from the Eight Lineages Silver River.”
Jiang Chen told them his thoughts.
The siblings looked at each other, nodding their assent and feeling impressed at the same time. They agreed and supported Jiang Chen in doing so.
“It will be worthwhile even if we die. Hahaha.”
Li Lei burst into laughter.
“We are going to save someone, not sending ourselves to die. When will the young master of Eight Lineages Silver River get married?”
Jiang Chen became serious.
“Three days later.”
Li Peng said.
“Good. Let’s do it three days later then.”
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2553 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2554


Hundreds miles of Glacier and the Peak of Eight Mountain Range
In order to boost the power of the Li Lei brothers to the perfect condition, Jiang Chen gave recovery pills to each of them generously. Both of them felt grateful, and showed respect by treating Jiang Chen like their master.
“Do you know where exactly is the Eight Lineages Silver River?”
“Inside the hundreds of miles of glacier and eight mountain ranges is their headquarters. But the Eight Lineages Silver River is strictly guarded so it won’t be easy for us to save the people they captured.”
Li Peng was on the alert.
“Two of you go try to stir up some troubles to disturb them and I would get them. Let’s release all of the captured and catch the capturs with their pants down during the day of the marriage.” A smile overspread Jiang Chen’s face.
He was now heading to hundreds of miles of glacier along with the Li Lei brothers.
Hundred miles of mountains were covered in a pristine layer of snow. The fresh white snow field was frozen, the sky was cloudless.
There were boundless mountains, green pines and verdant cypresses standing erect. Everything was wrapped and adorned in snowy white which looked like soldiers who were grasping their guns and putting up in readiness for the battle. It was overbearing and overwhelming.
Thousands of miles of snow-capped mountain was covered with ice sheets and snow that never melted. Wonderful glacier and breath-taking eight mountain range, it was the reason why it was called Eight Lineages Silver River.
Between those frozen ice and snow, heaven and earth met in a line which would give an impressive visual impact to the viewer. A giant ice bear was lying flat on the thick snow, adding some vitality to the dreary world of ice and snow.
The moment Jiang Chen stepped into the ice field, he could feel that someone was staring at him sharply.
“It’s such a huge terrible formation, it is Heavenly Palace Formation Heavenly Palace Exterminating Formation!”
Jiang Chen was terrified. This kind of formation was known as one of the best middle-grade formations. At least he was sure that he could not cast this kind of formation at the moment. The one who could form this horrifying formation would never be an ordinary person. The Heavenly Palace Exterminating Formation was included in the one hundred and eighty thousand formations of the No Beginning Formation. Even though its killing ability was not paralleled with the Ghost Prison Ashura Sword Formation, it was still exceedingly terrifying and formidable.
“It seems like there is an outstanding great master staying in this mountain range.”
Jiang Chen murmured. Once the formation was activated, the hundred miles of ice field would definitely be burned up and collapse and the caster could even fight against Divine King experts inside the formation.
………….
“Are we going to die here? I don’t want to die. I am still unmarried and I wish to become one of the strongest experts who was well-known by the world. I can’t die now, I can’t be dead.”
Liu Xingjun gritted his teeth, his eyes swept over the cold prison around him, making him terrified. There were hundreds of people trapped in this huge bitterly cold and freezing steel cage. Even though he was not afraid of the frigid snow, the dreadful coldness that was rising from his heart had made him feel hopeless and despair.
Liu Xingjun turned ghastly white. He had chosen to yield without resistance once he was caught by the beasts as he did not want to die. But he realized that he was at the death’s door the moment he was trapped in this huge steel cage.
“Can you please stop yelling like that?”
She Xinying glared fiercely at Liu Xingjun and murmured. Her pretty face had become dirty which made her lose her charming radiance. Even so, she still managed to look cool which made Liu Xingjun cast sheep’s eyes at her.
“I am just afraid of death. I don’t want to die now.” Liu Xingjun murmured.
“Do you think everyone here wants to die? But even so, what can we do? The reason we’re caught and became their prisoner was because we are inferior to those beasts. What else could we do now?”
She Xinying smiled bitterly. She earnestly hoped that an unbeatable hero would appear from the sky and save her from danger. Jiang Chen’s shadow had come across her mind. Wouldn’t that cool young guy come and save her? A wry smile spread over her face, she just realized that she was too naive to believe that. Even though Jiang Chen’s strength was outstanding, it would be like a mantis trying to stop a chariot if he tried to fight against the Eight Lineages Silver River.
She Xinying’s words made everyone sink into despair. They heaved a heavy sigh and groaned. This was a fact which could not be easily changed.
“Not only a prisoner, we will soon become food in their mouth.”
She Zhen said under his breath. Both Liu Xingjun and She Xinying were trembling as it was extremely terrifying to become food for the beasts.
“Is it true that they will eat us? It can’t be true. How could they do that? They are just some inferior kind of beasts.”
Liu Xingjun kept shaking She Zhen’s hands, the words hit him hard again. She Xinying’s face looked ghastly and desperate. Her uncle had been concealing the truth and did not plan to tell them before. But it was not necessary to hide it from them any more by looking at Liu Xingjun’s condition.
Hundreds of them were trapped. There were three powerful Half-step Divine Kings, and around seventy Heavenly God Realm experts, some of which were even as strong as She Zhen. However, more than half of them were inferior to him. Each of them eagerly wish that they could escape from the beasts and leave here alive. Unfortunately, there was no one who could snatch them out of the jaws of death at the moment.
She Zhen’s eyes glittered with regrets. He should not have brought She Xinying in the Tian Qi Mountain Range. Otherwise, she would not have to die here. She was supposed to enjoy a great time since she was still young. However, he had made her confront a miserably bad situation, she now faced death which was totally unfair to her.
“I’m sorry, Xinying.”
She Zhen whispered. But She Xinying was not blaming his uncle for this situation as she was the one who made her choice. Since she made up her mind, she had to walk to the end of the path even though it was difficult. It was her fate after all.
“Where is Jiang Chen? Isn’t he powerful and unbeatable? Is he coming to save us?”
Liu Xingjun was staring at She Zhen with excitement.
“Whoever comes here will be like digging their own grave. Who are you to make him risk himself to save you? You truly made me feel disappointed, Xingjun.”
She Zhen heaved a sigh. No one could face their death calmly, which Liu Xingjun proved by showing his cowardice and fear again and again in the face of death. Perhaps it was just the attitude of humanity.
“I don’t believe it. I can’t believe that this is my fate. It is all because of you. I won’t be dead if you didn’t bring me here. If you’re strong enough to protect us, I won’t be dead. It is all your fault. How you dare to make an excuse now, you’re a walking disaster!”
Liu Xingjun went into hysterics, accusing She Zhen for bringing all of this. She Zhen smiled bitterly, he was just full of disappointment and loneliness. It was not terrible to face death, but yielding in front of death would be worse. Liu Xingjun made him feel disgusted at the moment.
The huge steel cage was all made of thousand-year cold iron which could even resist the attack of Divine Kings with its stiffness. It had entirely blocked their path of survival.
There were countless beasts dancing with great joy on the ice field and the eight mountain range. It was the wedding of their young master, after all. The entire Tian Qi Mountain Range was celebrating the big day, it turned into a scene of jubilation towering the sky like an overbearing cloud.
A young guy who was dressed in white and wore a dragon crown was standing at the peak of the eight mountain range, looking overbearing and brave. His eyes were filled with a shade of coldness and seriousness.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2554 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2555


My Wife was Taken Away
“Defeated? They are useless. Are there other Divine Kings in this Dong Wu Sunset Mountain? Okay, let’s not talk about getting the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart. But, they all have been defeated and buried inside. I am quite curious who has such capability to go against my Eight Lineages Silver River?”
“Young master. The opponent’s strength is unpredictable. However, it’s said that he was not the only one who survived the battle at Dong Wu Sunset Mountain.”
A gloomy and deep voice echoed around the young man’s ear. There was a man with long wavy hair who looked very tall. He was wearing black clothes and was incomparably cold. It was an obvious contrast between the aura of the black-clothed man and the young master.
“From what you said, the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart has been stolen away, right?”
Xue Ying said in a deep voice, giving the black-clothed man a glance.
“I can’t deny that. However, the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart doesn’t seem that important to the young master. Right now, our young master’s wedding is more important.” The black-clothed man said calmly.
“Great Guardian. I hand over all the people here to you on this special day. That two rubbishes have died. The four great guardians of Eight Lineages Silver River have become a joke. I really want to see who is going to make a mess on my wedding day.”
Xue Ying sneered while looking at the wide ice field, feeling extremely peaceful. In the Tian Qi Mountain Range, he was the young master who stood above hundreds and thousands of people. Those who dared to go against him only had one path, death.
The black-clothed man was the number-one of the four great guardians of Eight Lineages Silver River, Yuan Fengchen!
“It’s our young master’s wedding day that everyone should celebrate. Who dares to make a mess? I, Yuan Fengchen ,will definitely put him to death and he will not even have a place to bury his body.” Yuan Fengchen declared.
“Alright. Great Guardian, you will be my right-hand man starting today. Once I’ve been enthroned to be the overload, you are definitely going to be the number-one statesman. As my dad is going to break through soon, Eight Lineages Silver River is in a situation where talented men are needed. We have so many unreliable guys that makes us worried, but I hope that you don’t disappoint me.”
Xue Ying said in a low voice.
“Don’t worry, young master. I will do everything even at the cost of my life.”
“Alright, alright. I believe that I have an eye for seeing a good talent.”
Xue Ying gave Yuan Fengchen a pat on the shoulder
“Let’s go out and see how the preparation is going. We are going to have more than ten thousand guests and we must treat them all well. Although Eight Lineages Silver River is the lord of the Tian Qi Mountain Range, we are still supposed to show them some respect. Never let them see Eight Lineages Silver River as a joke. The Eight Lineages Silver River will also give them a big surprise under the heavens. Haha. And let them know that I am going to marry the most beautiful lady. Haha I am going to see my beauty first.”
After leaving, Xue Ying walked to his palace.
Eight Lineages Silver River had a very strict security. When Jiang Chen came to the foot of Eight Lineages Peak, he felt an enormous pressure. The Eight Lineages Peak was closely related to the Heavenly Palace Exterminating Formation. This also meant that the Eight Lineages Peak was the formation’s eye. It’s a formation eye that was formed by nature, and it strengthens Eight Lineages Silver River when dealing with enemies.
Suddenly, Jiang Chen saw a figure under the Eight Lineages Peak. It was a man wearing green clothes and his physique was sturdy. Although he had concealed his true strength, Jiang Chen could feel that the man was releasing a terrifying aura.
“Blue-eyed Azure Flower Toad!”
Jiang Chen took a cold breath. Is this the father of the Blue-eyed Azure Flower Toad whom he had killed?
“Master, slow down yourself!”
Jiang Chen called the green-clothed man.
“Who are you?”
The green-clothed man looked at Jiang Chen coldly, filled with intense killing intent.
“Master, I sense a familiar aura from you.”
Jiang Chen said.
The green-clothed man’s eyes looked stunned for a while, while staring at Jiang Chen.
“You better be more straightforward, otherwise, I am going to kill you.”
The green-clothed man gazed at Jiang Chen while Jiang Chen shivered for a second as well. He was indeed a Divine King Realm expert. It seems like he just broke through to the Divine King Realm, his strength was very formidable.
“Master, if I am not wrong, you should be Brother Toad’s family. I mean Blue-eyed Azure Flower Toad’s family.”
Jiang Chen looked solemn.
“What are you trying to say?”
The green-clothed man pressed against Jiang Chen.
“Master, please have a look to see if this is your son’s aura.”
Jiang Chen took out a piece of poisonous pill immediately.
“This is what Brother Toad gave me before he passed away. He wanted me to look for his father, so that his father can take revenge.”
Jiang Chen’s eyes looked reddish and he was filled with emotion.
The green-clothed man held the poisonous pill immediately. His hands were shaking and his eyes immediately turned red. He was outraged as it was indeed his son’s aura.
“I am his father. Who are you?”
The green-clothed man of course would not trust Jiang Chen easily.
“Are you really Brother Toad’s father? I can’t believe that I would be able to meet you here. Thank God! And you have really opened my eyes.”
Jiang Chen acted as if he was very excited.
“Be careful, I will kill you if you try to cheat me.”
“Brother Toad and I hit it off very quickly after meeting for some time. He did not look down on my strength and allowed me to follow after him. He had been irresistible in the Tian Qi Mountain Range. However, we have encountered someone who claimed himself as the young master of Eight Lineages Silver River. He despised us.
“Brother Toad was so talented and formidable. How could he tolerate someone who despised him. So, Brother Toad and the young master had a battle. Brother Toad’s strength was terrifying and he pressed against the young master fiercely. However, I was not able to offer any help due to my incapability. At the same time, the young master of Eight Lineages Silver River had two Half-step Heavenly God Realm guardians helping him.
“Brother Toad had to deal with the three of them. In the end, he was defeated, however, he also managed to injure them badly. Before he passed away, he even saved me from the predicament and wanted me to look for his father so his father could take revenge. Unfortunately, you’re so formidable and more powerful than Brother Toad, how am I going to find even your shadow. Fortunately, I have met you here today. It’s God’s arrangement.”
Jiang Chen finished his sentence while gritting his teeth. He was so emotional and full of anger while telling the story.
“Why are you here then?”
The green-clothed man said coldly.
“Master, you might not know that my wife had been taken away by this young master of Eight Lineages Silver River. He saw that my wife is as beautiful as an angel, then he took her away forcefully. He even announced that he is going to marry my wife at Eight Lineages Peak. I hate him to the core. However, I am weak and couldn’t hope to match him. I was thinking of sneaking into Eight Lineages Peak in the dark, and look for a chance to kill him.”
Jiang Chen said while trembling in anger. The green-clothed man finally put down his guard and looked at Jiang Chen silently.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2555 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2556


Chapter 2556
Senior is Mighty and Powerful
6th of the week!
Do support us in Patreon if you are able to, so that we can continue translating the novel for you! 🙂
“I’ll help you get your revenge. I will let that old coot of the Eight Lineages Silver River know what price he has to pay for killing my son. I’ll have him pay the price with my life on the line.” The Old Toad was fearless, even if it cost him his life.
Jiang Chen thought, Looks like he’s not confident in defeating the lord of the Eight Lineages Silver River as he has just reached the Divine King Realm recently.
Jiang Chen could see the hesitation in the Old Toad’s eyes. However, he decided to do so nonetheless, for the sake of his son.
“I’ve already suspected that my son was killed by the men of the Eight Lineages Silver River. Looks like I’m right. I will have them pay the price. ” The Old Toad gritted his teeth and said.
“Could, senior also save my wife??” Jiang Chen asked softly.
“You knew my son and I’m grateful towards you. It would be my pleasure to help save your wife.”
“Senior, shall I propose a deal with you today? ” Jiang Chen suddenly became serious.
The Old Toad looked at Jiang Chen with squinted eyes.
“Speak, quickly.”
“Senior, I accidently found an Azure Spirit Pill in a mountain. Does senior know the effect of this pill?”
The Old Toad quickly moved towards Jiang Chen with a rugged breathing.
“Azure Spirit Pill. You said you have an Azure Spirit Pill?” The Old Toad became excited.
This was the reaction Jiang Chen wanted from Old Toad.
“Yes, I am willing to offer this Azure Spirit Pill to senior, my only hope is for senior to save my wife. I would be extremely grateful for it. Although the Azure Spirit Pill is also precious to me, I cannot truly use it effectively. Because, only Divine King experts could fully utilise its effect and thoroughly absorb the medicinal essence.” Jiang Chen said, as if he made a great resolution.
“Has senior already broken through to the Divine King Realm?”
“Of course. Where is the Azure Spirit Pill?” The Old Toad said impatiently, staring at Jiang Chen, without blinking.
Jiang Chen then snapped the Azure Spirit Pill into his palm.
“This Azure Spirit Pill. Senior’s strength will surely improve if senior takes it. Then, you’ll certainly be able to beat the lord of the Eight Lineages Silver River and exact revenge for brother toad and save my wife. The price of the Azure Spirit Pill could not be compared with my wife and brother toad.”
Jiang Chen said with tearful eyes. The Old Toad also felt moved as he saw Jiang Chen.
The Old Toad only has one thought after taking the Azure Spirit Pill, to break through as soon as possible. So that he could have a grand battle against the lord of the Eight Lineages Silver River. Especially that young lord, he’ll certainly tear his body apart, leaving him with a cruel death.
“Not bad, you have some great foresight even though you’re still young. Responsible and righteous. You’re allowed to follow me after we save your wife, be my adopted son and I’ll cultivate your talent.” The Old Toad took the Azure Spirit Pill and said.
“Thank you, senior. This lad dares not to ask more, I only hope that senior could kill the young lord of the Eight Lineages Silver River and take revenge for brother toad and save my wife. I shall be eternally grateful for it.”
“I will make the Eight Lineages Silver River lose face when all the guests are present for the wedding ceremony!” The Old Toad held the Azure Spirit Pill with the fire of vengeance in his eyes.
Jiang Chen also felt slightly pained in his heart, but as long as it managed to do the job of pointing the Old Toad towards the lord of the Eight Lineages Silver River. The timing was right as the pill could make the Old Toad face the lord, it would be great if both of them got gravely injured, or even die fighting.
Moreover, the Azure Spirit Pill was able to win the Old Toad’s trust. Now, the old fool completely trusts Jiang Chen.
“There’s no worry about my vengeance not being paid with this Azure Spirit Pill!” The Old Toad sneered as he was holding his urge to swallow the Azure Spirit Pill.
“I shall take this Azure Spirit Pill now, protect me and leave the vicinity of Eight Lineages Peak.”
“Alright, senior will certainly create another legend this time, not even the lord of the Eight Lineages Silver River shall be your match.” Jiang Chen praised.
“Yes, good good good. Although it’s a bit over the top, but you’re right in one thing. My power will surely reach a new height after taking this pill, and then, not even that old fool shall be my match. Hahaha. Then, the lord of the Tianqi Mountain Range will change.” The Old Toad said with a mad laugh, full of confidence.
“Senior is mighty and powerful! You’re the true Overlord of the Tianqi Mountain Range.” Jiang Chen said with a smile.
He had tampered this Azure Spirit Pill, making him easily kill off the Old Toad once he devoured the pill completely. The Azure Spirit Pill was marked with Jiang Chen’s Five Elemental True Fire, the Old Toad will certainly die once the Five Elemental True Fire takes his life essence. Therefore, Jiang Chen wasn’t afraid of the old fella. He hoped that the Old Toad could get rid of the lord of the Eight Lineages Silver River. Then his job would be easier.
The Old Toad digested the pill in less than half a day, however the effect wasn’t thoroughly digested. He has already reached the Peak of Early Divine King Realm, he could even reach the Mid Divine King Realm if he continued digesting the pill. However, the Old Toad couldn’t wait anymore as the time given to them was running out.
Eight Lineages Silver River was filled with a festive vibe, flowers, lanterns, colourful decorations and playful gongs could be heard.
“Haha, congratulations, congratulations. I prepared a small gift for the wedding of the young lord. I hope the young lord will accept it.”
“Yeah, this one is the same too, although my gift is small, the feelings are real, I hope the young lord does not dislike it.”
“The young lord is a talented and handsome man. The soon-to-be young madame must be gorgeous, a one of a kind.”
“Congratulations, young master, you’ll need to take hold of the future of the Eight Lineages Silver River.”
Innumerable voices of flattering resounded throughout the Eight Lineages Silver River, thousands of demonic beasts and humans came to congratulate. The rulers of the Tianqi mountain range weren’t limited to demonic beasts but humans too. Many came in this mountain range to avoid the mortal realm, but things did not change because this place was much more realistic, much more dreadful than the outside world.
Xue Ying was holding a golden cup, drinking away with countless experts of the Tianqi Mountain Range, the gong and drums were extremely loud as magpies hovered around the thousand Li icy plain.
Xue Ying squinted his eyes as he saw thousands of human experts were prepared to become feast for this grand festivity.
Xue Ying glanced at Yuan Fengchen beside him, notifying him that he could show the thousand-man feast to the guest anytime.
“The young lord is one-of-a-kind, extremely talented individual. We’re now more curious how beautiful the young madame is?” Li Lei mixed into the crowd of the Eight Lineages Silver River and said loudly, perking the interest of others.
“This brother is right, young lord, when could we witness the greatest beauty under the heavens? We’re here wanting to feast our eyes on. The young lord wouldn’t be that stingy, right? The young madame is the most impressive and dignified under the heavens, we ought to see it ourselves, am I right, everyone? ” Li Peng said with a smile, following in the footsteps of Li Lei.
Suddenly, everyone followed suit, and Xue Ying got troubled by this.
“Alright, alright, I wanted to have my wife come and meet you all at the very end. Since everyone is very impatient about it. Then, my ugly wife will have to meet the guest. Hahaha, it’s up to the guests’ judgement whether she’s as peerless and graceful as you all said.” Xue Ying laughed madly.
On this grand day of his marriage, he wore a stylish red robe. As he got pressured by the crowds, he was forced to ask his wife to come out.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2556 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2557


Chapter 2557
Settling the old and new scores
Yuan Fengchen frowned. The original plan got disrupted by the guests. This thousand-men sacrificial feast was an important part for the demonic beasts. It must not be omitted, especially on the young lord’s wedding day.
At this moment, Jiang Chen had snuck into the Eight Lineages Peak. He scouted several spots and finally detected She Zhen’s presence.
“I did not come in vain.” Jiang Chen said with a smile as he gazed at the giant prison forged by Millennium Cold Iron, feeling pretty shocked.
Such a waste, so much Millennium Cold Iron. If I can take it all, I can surely forge quite a number of divine tools.
“Who are you? This is the death row of the Eight Lineages Silver River, unrelated personnel must leave this place immediately. Today is the young lord’s wedding day, we do not want to make things difficult for you.” A Late Heavenly God cheetah shouted with a dozen more Mid Heavenly God tiny cheetahs roaring together.
“But, I want to make things difficult for you, how about it?” Jiang Chen then unsheathed his blade and he instantly killed 11 demonic beasts without leaving a trace.
“Is Big Brother She Zhen here?” Jiang Chen shouted, his voice echoed throughout the prison cells. Even without Jiang Chen raising his head, hundreds of Late Heavenly God demonic beasts had already surrounded the place.
She Zhen and She Xinying trembled. Liu Xingjun was also incomparably excited.
She Xinying was blushing. Did he come here to save me? That peerless hero in my dream, he finally answered my call.
“It’s him, it’s him, it’s really Jiang Chen! Hahaha. He came to save us. Haven’t I said it? The heavens have not forsaken us.”
Liu Xingjun shouted excitedly, forgetting the fact that he was disrespectful towards She Zhen. She Zhen was now utterly disappointed with him.
But in the face of death, Liu Xingjun had already forgotten about his honour, anything goes as long as he could live.
“Somebody has come to save us, we’re saved. Hahaha. ”
“Is that true? To think someone dared to enter the Eight Lineages Silver River to save others, looks like this person must be a peerless expert.”
“Finally we do not need to die, haha, I’ve had enough of this f*cking place and those bastards.”
Hundreds of men cheered in joy as hope suddenly blossomed in their heart at this moment.
“Brother Jiang Chen, why do you risk your life to save me, what do I, She Zhen, have?” She Zhen sighed as he covered his face.
It would be great if Jiang Chen was really able to save them, but if he were to die in this place, then he couldn’t rest peacefully even in death.
“Big Brother She, you’re wrong. Friends should look out for each other, right?”
Jiang Chen’s voice made She Zhen feel a touch of respect and love that he had never felt before in his life.
“Hahaha, Brother Jiang Chen, I can die without regrets for having a friend such as you, there’s nothing more a man could demand.” She Zhen was extremely excited.
Whereas She Xinying felt slightly disappointed. Jiang Chen… isn’t he here to save me?
“This Millennium Cold Iron, not even a Half-Step Divine King could destroy it, moreover, it’s supported with a formation. Jiang Chen, are you confident?” She Xinying asked.
“We’ll never know before trying.” Jiang Chen looked up, and looked at his surroundings. At least over a hundred trash, let’s do some cleaning.
Countless people silently looked at Jiang Chen through the cracks. A Mid Heavenly God fella, what does he have to save them all? Even those excited fellas hesitated. As Jiang Chen’s cultivation was too weak. Those hundreds of Late Heavenly Gods could tear him to shreds.
“You dare enter the Eight Lineages Silver River to rescue our prisoners, you’re pretty ballsy. Kill him!” The leading demonic beast commanded.
Hundreds of Late Heavenly God demonic beasts rushed towards Jiang Chen at the same time, however he was still calm even as hundreds of beasts were rushing towards him. She Zhen and the others felt suffocated from that very scene.
“Overconfident fools.” Jiang Chen sneered.
Sword images flew and danced through the skies. When nine blades fell, hundreds of demonic beasts fell at the same time, without any trace, without any bloodshed.
Everyone gasped as Jiang Chen was only a Mid Heavenly God, yet his strength was on par with those Half-Step Divine King experts.
“This giant Millennium Cold Iron is just what I needed for refinement.”
Jiang Chen’s Five Elemental True Fire cut through the sky like a sharp fire-blade, cutting down on the steel cage, splitting it in half, the terror of the Five Elemental True Fire was out of these people’s imagination. Even the Millennium Cold Iron was cut down like the leaves in autumn.
“Brother, thank you!” She Zhen was injured pretty heavily.
He could not completely recover even after so long. Most of the humans here were the same. They had fought back hard, causing them to suffer such grave injuries.
She Xinying looked at Jiang Chen with affectionate eyes. However, Jiang Chen’s expression was calm, causing She Xinying’s fiery heart to receive another blow.
“Thank you brother for your help. ”
Hundreds of people felt grateful towards Jiang Chen. Humans and demonic beasts will always stand at the opposing side. Jiang Chen wasn’t doing it for good, but it was due to convenience. These demonic beasts were extremely hateful.
“Needless to say, it’s best to not linger any longer. Please, run away from this place as fast as possible.” Jiang Chen said.
The prisoners immediately dispersed, leaving the Eight Lineages Peak.
“Big Brother She, Miss She, let us leave quickly.”
“Alright.” She Zhen nodded.
Jiang Chen looked at She Xinying, how could he not know what she’s thinking? However, Jiang Chen had already suffered a major loss with regards to relationships between women. Plus, it’s impossible for him to love one after the other. They are not fated to be together in this life. After experiencing those countless reversals with Yu Jingfan, his heart had become still as a calm lake.
“Such great abilities, trying to run away after killing? There’s no such thing under the heavens.” A cold voice resounded through the space.
A black figure cut across the sky with murderous intent, it was the great guardian of the Eight Lineages Silver River, Yuan Fengchen.
“Those who block my path shall die.” Jiang Chen stared at Yuan Fengchen.
The intent to kill within the latter’s eyes was getting thicker and thicker.
“Very well then, I would very much like to see how I am going to die.” Yuan Fengchen sneered as he pointed at Jiang Chen with his silver hook.
How could a Mid Heavenly God be a threat to him?
“Leave this place, quickly. I’ll handle things from here.” Jiang Chen said towards She Zhen.
She Zhen did not speak another word, he’s not a wishy-washy man. They’ll only become a burden for Jiang Chen, they might as well leave this place as soon as possible.
“Jiang Chen, you must live and come back.” She Xinying gritted her teeth and said as she turned and left.
Yuan Fengchen did not stop them. Those men will certainly be pursued by the men of the Eight Lineages Silver River. He’s much more interested in Jiang Chen now.
“Fei Ying and Xiong Zhan, you should know them, right? ” Jiang Chen said with a smile.
“Who are you?” Yuan Fengchen’s pupils contracted and he shouted.
“Don’t you feel it? Your two brothers are now waving towards you. They’ve left this world, so you shouldn’t be living in this world too. There’s nothing great about the Eight Lineages Silver River.”
“So, does this mean that you’ve killed my two brothers? Very well, let’s settle the new and old scores now. There’s a peaceful path for you to choose yet you chose to enter this place willingly. ” Yuan Fengchen roared furiously.
In the icy plains, filled with icy peaks, two fellas staring down at each other. A battle was soon to explode.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2557 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2558


The Graceful and Talented Yan Qingcheng
“So beautiful! The best of the best in the Divine World. I swear, I’ve never seen such a beautiful woman before.”
“I’ve never seen such a beautiful woman before. God, this is truly an eye-opener.”
“I would certainly snatch her away right here and now if I’m strong enough. I’ll gladly die in her embrace, it would be worthy for me to die 10,000 times over for a woman like her.”
“This is the best gift the heavens could give to the world, what do the Eight Lineages Silver River’s young lord have to marry such a beautiful woman and become his wife?”
“The young lord of the Eight Lineages Silver River is so lucky.”
At this moment, all the guests that came to the Eight Lineages Silver River to congratulate the couple felt angered by this. Xue Ying held the white-robed lady’s hand, her beauty couldn’t be blocked by a mere veil. She’s like a perfect sculpture, art, drawn by the heavens, one that could only be admired from afar and not be tarnished.
The lady’s expression was cold, her eyes were calm with a beauty that couldn’t be blocked by a veil. Xue Ying, who was beside her, was filled with excitement and pride, who can possibly compare against him in the Eight Lineages Silver River? In this whole Tianqi Mountain Range, even the whole Qilian Region. His woman is the number one under the heavens.
Xue Ying too did not expect to be blessed, their meeting was pretty hilarious. It should be the heroine saving the hero, but in the end, the young master of the Eight Lineages Silver River regarded her highly (TL: This is exactly what’s in the raw). Xue Ying used countless methods and schemes to have her stay in the Eight Lineages Silver River. Moreover, he wouldn’t have such happiness if it wasn’t for his father’s strength suppressing her.
Xue Ying could care less about the views of the commoners, after all he was the future master of the Tianqi Mountain Range. He does not need to care about the bark of others. He finally got his hands on such beauty after many difficulties. I won’t complain after she becomes my official wife. Why should I care even if she rebels a hundred years later? She’ll become a mom by then. 
Countless men and demonic beasts of the Tianqi Mountain Range congratulated the happy birds. Xue Ying had become the main character on the whole mountain range, fulfilling the dreams of all men, marrying such a gorgeous woman.
“Today, everyone is fortunate enough to come to my Eight Lineages Silver River’s great wedding, my wife and I have fulfilled the wish of everyone here. My woman is certainly the number one beauty in this world. Hahaha.” Xue Ying said with a wide smile, eyes filled with pride. Can any of you do it? No one, only me! 
Xue Ying looked at those eyes of jealousy, feeling much more delighted. He wanted to let everyone know that he’s royalty, one that no one dares to go against. He’s using this chance to let everyone know that he should become the master of the Eight Lineages Silver River.
“It’s like a beautiful flower stabbed on top of a cow dung. That beautiful woman wouldn’t have come for Xue Ying if he wasn’t the young lord of the Eight Lineages Silver River.”
“Ain’t that right, it’s truly a waste. Such a woman should only exist in the legends, that arrogant Xue Ying gives off a blasphemy feel.”
“That face of a bully, chet, if it wasn’t for his father, who would come and congratulate him? My anger came boiling at me after seeing the bride, he got it all didn’t he.”
Countless people silently discussed in private, mostly the ones who were moved by the beauty of the bride, suffocatingly beautiful. This wedding feast will truly cause many people to feel bitter.
The winter wind blew as it brushed across that sculpture-like beauty, the veil slowly flew away and it unveiled her beauty.
Beautiful… Gorgeous…
Everyone looked at this scene, stunned, still as a statue, shocked by the beauty of the bride. She should be an angel, one that has fallen into this mortal realm.
“How come I have never heard of such a beautiful woman…?” Liu Xingjun murmured.
At this moment, he stopped running, not just him, even SHe Zhen and the others paused to have a look. Not a single man could remain calm in the face of such a woman, that was the power of the charm of one that could bring down castles and countries.
Even She Xinying couldn’t help but sigh:
“If I have 1/10,000 of her beauty, Jiang Chen would surely never ignore me…” She Xinying smiled bitterly as she too was immersed in the beauty of the lady.
Jiang Chen slowly turned back and looked. At this moment, he shook as if he was struck by lightning.
“Qian… Qiancheng… is that you?” Jiang Chen murmured.
Yan Qiancheng, why is she here? Plus, the wife-to-be of the young lord of the Eight Lineages Silver River? Jiang Chen frowned, feeling extremely complicated. He never expected to be reunited with her in the Divine World. Moreover, at her wedding. It’s a joke, a hilarious joke, a sad joke…
“I refuse to believe it! Qiancheng will not leave me!” Jiang Chen stared at her without blinking.
He believed that Yan Qingcheng would never betray him, not even death would move her. It must be the scheme of the lord of the Eight Lineages Silver River. Qingcheng, you had your own difficulties, right? 
Before, Yan Qingcheng pursued Jiang Chen with a struggle, from that nameless border city without any experts towards the Immortal World’s stage. Jiang Chen was finally moved by Yan Qingcheng, her fiery love enveloped Jiang Chen wholely.
It’s not that he doesn’t love her, he’s just worried that he couldn’t give her enough. Humans slowly pursued, crawled each and every step for the sake of immortality,  this was the least bit of promise that he could give her.
Since one has fallen in love, there are no qualms about it. Wu Ningzhu, Yan Chenyu or Yan Qingchen, all of them were important to Jiang Chen, not one of them better than the other. They were all his true love.
Somebody else covets my wife. Jiang Chen’s heart became ice-cold, he’ll never let this go no matter what.
Jiang Chen never expected that the lie he simply thought of actually came true. The Eight Lineages Silver River’s young lord was actually marrying his woman.
Honestly, it was pretty hilarious, but Jiang Chen would never allow Yan Qingcheng to marry the young lord. His original plan was to leave as soon as possible after saving the others, but now, it looks like it’s not that easy.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2558 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2559


Chapter 2559
She’s Mine
Jiang Chen must take her with him. It doesn’t matter if Qiancheng knew him or not.
Unless, she really liked that young lord of the Eight Lineages Silver River, but that’s impossible. Jiang Chen believed in Yan Qingcheng.
“Why? Got shocked by our young lady? Not just you, the whole Tianqi Mountain Range is shocked. Because our young lady is one of a kind.” Yuan Fengchen said indifferently.
Obviously, he did not go any further, he was an expert with principle.
“You’re right, but it’s a pity that she isn’t your young lord’s woman.” Jiang Chen glanced at Yuan Fengchen and said coldly.
Yuan Fengchen was stunned as Jiang Chen flew towards the sky like a meteor with great speed. Yuan Fengchen did not expect him to be this fast, to travel a dozen li in such a short moment. Yuan Fengchen couldn’t catch up to where Jiang Chen was going when he used the Great Void Technique.
“So fast!”
Jiang Chen stood proudly in the sky like a peerless battle god, arriving on top of the Eight Lineages Silver River. Everyone looked up towards his sudden arrival because the Eight Lineages Silver River prohibits flying. Moreover, it was extremely difficult to fly in such a harsh environment.
Everyone was surprised, shocked and curious by Jiang Chen’s appearance. A Mid Heavenly God fella dared to stand on top of the skies of the Eight Lineages Silver River, making everyone look up to him as if he’s courting death.
“Release her, otherwise, I’ll level the whole Eight Lineages Silver River flat!” Jiang Chen stared at Xue Ying coldly.
“Who are you? You dare cause trouble at my Eight Lineages Silver River? Have you seen yourself, is this a joke?” Xue Ying’s voice was cold and murderous as he stared back at Jiang Chen. Both of them were filled with murderous intent directed at each other.
“And who the hell are you? Do you know who she is? Wanna marry her? You’re not qualified. Because she’s my woman.” Jiang Chen said coldly.
“Such an arrogant lad, looks like you’re here to cause trouble. Yuan Fengchen, kill that ape for me.” Xue Ying stared at Jiang Chen.
To dare pry upon his woman… looks like this fool doesn’t know what death is. On this Eight Lineages Silver River, he’s the supreme royalty.
“Who is he? To think he dares to trespass the Eight Lineages Silver River alone to rob the young lord’s wife? Is this real?”
“Looks like it’s an idiot. A mere Mid Heavenly God dares to cause a scene? He’ll certainly lose his life.”
“This kind of fool will never be a match against the young lord. He’s unqualified.”
“Really? He looks pretty serious, he doesn’t look like he’s joking. Did the young lord rob him of his love?”
The guests discussed amongst themselves. Each having their own opinion. Jiang Chen’s presence has piqued their interest. This young lord who had invited everyone to come for his wedding day to have such a show, it truly makes one wonder…
Especially since Jiang Chen said the wife-in-question was his woman, looks like it’s going to get spicy.
“It’s Jiang Chen? Has he gone nuts?” She Xinying said with a shocked expression.
Jiang Chen suddenly came out of nowhere, what does he want to do? Did he get horny, wanting the young madame of the Eight Lineages Silver River? But that’s not right, Yu Erniang’s pretty good too. Jiang Chen was able to stay calm in front of her, now he’s this desperate, to even rob one’s wife.
“Brother Jiang, why are you doing this? Could he really be related to that woman?” She Zhen was also extremely shocked.
“I don’t believe it.” She Xinying gritted her teeth. She cannot accept this.
However, if that beauty was really Jiang Chen’s woman, then, She Xinying will give up. Because she couldn’t be compared against such a woman.
Jiang Chen looked at Yan Qingcheng with a gentle gaze. But the latter just looked at him with the eyes of a stranger. Jiang Chen felt pain from his heart, a tearing pain.
“How can this be?”
“Who are you? Why do you say that I’m your woman?” Yan Qingcheng frowned.
“Qian Cheng, you… have you truly forgotten?” Jiang Chen was completely stunned.
But in the eyes of Yan Qingcheng, she couldn’t see any connections, longing, the familiarity between lovers changed into an unspeakable unknown. It wasn’t an act, could she have really lost her memories?
“You’re not the great hero that I dreamed of marrying since I was young, nor are you a prince or an expert.” Yan Qingcheng stared at Jiang Chen.
However, this man really gives off such a familiar feel. To crave for what he is not worthy of, yet I couldn’t speak of those words.
Jiang Chen shook his head with a bitter laugh.
“Yeah, I’m not a prince nor an expert,but why did you like me?”
In the past, Yan Qingcheng ignored the distance and pursued me, just to be by my side. Now, she’s so beautiful, graceful and talented. Whereby she left quite a gap between us. Jiang Chen thought of giving up but he knew that the current Yan Qingcheng wasn’t happy, no matter if she was being controlled or had lost her memories. He will not let her go. Just like her, not willing to let go of his arms even in the face of death.
“Although I don’t remember who you are, I do feel a special feeling from you, making me think about you, not daring to forget you.” Yan Qingcheng murmured with a faint smile on her lips.
This person was surely special, but she couldn’t remember, was there something special between them?
“That’s enough.”
Jiang Chen’s heart felt much more determined. She’s his Qiancheng.
“Since you’ve forgotten it all, it’s all well. From now on, I will pay back everything I owed you. You have pursued me back then, now I will use my own method in chasing you. To love is not to part, it’s two hearts who shall never be separated no matter how far both of them are. No matter what happens.”
Yan Qingcheng looked at Jiang Chen with an interested gaze.
“You’re pretty interesting.” Yan Qingcheng lightly bit her fingers.
Countless people were shocked. Such a pretty woman. This act of robbing one’s wife is truly bold.
“Trash, you dare try to rob Qingcheng from me, are you qualified? I will kill you off like stomping on an insect.” Xue Ying said with disdain. He wouldn’t even bother killing Jiang Chen himself.
“Trying to kill off someone just to get rid of the evidence? Robbing off one’s love, trying to eliminate evidence, she’s my woman, you’re unqualified to be with her.” Jiang Chen sneered.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2559 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2560


Invincible below the Divine King Realm
“Who’s not worthy of Qingcheng, shouldn’t you know about that? No matter what, Qingcheng will never like you, no matter what bullsh*t you said, don’t think of getting Qingcheng from my hands.”
Xue Ying was somewhat annoyed and angered as he looked at Yuan Fengchen who was rushing towards the scene.
“I do not want to see him anymore, kill him!”
“Yes, young lord.” Yuan Fengchen slowly looked up towards Jiang Chen.
“I will not stay silent even if you refuse to act, you dare touch my woman, only death awaits you.”
Jiang Chen unsheathed his blade. The moment the Heavenly Dragon Sword appeared, Yan Qingcheng’s eyes lit up, showing a hint of shock.
“Such a terrifying blade!” Yan Qingcheng looked at Jiang Chen, with shock, heart pounding loudly.
The Heavenly Dragon Sword was unsheathed, dragon roars could be heard through the skies. Yuan Fengchen stood on the sky with extreme vigour as he faced Jiang Chen.
“Pretty good sword, but you’re too weak. That sword is mine.” Xue Ying’s eyes lit up, he’s taken a liking to Jiang Chen’s Heavenly Dragon Sword a lot.
Yuan Fengchen’s sharp blade moved towards Jiang Chen.
However, Jiang Chen was unfazed, not even the Half-Step Divine King, Yuan Fengchen, had what it takes to kill him in a single strike.
Jiang Chen raised his blade and the sword intent of the Sword of Solitude filled the air. Yuan Fengchen did not expect Jiang Chen to be this powerful as he got forced back from that single blade alone. The whole Eight Lineages Silver River was utterly shocked!
The leader of the four grand guardians got forced back by a mere Mid Heavenly God!
“Is that a Mid Heavenly God?”
“Isn’t he too strong?”
“Yes, monstrously strong, that Yuan Fengchen is hailed to be the strongest below the Divine King Realm, but is really really just weak?”
Yuan Fengchen’s face became cold as the chattering continued. Jiang Chen, who was a Mid Heavenly God… could he not defeat him? He will become a joke if he really could not!
“Sui Han Shura Blade!’ Yuan Fengchen roared with vigour as he rushed towards Jiang Chen again.
Two figures kept clashing against one another and the air vibrated with the ringing of two weapons clashing. The audience held their breath as they watched the battle. Both separated against one another, and then Jiang Chen stood peerless with the dominating dragon prestige of his blade, causing Yuan Fengchen to feel immense pressure. Under the effect of Jiang Chen’s dragon prestige, any demonic beasts will have to back off and respect his might.
“How can there be such a terrifying dragon prestige?” Yuan Fengchen thought as his blade cut through the void.
However, his blade couldn’t cut through Jiang Chen’s Heavenly Dragon Sword and his momentum was getting pushed back by Jiang Chen. A Mid Heavenly God to possess such battle strength… Yuan Fengchen felt an immense shame, but nobody knew it as Jiang Chen’s blade was too terrifying. The Fusion of Dragon and Sword was invincible!
“Yuan Fengchen, do not disappoint me.” Xue Ying’s voice reverberated in Yuan Fengchen’s ears.
Yuan Fengchen shivered. He’s but a Mid Heavenly God, I’ll certainly be a joke of the century if I get surprised by this fella.
Yuan Fengchen then rushed towards Jiang Chen with vigour. Jiang Chen, on the other hand, was unfazed by this action of his. The Eight Lineages Silver River’s icy mountains cracked and crumbled from their clash.
It was earth-breaking, none had witnessed such a scale of battle other than Divine King experts.
Jiang Chen only had one thought. That was to kill Xue Ying and take Yan Qingcheng away.
“Die, you lost all chance.” Yuan Fengchen unleashed his sword techniques.
Gigantic sword-winds emerged. Jiang Chen was unmoved by it, and he just looked at Yan Qingcheng with a gentle gaze. He then smirked with a cold smile, releasing his cold murderous intent.
“Heavenly Dragon Battle Armour!”
Countless blade-wind cut across the air, crumbling the icy mountains and waterfall. Yet Jiang Chen was still unfazed, everyone thought that he would certainly fall but the result was different. He managed to withstand Yuan Fengchen’s attack causing the latter to lose his confidence.
Yuan Fengchen staggered as he took two steps back, his expression changed. He did not expect Jiang Chen to have such a powerful defense.
“Pretty good, but not enough, you’re barely there.” Yan Qingcheng shook her head with a light chuckle.
“Now, try mine for a size.”
Jiang Chen’s eyes became cold as the aura of the Heavenly Dragon Sword reached the sky, the Sword of Solitude! This was the invincible Jiang Chen, cutting the void apart and the Heavenly intent!
Jiang Chen changed into a rain of blade, piercing across the sky, cutting across everything that stood in its path.
Jiang Chen did not hold back. This blade made Yuan Fengchen feel the threat of death as he retreated. The whole Eight Lineages Silver River became silent. Jiang Chen may not be as strong as Yuan Fengchen but his techniques were powerful, everyone acknowledged it. That sword technique that cut across even the void, cutting across love and hatred, life and death. Jiang Chen passed through Yuan Fengchen as the sword figures dissipated. Nobody knew that Jiang Chen had sheathed his blade.
“Meh.” Yuan Fengchen sneered but he coughed a mouthful of blood as he took three steps forward. Falling down from the sky, staggering and his expression became pale and weak.
Jiang Chen smiled with confidence and ease. Because that blade had cut through Yuan Fengchen’s strength, he would probably be impaired for a while if he survives this.
The whole Eight Lineages Silver River was in shock. Nobody expected things to go this way, the head of the four great guardians of Eight Lineages Silver River, was this weak?!
“You’ve disappointed me, Yuan Fengchen.” Xue Ying sighed.
But he too was shocked by Jiang Chen’s abilities. This fella is not normal. Looks like I’ve underestimated this fella.
“Xue Ying, are you going to lose to him too?” Yan Qingcheng looked at Xue Ying and asked.
“Are you joking? That puny fella will not be able to compete against me. This is an utter joke.” Xue Ying sneered.
He was around Yuan Fengchen’s level but he possessed a powerful Heavenly Divine Tool. Hence, he should be invincible below the Divine King Realm, not Yuan Fengchen.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2560 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2561


This battle is only for You
“I only marry a reliable man.”
Yan Qingcheng smiled, making Xue Ying indulge in her words.
“In Eight Lineages Silver River, there’s no one whom I am afraid of.”
Xue Ying looked at the sky in pride. Of course, his Divine King father was the exception.
“You don’t deserve to stand next to Qingcheng. You’re the next one to die.”
Jiang Chen could see that Yan Qingcheng’s eyes were not only filled with coldness but also disdain. Yes! It’s a sense of disdain to Jiang Chen. Jiang Chen could feel that right now, Qingcheng was not the lady who needed his protection any more. Her cultivation realm must be high as well.
“Don’t be so arrogant. Since my great guardian has been defeated, I am going to deal with you myself.”
Xue Ying hated Jiang Chen to the core as Jiang Chen had embarrassed the Eight Lineages Silver River. Right now, Jiang Chen even dared to challenge him so he would not let this kid leave this place alive.
How could a Middle Heavenly God turn things around? At this particular moment, Xue Ying must showcase his formidableness in front of Yan Qingcheng.
In front of a beauty, a hero is never afraid of anything.
“I will wait for your victory.”
Yan Qingcheng looked at Xue ying while her eyes showed some kind of profound hint. Jiang Chen did not know what Yan Qingcheng was thinking, however,  he knew that she must be planning something in the dark. Although she had lost her past memory, she did not look that naive and simple now.
“Sometimes women are even scarier than men, especially beautiful women.”
Jiang Chen thought as he felt that Yan Qingcheng was very different from how she was in the past.
“He really doesn’t know what is life and death. He must be bored of living, that was why he dared to challenge the young master of Eight Lineages Silver River. Sigh.”
Liu Xingjun said with his curled up lips. He was the typical type of man who loved to watch drama happen. However, he had completely forgotten that Jiang Chen was the one who had once saved him from death.
“What an ungrateful man. Even if Jiang Chen does not know life and death, at least he was more powerful than you. I will never forget your ulgy face when we were in prison. Our She Lan Escort doesn’t welcome you.”
She Xinying glared at Liu Xingjun as she found his behaviour and attitude unacceptable.
“It’s okay, everyone has their own aspiration.”
She Zhen sighed and waved his hand to signal She Xinying not to embarrass Liu Xingjun anymore. It’s because he was also completely disappointed in Liu Xingjun.
“That’s right, coward. What a coward. Do you ever dare to face the young master of Eight Lineages Silver River?”
At the moment, Li Peng who is next to Liu Xingjun said that.
“Who is this coward you are talking about?”
Liu Xingjun was outraged but he was stopped by She Zhen. Obviously, it was just a piece of cake for Li Peng to kill Liu Xingjun with his high cultivation realm. Even She Zhen was not a match to Liu Xingjun.
“Shen Zhen of the She Lan Escort, we have met each other once before. Jiang Chen has saved us before. However, someone here doesn’t only know nothing about repaying kindness, he even kept talking nonsense. I think Brother She should not share the same value with him right?”
Li Lei took a step forward with his mighty aura. Both of them were very strong and even She Zhen was not a match for them. Liu Xingjun was terrified; he looked pale and he did not dare to say anything again.
“I wish that Jiang Chen has his way out because he doesn’t look like a reckless man.”
She Zhen said with a low voice.
“We believe so. He definitely is not a reckless man. In order to save you all, he dared to take the risk to face such a crisis. It’s really admirable.”
Li Lei said earnestly as he really respected Jiang Chen.
The battle between Jiang Chen and Xue Ying was going to erupt soon. In an instant, a great battle would outbreak.
“Death is near you. You should know your current situation. How dare you, a nobody, make a mess at my Eight Lineages Silver River. Go die!”
Xue Ying stepped on the void and came face to face with Jiang Chen. His eyes looked ruthless and his terrifying aura spread across the entire Eight Lineages Silver River. Since this was his own domain, he found Jiang Chen’s action no different from courting death.
Xue Ying was talented since he was young and he was skillful. His body was close to the Divine Beast that he inherited from his father. That was why his father was the most formidable beast in the entire Tian Qi Mountain Range and the lord of the Eight Lineages Silver River.
“This guy will have no way to run away anymore as the young master himself took action. It’s going to be a drama. How dare he go against the Eight Lineages Silver River?”
“Yea! Even a Divine King expert might not have much chance of winning against the Eight Lineages Silver River. The lord of the Eight Lineages Silver River is so overbearing.”
“This is going to be a ridiculous show. Hahaha.”
There were some people thrilled while some were depressed. Some of them did not know Jiang Chen’s capability, so they were only interested in the ending of this show. Those who were saved by Jiang Chen before were outraged. More than a hundred experts wished to give Jiang Chen a hand in the coming battle. If they changed their mind right now, they might become Eight Lineages Silver River’s prisoners again. They were now facing the decision that would determine their life and death.
“If we take the chance to run away, how are we going to face our conscience?”
“You’re right. Although we have just met for a short while, he has saved us before. Even if he is conceited, he did this out of getting back his wife. There’s no reason for us to stand aside and do nothing.”
“It’s not a good thing to Jiang Chen if we take action now. I have a suggestion, if Jiang Chen is unable to overcome the enemy, let’s not hesitate and crash into the battlefield. I don’t believe that they would be able to overcome so many of us. We were supposed to die early if Jiang Chen did not save us. How are we going to face our conscience if we just run away at this moment”
“Hahaha. Well said. Being a human, we have the conscience the beasts don’t have. If we don’t live for our conscience, we are no different from beasts and monsters.”
Li Peng laughed out loud and said. What he said managed to arouse many’s hearts and hundreds of eyes were now gazing on Jiang Chen and Xue Ying. Who’s going to be the winner?
Jiang Chen stared at Yan Qingcheng; he did not care about Xue Ying at all because his strength was almost similar to Yuan Fengchen. Why would he care about him? What he cared the most was Yan Qingcheng. Jiang Chen did not know what she had been suffering.
Jiang Chen had never heard of her after bidding goodbye in the Immortal World. Right now they managed to meet each other again in the Divine World. Of course, he was unwilling to see Yan Qingcheng to be left alone again. Being her man, he would not want to let her suffer anymore.
“This battle is only for you!”
Jiang Chen said while looking at Yan Qingcheng. If you really have lost your memory, then I am going to be your memory from this moment onwards. If you couldn’t recall back those moments in the past, I am going to pursue you and let you fall in love with me. 
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2561 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2562


I Will Take Your Life Away
“You’re such a despicable guy. The Eight Lineages Silver River is not a place that will allow you to run wild!”
Xue Ying took the lead, stepping on the snowy mountains and frozen rivers. He was determined to have a toe-to-toe battle with Jiang Chen.
Xue Ying held his weapon—theSurging Heaven Hammer—and roared so loud that it could pierce one’s ear. The wind was howling angrily when the overbearingly huge hammer fell from the sky. It was falling out of the sky and surging forward like mountains and seas.
Jiang Chen looked dignified and serious. He was holding the Heavenly Dragon Sword in his hand, wielding it as he soared into the sky. The sky was lit up, sword’s rays shone in all directions. The intense battle between Xue Ying and Jiang Chen shocked the nine heavens. The ferocity of the hammer intermingled continuously with the aggressiveness of the sword. It made Jiang Chen grow stronger in strength. The roaring Heavenly Dragon Sword was devouring the universe while the howling of the dragon and tiger frightened the whole universe.
“This guy is really strong. Is he really just a Mid Heavenly God?”
“I guess Xue Ying got into trouble now. But the old lord still hasn’t taken any action yet and there are more strong experts like Xue Ying in the Eight Lineages Silver River.”
“It is going to take all the fun out of it. Isn’t it ridiculous that a young master who has a good reputation is beaten hollow during his wedding day? “
There was a large crowd of spectators complaining about the battle. The shadow of Jiang Chen and Xue Ying was crossing constantly while the hammer and sword kept colliding. The battle continued for a long time and neither of them could gain the upper hand as both of them were almost equal in strength.
The glacier and the rift valley was covered with frosty dust from the falling snow. The eight mountain range was trembling with shock.
“He is the true young master of the Eight Lineages Silver River. It seems like he is still capable of doing this.”
Jiang Chen gave a slight smile and glanced at Yan Qingcheng. And it was obvious that Yan Qingcheng was attracted by Jiang Chen. But it was just a little interest, it was nothing like love.
Jiang Chen did not care about it at all. Since he made up his mind to start all over again, he would make a spectacle of himself in front of the person that he love. Moreover, it would not be easy for Xue Ying to defeat him after all.
“It is lucky that you knew about it. Perhaps I will consider making you die in peace if you drop your knee and beg me now. Or else, I will definitely make you torn apart and die miserably.”
Xue Ying said softly.
“Your strength is just ordinary but you’re bluffing and boasting as if you are an expert.”
Jiang Chen said it without any facial expression.
“Kid, I will make you die miserably. I promise.”
Xue Ying was enraged by Jiang Chen. Both of them crossed their weapon once again. There were hundreds of feet high of sword’s light sweeping through the mountain, the shattering of the glacier was deafening while the avalanche was pouring down for a hundred miles and the place was nearly devastated.
The wind and snowflakes were filling the sky, which was overwhelming and breathtaking. However, every blow was challenging Xue Ying’s limits which made him feel frightened because he’s repulsed again and again.
But Xue Ying refused to give up. He swung his mighty harm down and the entire world was trembling violently. Jiang Chen had successfully escaped from his onslaught and immersed himself in the intense battle.
“It’s enough. It’s time to go back home, my girl.”
Jiang Chen smiled coldly, looking sharply. Under the Dragon’s Transformation, his power was boosted once again and his body had reached the Half-Step Divine King Realm. He swept through the place, breaking through the void with his sword and towering over Xue Ying. At the moment, the spectators had finally understood that Jiang Chen was irresistible and unbeatable. He wielded his sword toward Xue Ying’s crown and the latter looked utterly confused with dishevelled hair. Jiang Chen’s strong blows made Xue Ying drawback constantly, he still had the glitters that Jiang Chen’s sword was wielding over his head.
“This guy is truly a monster.”
“You’re right. Now only I realized the reason that he was so arrogant. This lady is not an ordinary person either. If she is really his bride, it will be a life or death battle with Xue Ying.”
“Eight Lineages Silver River will not be defeated easily.”
Xue Ying was being beaten up helplessly under the mighty Heavenly God Sword’s Solitude, staggered and retreated.
“Did he just eat something? Why did he suddenly become so strong?”
Xue Ying looked ghastly white. Under Jiang Chen’s ferocious attacks, he had lost his initiative to attack. Even though he was the young master of the Eight Lineages Silver River, no one was shielding him or having his back. So he was destined to lose in this life or death battle.
Jiang Chen was unbeatable and overwhelming like an overbearing battle god. Xue Ying failed to resist his attacks at all. It sounded ridiculous to call Xue Ying Invincible under the Divine King realm at the moment.
Jiang Chen was stepping on the snow in the teeth of wind. JHe was hitting Xue Ying constantly and the latter was unable to escape. The continuous attack eventually broke Xue Ying’s last defence. He used to be the pride of the Eight Lineages Silver River but he had become a standing joke after he was defeated.
Xue Ying’s face was growing gloomy and his blood reddened the ice field. He was holding a silver spear with his shaking hand. The silver spear which looked extremely terrifying had made everyone draw a deep breath.
“This spear is dreadful.”
Jiang Chen narrowed his eyes. This silver spear was a treasure, a supreme-grade Divine Tool which was different from normal Divine Tools. The silver spear that Xue Ying was holding tightly was emitting a kind of strong and forceful aura. There was a gleam of creepy cold light.
“I told you, right? Xue Ying will not be defeated easily like that, he just hasn’t shown his ultimate killing weapon.”
“That’s the Silver Snowflake Spear. That spear is the ultimate Heavenly Divine Tool of the old master. No wonder Xue Ying called himself invincible under the Divine King realm, he just told us the reason. Haha.”
“Thousand years ago, this Silver Snowflake Spear was used to fight against countless strong experts in Tian Qi Mountain Range. Everyone is trembling in fear upon hearing about the silver spear. And that’s how the old master gained his great reputation in the Tian Qi Mountain Range.”
“I am just wondering if the young master could exert the Silver Snowflake Spear’s power to the fullest.”
The Silver Snowflake Spear gained everyone’s attention; its power was highly anticipated. This Silver Snowflake Spear was the pride of the Eight Lineages Silver River.
The old master was formidable with this Silver Snowflake Spear and Xue Ying got it in his hands now. However, it was still unknown whether it could regain its good name once again.
“It’s truly a treasured Divine Spear.”
Jiang Chen was impressed. If the Silver Snowflake Spear fell into his hands, he could include it into his Little Ashura Sword Formation. If he was able to do so, the killing ability of the Little Ashura Sword Formation could be boosted. This supreme-graded Divine Tool would be way stronger than two Surging Heaven Hammer.
At the moment, Jiang Chen was only able to produce a Supreme Divine Tool on his own. It would not be easy to make a Heavenly Divine Tool. So, this kind of Heavenly Divine Tool was really precious to him.
“It’s good that you know that well. This is known as Silver Snowflake Spear, which is strong enough to kill you.”
Xue Ying glanced at Jiang Chen again, full of killing intent. Jiang Chen had made him suffer terribly just now, so it was the time to take his life in one blow.
“Your  spear looks good. I will take it.”
Jiang Chen said it with confidence and certainty. He was determined to kill Xue Ying at the moment.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2562 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2563


The Master of Eight Lineages Silver River
“The stupid is always fearless. Hahaha. Let me show you the power of this Silver Snowflakes Spear. I think you can’t ever resist the light of the spear.”
After taking a step forward, Xue Ying soared up into the sky. The brilliance of the light was spreading all over the sky like a silver dragon diving into the sea and flying in the sky. The Silver Snowflakes Spear was certainly worthy of its reputation.
“A spear strike to restore peace!!”
Xue Ying was invincible and overbearing. The spear had turned into thousands of lights and everyone thought that it would be strong enough to defeat Jiang Chen.
Unfortunately, all of them were proven wrong as Jiang Chen was extraordinarily strong. With the Dragon Transformation, he was like an invincible War God who could remain unmoved even if he was attacked from all directions.
Although the Silver Snowflakes Spear was mightily strong, the Heavenly Dragon Sword in Jiang Chen’s hand was not an ordinary weapon as well. The Silver Snowflake Spear would’ve had an advantage if faced with another weapon. However, the Silver Spear lost the initiative in front of Jiang Chen’s Heavenly Dragon Sword. The Heavenly Dragon Sword was able to resist the Silver Snowflake Spear’s attacks with ease, making it lose its dignity as a Heavenly Divine Tool. Even Xue Ying could hardly believe what happened. The Heavenly Dragon Sword was an unbeatable rival for the Silver Snowflake Spear, it was inevitable.
With hundreds feet high of light breaking through the sky, it was supposed to conquer the world easily. However, Jiang Chen’s Heavenly Dragon Sword had made every divine tool become some normal weapon.
In fact, the Silver Snowflakes Spear was not weak, it was just that the Heavenly Dragon Sword was exceedingly strong. Even though the Silver Snowflakes Spear was attacking Jiang Chen in all directions, it was still incomparable with the mightiness of the Heavenly Dragon Sword.
Jiang Chen approached Xue Ying once again. Xue Ying was pierced with the Silver Snowflakes Spear in all directions and, as an answer, Jiang Chen exerted the Great Void Technique and transformed into nine shadows. It was impossible for Xue Ying to chase after him. Both of them clashed constantly. Xue Ying’s Silver Snowflakes Spear which was known as one of the most invincible Divine Tools was defeated in the battle. It made Xue Ying sink in despair and depressed as he realized that he failed to inherit his father’s overbearingness. Not only that, he was defeated by Jiang Chen again and again. The Silver Snowflake Spear did not manage to make a turnaround at all, Jiang Chen held his sword as he soared up in the sky.
Xue Ying fixed his eyes at Jiang Chen and smiled coldly. Jiang Chen was approaching slowly and forcing him back. After three strong dreadful blows, the Silver Snowflakes Spear could not resist the Sword of Solitude eventually. Xue Ying was completely immersed into despair and fear when Jiang Chen breathed down his neck. After clashing several times, Xue Yingwas was near the point of breakdown. His purlicue was wounded and covered in blood.
“That sword is truly strong.”
Yan Qingcheng stared at Jiang Chen and murmured. It seemed like this guy could not be treated lightly as he was way stronger than Xue Ying.
Xue Ying had his back to the wall and stood at death’s door at the moment. The young master of Eight Lineages Silver River was knocked down in his own place. It made everyone feel extremely ashamed and disappointed.
“Please save me, dad……”
Xue Ying looked pale and the color left his face. He cried out hysterically and sought help which startled Jiang Chen. It seemed like Xue Ying was experiencing a mental breakdown.
“How dare you!”
An ear-splitting roar reverberated in the air, everyone on the Eight Lineages Silver River was astonished after hearing the roar. Their hearts were trembling violently as they had already known that this person who showed up would be Xue Ying’s father without a doubt.
Jiang Chen stepped backward. He was forced to step back several miles by the horrifying aura and his blood was racing. It was unbelievable that that person had such a terrible power, everyone was shocked with his powerful strike.
A Divine King Realm expert, he certainly deserved the fame.
“Is he the lord of the Eight Lineages Silver River?”
Jiang Chen narrowed his eyes. An overbearing middle-aged man, who was dressed in white with white hair and brows, appeared in front of Xue Ying. At that moment, everyone bowed down before him.
“Greetings to our lord of the river! We wish you with the best blessing, may your fortune be as boundless as heaven.”
The voice was echoing through the void continuously, it was magnificent and overwhelming.
A thin white-clothed middle-aged man stood on the silver mountain range like a gust of wind. His eyes looked extremely cold which seemed like it could pierced through people’s hearts. He turned his back slowly and glanced at Jiang Chen. At that moment, Jiang Chen could feel that his entire body was totally frozen. This man was formidable, he could even be compared with Di Longqing of the Linhe Boundary and Master Luo of Battle Sect. His terrifying aura had swept over the entire Eight Lineages Silver River and Jiang Chen could feel that he was totally constrained by a dreadful power of sealing.
There was a huge difference between the Divine Kings and Heavenly Gods. However, you would only find out how terrible the Divine King experts were once you got the opportunity to fight against them.
Everyone on the Eight Lineages Silver River knelt down and worshiped him, showing extreme respect to the master of Eight Lineages Silver River. It showed the mightiness of their master in their heart. But it was hard to differentiate whether he was awe-inspiring or frightening for them.
Jiang Chen was standing calmly, they looked at each other’s eyes. He still looked fearless and both of them refused to bow their head. Even though Jiang Chen’s strength was incomparable with the Divine King Realm, he could stir a storm and shock the universe by his own strength which could astonish everyone.
“How dare you gaze at me directly? An ordinary person, even a Half-step Divine King, does not have the guts to do so.”
Xue Jia said coldly, he looked overbearing like a mighty strong god. His eyes were filled with terrible killing intent which made everyone shudder.
“Why not? I believe that it will not be easy for you to kill me.”
Jiang Chen laughed confidently while Xue Jia narrowed his eyes.  It seemed like this guy was truly strong and arrogant. Unfortunately, those who were overconfident and arrogant tend to die early. Moreover, the one who he offended was the master of Eight Lineages Silver River. Xue Jia would have given this lad  lessons earlier if he was not at a critical part of his seclusion. If Xue Ying did not seek his help, he would just continue his seclusion.
“Do you think that you could leave here alive?”
Xue Jia was annoyed with Jiang Chen’s overconfidence, he retorted and shook his head with a slight smile.
“Since you’re here, I am not going to spare your life.”
A smile overspread Jiang Chen’s face.
“Hahahaha. You’re really ridiculous, you’re not going to spare my life. You’re just being too confident. In the past thousands of years since Eight Lineages Silver River was built, it is the first time I heard someone say he is not going to spare my life.”
Xue Jia looked calm and arrogant. As a Divine King expert, he would not be easily enraged by Jiang Chen.
“What’s making him so confident? Why don’t he run when the master of Eight Lineages Silver River is here now? It’s really impressive to see him talking nonsense here.”
“Is he really going to fight toe to toe with a Divine King? Even though he successfully made a Half-step Divine King retreat, it would be crying for the moon if he hoped to fight against the Divine King, right?”
“It seems like he is at the death’s door now.”
Everyone was praying silently for Jiang Chen. They believed that his death was merely a matter of time since he had already offended a Divine King, the master of the Eight Lineages Silver River.
“He’s such a foolish guy.”
Yan Qingcheng smiled slightly. Jiang Chen was staring at her thoughtfully. He had infected her with his sweet charming smile.
“I am being foolish, just for you.”
Jiang Chen said with a smile. Everyone’s jaw dropped, they were stunned! It was hard to believe that he could still make those lover’s prattle when he was on the eve of death.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2563 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2564


Killing One’s Son and Seizing One’s Wife are Unforgivable
“You are the first one who dared to behave so wildly at my Eight Lineages Silver River.” Xue Jia said coldly.
“Father, you must kill this idiot. I want him to die in a terrible way.”
Xue Ying gritted his teeth, hating Jiang Chen to the core. Unfortunately,  he lacked the capability to defeat Jiang Chen.
“Shut up! You’re useless and you should get back home to reflect on yourself,” Xue Jia said in a low voice.
Xue Ying looked extremely embarrassed and he could only keep his head low helplessly. His father’s strict reprimand had become the most ironic words the young master had ever heard.
The people of Eight Lineages Silver River were no idiots. Since Xue Ying was defeated badly by Jiang Chen, it’s impossible for him to just leave the battlefield as if nothing had happened.
Xue Jia touched the Silver Snowflake Spear in his hand. It was his favourite weapon in the past, and it was like a brother to him. If he did not worry about his son, he would never bring out the weapon here. However, his son did not gain him honour and had instead put him to shame. The Silver Snowflake Spear which used to startle the entire Tian Qi Mountain Range was defeated now. It was even defeated by a Mid Heavenly God brat. It’s really irritating to him.
“Your previous glory was ruined in my son’s hand. Today, we are going to join hands again to bring you the glory you used to have.”
Xue Jia held the Silver Snowflake Spear tightly and said gloomily. An oppressive aura was released, and everyone who was on the scene were stunned.
“No matter how strong Jiang Chen is, it is impossible for him to be a match to a Divine King expert. What could he do now?”
She Xinying said as she was worried. Unfortunately, she could not do anything as well. Jiang Chen seemed quite reckless since Eight Lineages Silver River was not any ordinary place. Right now, even the lord has arrived which made Jiang Chen’s arrogance look like a joke.
“Yea, why isn’t Jiang Chen running away? Or is the bride really his wife? Didn’t we say that we would leave this place after saving the others? I am afraid it’s too late for us to leave now as the lord of the Eight Lineages Silver River is already here.”
Li Lei said in a soft voice filled with worry. The current situation was completely different from what he had expected. Not only did Jiang Chen not leave immediately, he even seized someone’s bride. The situation really made the Li brothers perplexed.
“Jiang Chen is really a straightforward man. I like it. What’s wrong in meeting someone you really like? Even though he might lose his life, he would still leave his heroic name in the world. Hahaha.”
Li Peng squinted his eyes and scrunitized Jiang Chen. His eyes showed great admiration.
“I believe that he would not do something he is not confident with.” She Zhen softly said.
From his understanding, Jiang Chen would not do something reckless and leave no way out for himself. It did not match his personality. Although Jiang Chen was conceited, he actually had a hidden side that showed his maturity. A true expert would make decisions according to the situation and that’s the only way to be a true king at the end.
Jiang Chen stared at Xue Jia. At this moment, the old toad was hiding somewhere. As soon as Jiang Chen made a command, he would not let Xue Jia go easily.
“Young lad, it’s time for you to die!”
Xue Jia said in a deep voice, and his voice echoed in the mountain range.
“Master, if you don’t take action now, then when? We must take revenge today!”
Jiang Chen raised up his head and looked at the void. A black ray of light broke through the void when Xue Jia was about to move.
The Old Toad was in a set of black clothes, and his eyes were filled with anger. Whoever killed his son could not be forgiven. How terrible it was for him to endure the pain of losing his son? It was all done by the Eight Lineages Silver River, how would the Blue-eyed Azure Flower Toad not be outraged?
“What an overbearing aura. It seems like a Mid Divine King expert.”
Xue Jia squinted his eyes. This guy’s cultivation realm overtook his realm.
“Old Toad, is it you?”
Xue Jia recognised the Blue-eyed Azure Flower Toad immediately. Although the Blue-eyed Azure Flower Toad just made a breakthrough, the birth of a new Divine King Realm could turn the influence of power around Tian Qi Mountain Range easily. Of course, Xue Jia would not neglect a newly ascended Divine King.
“It’s me. It’s rare that the lord of  Eight Lineages Silver River who is so busy was able to recognise me.” The Old Toad said with a smile.
“Brother Toad, why did you say so? You have just made a breakthrough, and I haven’t had the chance to send my congratulations yet. And you have even come here to visit today. Hahaha.”
Xue Jia didn’t want to offend a Divine King expert for sure. However, he was confused about the reason why the Old Toad came all the way here today. Was he here together with Jiang Chen?”
“Send me congratulations? Hahaha. Do you actually wish to kill me so that you can continue to be the only king in the Tian Qi Mountain Range? What have I done for  Brother Xue to remember me so well?”
The Old Toad said in a strange tone, not even bothering to show Xue Jia any respect.
“Brother Toad, if you are here to share the joy of my son’s wedding, I definitely welcome you. However, if you’re here to make a mess, don’t blame me for going against you despite our long friendship.”
Xue Jia said proudly, wondering how the Old Toad was going to fight him as he just ascended the Divine King Realm. Although the Old Toad made a big leap in his cultivation realm, he was still not his match yet.
“You’re right. I am here today to make a mess, to mess up your son’s wedding.”
The Old Toad’s eyes looked ruthless and cold.
“I have no grudges with you, do we?”
Xue Jia frowned his forehead. He would be extremely embarrassed if the Old Toad really wanted to interfere with the mess that was already caused by Jiang Chen.
“Then you should ask your son. Brother Toad and I were close brothers in the past. Your shameful son was defeated in our hands, but he was unresigned and sent out his guardians to put Brother Toad in death in the dark. He even took my wife away. It’s an unacceptable grudge! Today, Master Toad and I are here to seek justice.”
Jiang Chen spoke out these righteous words that made everyone stunned. It’s out of their expectation that the people of Eight Lineages Silver River were this despicable.
However, they would not question if all these evil things were really done by Xue Ying because Xue Ying was indeed an arrogant and reckless man. If he didn’t have a father who had a powerful name in the Tian Qi Mountain Range, he would have been killed by someone long ago.
“I never expected that this young master would be such a evil man.”
“This young man is really a passionate man. Finally, he told her the truth and stood for justice. It’s reasonable for him to take revenge as his wife was taken away.”
People started discussing and all of them sided with Jiang Chen and the Old Toad. Xue Ying had never been a man of righteousness, who was going to stand by him at this moment? Why would a beauty like Yan Qingcheng fall in love with such a despicable man? It seemed impossible.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2564 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2565


Driven by Righteousness
“Don’t just simply make some unfounded slander. When did I ever seize your wife? When did I kill the son of Master Blue-eyed Azure Flower Toad?”
Xue Ying turned pale and said angrily, not to be outdone. However, no one believed him as he had been doing those evil things throughout his life.
“Bastard, are you purposely defaming my Eight Lineages Silver River?”
Xue Jia snorted coldly and said.
“Whether it’s defamation, you guys know the best. Old master and I have the answer in our heart too. Today, you either leave the young master’s life here or have a life-and-death battle. Master and I are determined in this battle, and I won’t consider myself  human if I don’t kill this bastard!”
Jiang Chen was driven by righteousness, seeking justice for Eight Lineages Silver River and himself. Many people resonated with Jiang Chen’s sentiment.
“Father, I didn’t do that. I really didn’t.”
Xue Ying said nervously as he felt terribly wronged. However, whatever he said right now had already been seen as a joke.
Yan Qingcheng looked at Jiang Chen with a smile, completely looking delighted. They looked like a lovely couple in some people’s eyes.
“Young lad, I have underestimated you.”
Unexpectedly, Yan Qingcheng never knew that Jiang Chen would brag in this way. It’s really impressive.
“You have killed my son and did such a shameful thing. I guess everyone would find you unacceptable. Today, I am going to get your son Xue Ying’s head to console my son’s soul in heaven.”
The Old Toad said, his face showed the sorrow of losing his son.
“It seems like the two of you are here to challenge my Eight Lineages Silver River. Even though you have spoken such eloquent speech today, I will not let the both of you leave Eight Lineages Silver River alive.”
Xue Jia was too lazy to argue with Jiang Chen anymore because they had already accused his son of killing the Blue-eyed Azure Flower Toad. It’s futile to explain much further.
She Zhen, She Xinying and the others were stunned. They could undeniably tell that the unknown expert was really the father of the Blue-eyed Azure Flower Toad. It’s really astonishing that Jiang Chen was able to build such an alliance with the Blue-eyed Azure Flower Toad.
Now, they knew why Jiang Chen acted so bold in front of Xue Ying. It’s because he had an expert standing behind him. This Blue-eyed Azure Flower Toad definitely had the combat strength to fight with the lord of Eight Lineages Silver River.
Only Jiang Chen knew that he had put so much effort in acting this scene as he even gave the Blue-eyed Azure Flower Toad the Azure Spirit Pill. Otherwise, how could he gain the Blue-eyed Azure Flower Toad’s trust?
One should know that beasts and monsters always distrust others. Right now, Jiang Chen had brought the Blue-eyed Azure Flower Toad to go against Xue Jia, and they were going to have a battle soon. He would take this opportunity to bring Yan Qingcheng and leave this place.
“Let’s see if you have such capability.”
Jiang Chen shrugged.
“It’s just a piece of cake to kill you.”
Xue Jia said faintly.
“Then you’re gonna need to go through the old master first. My target is your son.”
Jiang Chen fixed his gaze on Xue Ying. At this moment,  Xue Ying shivered in fear because he knew that he was not Jiang Chen’s match at all. When they fought just now, his Silver Snowflake Spear was smashed by Jiang Chen ruthlessly. Of course, he was not a match for Jiang Chen now.
Xue Jia gave Xue Ying a worrying glance. It would be okay for him to deal with the Old Toad. However, he would not be willing to see Jiang Chen continue going after Xue Ying.
“Everyone in Eight Lineages Silver River, listen! Kill this monster, otherwise, we won’t have peace in  Eight Lineages Silver River.”
Xue Jia’s command echoed throughout Eight Lineages Silver River. Countless experts roared wildly in response to Xue Jia’s command. Xue Jia did this in order to protect his status and position in Eight Lineages Silver River. Although Xue Ying couldn’t match Jiang Chen, there were so many experts in the  Eight Lineages Silver River. Should they be afraid of the lonesome Jiang Chen? If Xue Ying was able to lead the experts of  Eight Lineages Silver River to defeat Jiang Chen, it would be a good start for him to learn how to rule the Eight Lineages Silver River.
“Everyone, listen! Kill this man!”
Xue Ying stood up immediately and shouted. Although he was severely injured, he finally realised how significant he was to the experts in Eight Lineages Silver River. It’s a golden opportunity for him right now. If he wants to be the lord of the Eight Lineages Silver River in the future, he must go through these trials right now.
“No matter how many of you are here, I will kill you all as long as there’s no Divine King expert.”
Jiang Chen was filled with arrogance, and he was ready to kill everyone on this glacier.
“Master, don’t worry. I will handle Xue Ying, you only need to deal with Xue Jia. I will kill the bastard myself to console Brother Toad’s soul in heaven.” Jiang Chen said.
“It’s my son’s blessing to have such a good brother like you. Don’t worry, Xue Jia would not be able to touch even a single hair of yours. I am going to see if this lord can do anything to me. Hahaha.”
The Old Toad soared to the sky with an overbearing aura to fight. Xue Jia had never expected this old toad to have such a formidable combat strength even though he just advanced to the Divine King Realm recently.
Xue Jia, on the other hand, had already reached the Mid Divine King Realm, however, his foundation was not that stable yet. He actually still needed further seclusion, but was called out by Xue Ying. At the same time, this Old Toad had already reached the peak of his Early Divine King Realm. Their strength was almost neck and neck.
“The two of you are gonna die today!”
Jiang Chen did not pose any worry to Xue Jia anymore because there were so many experts in Eight Lineages Silver River. What could a Mid Heavenly God do in the face of so many experts?
“I am afraid that you don’t have such capability. Even if I am going to die today, I will not give up to avenge my son. I am going to use your son’s blood to compensate for my loss.”
Xue Jia was incomparably doubtful. He did not know if his son killed the Blue-eyed Azure Flower Toad or not. However, he was sure that Jiang Chen was not Yan Qingcheng’s husband. He was very sure about it because Yan Qingcheng would not be trapped in Eight Lineages Silver River without Xue Jia. However, the fact that Yan Qingcheng suddenly changed her mind and be together with his son was still something he was glad of.
“Jiang Chen, if you ruin my Eight Lineages Silver River today, this day marks the beginning of your death anniversary.”
Xue Ying waved his hand and hundreds and thousands of Late Heavenly Gods soared up to the sky. Around ten of them were at Late Heavenly God Realm and ten of them were Half-Step Divine King Realm experts. They had blocked all of Jiang Chen’s path. This was the power of Eight Lineages Silver River. There were around two thousand Late Heavenly Gods. Their power was undeniably one of the greatest among all the sects.
Even a Divine King expert would be buried by two thousand Late Heavenly God experts.
“Even if the Lord of the Heavens descend here, he would not be able to save you.”
Xue Ying said cruelly as he thought only a fool would fight against him alone. He had demonstrated his outstanding leadership skill at this moment. Under his leadership, two thousand Late Heavenly God experts pressed against Jiang Chen.
No one dared to be reckless at this moment because Jiang Chen had defeated Yuan Fengchen and Xue Ying before. They had all witnessed that scene. Even though they knew that Jiang Chen was only a Mid Heavenly God, they would fight with their utmost effort in this battle.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2565 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2566


The Clothes Unstained by Blood, the Sword Was Ruthless
“Jiang Chen is going to be in trouble this time. It’s dangerous.”
Li Lei said.
“Yea, even without the Half-step Divine Kings monsters, the hundreds and thousands of Late Heavenly Gods experts could devour him immediately.”
She Zhen was worried.
“I don’t know what the others think, but Jiang Chen saved us from predicament before. How are we going to just watch this happen and do nothing about it? I, Li Peng, do not do the things that cowards do. If one has to be so timid for his whole life and dies he wasted his life. Even if I’ll die, I will let the world know that I am not a coward who is afraid of death.  I am indebted to Jiang Chen. I will not leave any regrets in the battle.”
Li Peng was the first one who crashed into the battlefield while the remaining human cultivators who were saved by Jiang Chen remained silent. After a while, however, eighty percent of them chose to follow after Li Peng.
Not everyone had the same conscience as they did. Even though they knew they were going to be defeated, they still went to the battlefield with courage. However, everyone had different aspirations and no one should be forced.
“Alright. I won’t leave any regret as well if I have so many brothers with me to save Jiang Chen. Hahaha.”
Li Peng and Li Lei took the lead while She Zhen and the others followed behind them. She Xinying wanted to be part of them but she was stopped by She Zhen.
“Liu Xingjun, She Lan Escort has been treating you well. If you still think that I am your senior, help me look after Xin Ying. If you have the chance, help me bring her out of the Tian Qi Mountain Range. Both of you should not be here.”
She Zhen stopped She Xinying who really wanted to join. If she really joined the battle, she would definitely die in the chaos!”
“Alright.”
Liu Xingjun did not say much. At the moment, he obviously joined the others who chose to leave the place. Xinying’s eyes were filled with tears and even she could not help biting her lips, making it bleed. She knew that not many of them would be able to survive. Perhaps they were just like flying moths that darted into the fire right now.
However, She Zhen and others were still determined to follow after Jiang Chen. It was a kind of faith and they were not afraid of death at all.
Jiang Chen looked at the hundred people who followed after him. He could not help but have an overflowing smile. But it’s enough to have you guys.
“Li Lei, Li Peng, bring everyone here back. Today, I am going to fight the Eight Lineages Silver River alone!”
Jiang Chen’s words stunned everyone for a while and they took a cold breath in. They thought that Jiang Chen had gone completely insane and he was going to send himself to death. However, his arrogant side also showed his determination.
“Jiang Chen, but……”
Li Lei fell into hesitation.
“Don’t talk so much. Get out of  Eight Lineages Silver River. I am here to save you so that you can live well, instead of going into another crisis. No one will be able to stop me if I want to get out of here.”
Jiang Chen said with a cold smile. At that moment, Li Lei was stunned for a moment. Jiang Chen’s arrogance was really impressive. “No one will be able to stop me if I want to get out of here”, these were the words that made Li Lei completely trust Jiang Chen.
“Since you insist so, then we are going to observe the situation before taking any action.”
Li Lei stopped everyone. Jiang Chen stood on the glacier alone as the freezing winds were blowing strongly.
The two thousand Late Heavenly God experts were like sharp blades that crashed toward their enemy.
Jiang Chen was fearless. What could the two thousand Heavenly God experts do to him? His aura was terrifying and it was something Li Lei and the others would never have in their life.
Despite facing death, Jiang Chen still remained composed and relaxed. Who could be like him?
“Let the storm come even more fiercely now.”
Jiang Chen stood with his sword. He faced two thousand people in his lonesome and the scene looked like a huge contrast. Everyone was so nervous while watching the situation on the glacier. Even Yan Qingcheng could not help but break out in a cold sweat for Jiang Chen.
“Are you really that confident or are you just not afraid of death?”
Yan Qingcheng murmured. Not knowing why, she started worrying about Jiang Chen at the moment. She wished that he would survive the battle against the two thousand people and he could stand out like a comet to be the real king!
“Idiot. Even if you were a Divine King, you would die in the face of two thousand Late Heavenly Gods.”
Xue Ying’s eyes looked extremely gloomy.
Jiang Chen had actually announced his own death when he chose to fight two thousand experts face-to-face.
However, was the truth really like that?
Everyone zeroed-on at the battle scene. Jiang Chen’s eyesight was sharp and his Heavenly Dragon Sword was like a shooting star shuttering through the glacier. His figure stood in pride and he fought the two thousand experts fiercely.
Sword shadows passed through speedily, making Jiang Chen look like an immortal War God fighting fiercely on the battlefield. More and more figures fell down on the glacier and they never stood up again. The wide glacier was all stained by fresh blood. Jiang Chen was like a reaper sweeping across his opponents invincibly!
Jiang Chen looked ruthless, the hundred and thousands of Heavenly God beasts were actually nothing to him. They posed no challenge at all to him. On the other hand, two thousand Heavenly God beast spirits might be enough for him to make a breakthrough in his cultivation realm.
Jiang Chen was killing them in all directions with his Heavenly Dragon Sword. In a flash, three hundred experts were killed and the glacier was stained with their blood. Xue Ying was slightly shocked because Jiang Chen was indeed too insane. Each of his sword strikes was able to kill one person and he showed no mercy at all!
Everyone was dumbstruck at Jiang Chen’s killing intent, it was irresistible. Two thousand Late Heavenly Gods so what?
“This guy is indeed an unparalleled god of death.”
“It’s terrifying, is he a human?”
“No, he’s not. He is a demon. A demon that harvests life.”
Jiang Chen had no hesitation at all. She Zhen, Li Lei and the others were completely stunned. Jiang Chen indeed had such competence; he was not being blindly confident or conceited at all.
“I don’t believe that your energy is unlimited. The two thousand people would definitely exhaust you.”
Xue Jing said with a deep voice, but he did not feel good actually.
Time has passed but Jiang Chen’s Heavenly Dragon Sword was still formidable. On the other hand, half of the beasts had already passed away. Those who are still alive were terrified as death just happened in a sword strike for their comrades. Jiang Chen had become more and more courageous in the battle and he did not show any sign of being exhausted. In contrast, those Late Heavenly God beasts had fallen into chaos as they were not a battle machine but lives. They were also a group of living beings that played a crucial part in Eight Lineages Silver River.
Jiang Chen’s battling intent had indeed made many people horrified. How could he explain this kind of intent to others?
“You’re really a lunatic.”
Yan Qingcheng was very curious about Jiang Chen now while she was also filled with admiration for him. He was indeed a reaper that took lives away.
Jiang Chen’s sword was invincible and became every beast’s nightmare. However, they did not have any choice because if they chose to retreat themselve, Eight Lineages Silver River would be their graveyard.
After an hour, Jiang Chen had killed more than one thousand and eight hundred Heavenly God Realm beasts. He was no longer a human but a God of Killing in everyone’s eyes.
His clothes were not stained by blood at all and his sword did not show any mercy. At the moment, Jiang Chen’s battling intent had become more and more intense.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2566 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2567


Chapter 2567
Battle of Formation
5th of the week!
Do support us in Patreon if you are able to, so that we can continue translating the novel for you! 🙂
“Who can stop me from doing whatever I want? Hahaha.”
Jiang Chen raised up his sword and asked. Even the four Half-step Divine Kings were terrified and they were killed under his sword.
Right now, the two thousand Late Heavenly God beasts were all eliminated by Jiang Chen. Half of the glacier in Eight Lineages Silver River was stained by blood. Cold wind blew through the wilderness but it could not stop the blood from freezing. On the glacier, Jiang Chen looked very overbearing and he pointed his sword to the sky. However, his gaze had actually fallen on Xue Ying.
At the moment, Xue Ying trembled in fear and kept taking steps backwards. Jiang Chen had made him learn what fear truly was.
Although Xue Jia had the upper hand in the battle with the Old Toad, he actually could not control the entire situation. The Old Toad was extraordinarily ferocious and his strength was out of Xue Jia’s expectation.
In a blink of an eye, Jiang Chen managed to kill two thousand Late Heavenly Gods and this had really shocked Xue Jia. And now, Jiang Chen targeted Xue Ying again.
“Where is Dou Hongming?” Xue Jia shouted.
Suddenly, a white figure appeared above the void. His cultivation realm was very powerful and it’s even more powerful that Xue Ying who was a Half-step Divine King. He was like the old gibbon whose cultivation realm was between Divine King Realm and Half-step Divine King Realm.
“Teacher Dou, I am helpless today. Eight Lineages Silver River is facing a crisis now. I wish that teacher could help protect my son.”
Xue Jia looked at the white-clothed elder and said solemnly.
The white-clothed elder looked dignified and his face was filled with a cold aura. He did not show any respect despite he’s in front of Xue Jia. His arrival had made many people doubt. It’s hard to believe that there’s such a formidable expert in the Eight Lineages Silver River.
“I have my own way. Young master would definitely be safe.”
The white-clothed elder’s words had managed to calm Xue Jia down. Since he had said so, it would definitely be fine. This man was the true expert of Eight Lineages Silver River as he was the one who set up the Heavenly Palace Exterminating Formation.
“Alright, I’ll leave my son to Teacher Dou then.”
Xue Jia was at ease now and he could finally fight the Old Toad with all of his mind.
The Old Toad had never anticipated this as well. Jiang Chen had gone through all the obstacles and swept across the enemy invincibly. Two thousand beasts were all killed in his hand. How insane and arrogant was this?
“Young lad, I have really underestimated you. I will not spare this Xue Jia as well now. Hahaha.”
“You should worry about yourself first. Since Teacher Dou is here, I will not worry anymore. You’re going to die in this battle.”
Xue Jia roared in rage. Two formidable Divine Kings crashed into each other again.
Jiang Chen looked at the white-clothed elder and saw that his eyes were filled with towering fighting spirit. It seemed like even if there was a Heavenly God descending from heaven, he would not retreat himself.
“You are strong, but only until this level.”
Dou Hongming said faintly.
“Really? How would you know if you don’t try to take action?”
Jiang Chen smiled faintly and he looked calm. Right now he had become the most dreadful existence in the entire Eight Lineages Silver River.
“Such a talented young man. However, your life will end here. Although you have defeated so many beasts, you are still rubbish.”
Dou Hongming despised Jiang Chen.
“I am going to make you rest today, old man.”
Jiang Chen and Dou Hongming went against each other as if the needle was against the awn of grain, none of them were willing to be the inferior one.
“Don’t talk so much. You know nothing about respecting elders. I’m gonna show you my attacks.”
Dou Hongming suppressed his breath for a second. He knew that Jiang Chen was not weak, that’s why he did not underestimate him. He casted a spiritual stone that was then thrown towards Jiang Chen. In a flash, Jiang Chen immediately took up his guard, forming up the Five Elemental Trigram Fire Formation around him.
Dou Hongming was surprised and looked at Jiang Chen.
“Unexpectedly, you also know formation, don’t you? Interesting. Interesting.”
In a moment, Dou Hongming casted another formation while stepping out dragon-tiger steps. Each of his steps spinned the universe around. A battle formation was formed up by him immediately. Jiang Chen squinted his eyes as he knew that this formation was indeed quite powerful. However, this formation was not enough to overcome Jiang Chen and it could not even break his Five Elemental Trigram Fire Formation.
As he expected, Dou Hongming’s battle formation was unable to shatter the defense of the Five Elemental Trigram Fire Formation. The rays of light that struck against the Five Elemental Trigram Fire Formation were like stones hitting on water that caused no damage at all.
Dou Hongming smiled coldly and said:
“It’s out of my expectation that you really have some tricks to set up such a formation. It’s quite surprising.”
“I am also quite surprised that you’re actually this weak. How come you’re still able to brag about your skill with such a weak trick? You can’t even break out the most basic formation that I have casted.”
Jiang Chen mocked and laughed.
“Alright, since you are also a master of formation. How about each of us set up three different formations? If you manage to break out my formation, I will surrender myself. If you can’t, then you have no way to withdraw yourself.”
Obviously, Dou Hongming wanted to compete with Jiang Chen in terms of formation. This was the most common way of competition among formation masters. Setting up a dreadful formation and breaking out the formation were an exciting thing to them. Hence, Dou Hongming, who was a formation geek, wanted to compete against Jiang Chen with formation.
“Are you sure that you want to compete with formation?”
Jiang Chen was thrilled in his heart. I mastered the Non-beginning Formation and more than ten thousand kinds of formations. Any kind of formation was just a piece of cake to him. Even though there might be a formation that he could not set up due to insufficient strength, it was not a hard thing for him to break out of any kind of formation. How formidable would a formation master that was under Divine King Realm be?
Those who were under Divine King Realm would not be able to set up most of the higher level formation. Who would dare to call themselves a formation master if they had not reached the Divine King Realm? Building up a strong foundation of a formation required a high amount of strength. Only those that had reached a certain realm would be able to play around with the formation. The real formation master could simply come up with a strong formation foundation effortlessly. Formation casters would only be qualified as Masters when they reached Hierarch Realm.
“Don’t you dare?”
Dou Hongming said in a strange tone then he gave Jiang Chen a contemptuous glance. Such a young man who had not even reached Half-step Divine King Realm said that he did not have the qualification to brag about himself.
Moreover, in terms of formation, Dou Hongming was not afraid of anyone who was about his realm. He came from a formation family, if he did not have such confidence to compete, how was he going to reign in the Divine World?
“Why not? I believe that a formation master will not care about those little tricks. I wait for your formation. If I manage to break them out, that means you’re close to death.”
Jiang Chen was very confident.
“Same goes to you if you failed to do so.”
Dou Hongming snorted coldly. He knew very well his own skill. If he had enough time to set up a formation, even Divine Kings would be trapped in his formation.
This young guy was too conceited. He sounded so confident but it was actually the beginning of his nightmare.
When competing with formation, of course he would cast his trump card. If he lost in the battle, he would definitely be killed by Jiang Chen after using up all of his strength in setting up the formation. However, if Jiang Chen was unable to break out his formation, he would also be trapped to death!
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2567 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2568


Giving Him A Taste of His Own Medicine
Jiang Chen was clear that Dou Hongming would try every trick in the book in this battle. And if Dou Hongming did so, he would unleash the No Beginning Formation in order to break through Dou Hongming’s formation which would definitely make double results with half the effort. The moment that Dou Hongming was full of confidence, his energy was getting depleted at the same time. At that moment, success and failure would be destined. It was not necessary to go far as he could make Dou Hongming cow into submission for sure.
After setting the formation, Jiang Chen was full of confidence as his master was none other than the creator of the No Beginning Formation. This formation was the master of all the other thousand formations which could break through any formation, it could even remain unmoved even if attacked from all directions, while emitting out a majestic and overbearing aura.
Dou Hongming sneered at Jiang Chen’s overconfidence. First of all, it was not difficult for him to trap Jiang Chen and after trapping him, he would increase the power of the formation. Even if Jiang Chen was extraordinarily strong, he would never be able to escape from the formation. Besides that, this guy entered the formation on his own which was just like digging his own grave.
Even though he was full of confidence with his own formation, it was the taboo for formation casters to walk right into the trap.
At the moment, both Jiang Chen and Dou Hongming were full of confidence. They wished to put each other to rest at the same time. Jiang Chen was wondering how the old man pulled off all of this as it was definitely him who formed the Heavenly Palace Exterminating Formation.
“I’ve been waiting for thousands of years to use my formation. How could a despicable guy like you defeat me? Since you insist on killing yourself, I won’t go easy on you.” Dou Hongming said with a sneer.
Over the last thousand years, he had been deeply engrossed in practising this formation. If he was not deeply immersed in researching the formation, his strength would have already reached the Divine King Realm. Even so, he would definitely be able to reach the Divine King Realm if he got enough time.
“First formation! Heavenly Profound Guard Formation! This is the first formation which has the strongest defense. After making some modifications, it is even comparable with middle-graded formations. But it can only be applied as a form of defense. I will admit that you’re good if you could break this.”
Dou Hongming said coldly and started exerting the formation soon after he finished speaking. His glimmering shadow was moving constantly. In less than five minutes, he had already formed the second formation, the middle-grade formation Thousand Killing Blades Formation!
“Even Divine Kings do not dare to risk themselves to treat with this formation easily, let’s see how you are going to deal with it.”
Dou Hongming looked sharply at Jiang Chen. This Thousand Killing Blades Formation was the second strongest offensive formation after the Heavenly Palace Exterminating Formation and its power was exceedingly strong which could even kill a Divine King expert. And now will be the time his third formation to shine, the Cyan Light Arhat Formation!
This Cyan Light Arhat Formation could greatly boost the power of the Heavenly Profound Guard Formation and Thousand Killing Blades Formation effectively to the peak of their power. It was like enhancing the capability of an Early Heavenly God expert to Late Heavenly God. Only the one who experienced it would know how terrifying the growth of power was.
Dou Hongming casted the formation with profound attention. And since they chose to believe in each other, Dou Hongming doubted that Jiang Chen would sneak up on him. This was the dignity as a formation master.
Jiang Chen possessed great confidence. The three formations seemed simple but all of them were well-arranged and closely linked with one another. Most importantly, each formation was connected perfectly, unimpeachable and flawless. The Cyan Light Arhat Formation boosted the Heavenly Profound Earthly Formation and Thousand Killing Blades Formation to another level, which also enhanced the power of the entire formation effectively.
Jiang Chen was enlightened as he had never thought of using this method. Each formation was linked to one another and closely connected. Through the enhancement of each formation, his Little Ashura Sword Formation would definitely reach the next level.
“I have profited greatly. It seems like I still have a long way to go in discovering the mysteries of the formation.”
Jiang Chen was deeply impressed. However, the most important thing right now was to break through those three formations before defeating Dou Hongming. It would be more miserable for Dou Hongming by destroying his best piece of work rather than taking his life directly.
These three formations had created the strongest connection which Jiang Chen dared not underestimated. Most of all, Dou Hongming’s strength had reached its limits and it’s nearly exhausted after exerting the three formations. He had reached the end of his tether and became extremely weak. However, he was proud of himself and looked confident for casting such a perfect formation.
The formation of Dou Hongming looked extremely creepy. But Jiang Chen realized that this formation was way better than his formation. He was turning the complexity to simplicity while Dou Hongming was making his formation become complicated. One became two, two became three and three became the entire universe. Jiang Chen had to admit that he was inferior to Dou Hongming in terms of formation. Dou Hongming’s techniques in formation were remarkable and impressive, even his Martial Divine Tool was incomparable to the formation.
It was impossible for Jiang Chen to learn these skills in formation even if his learning ability was great. But this formation remained etched deeply in his heart with an indelible impression. Dou Hongming was not an ordinary person.
From the beginning, Jiang Chen was planning to explore and observe the way Dou Hongming created a formation. It proved worth it and he’s delighted even though he sunk deeply in the formation at the moment.
Everyone was stunned as they had never expected Jiang Chen would feel impressed with Dou Hongming’s remarkable formation techniques.
“It’s such an outstanding skill. It seems like this formation’s techniques are complicated.”
Jiang Chen looked at Dou Hongming with a smile.
Dou Hongming’s face changed colour and he then said with a deep voice:
“Break this formation before you ask that. Humph. You’re not entitled to know my skills.”
Dou Hongming felt a slight tremble in his heart. Jiang Chen was truly sharp-eyed to realize that his formation techniques were out of the ordinary. Even Xue Jia, a Divine King expert, could not spot the peculiarities of his formation, but this guy was able to see everything at a glance.
“I am getting more curious.”
Jiang Chen said with a smile.
“It seems like you’re overconfident. I have heard that this master is like a Divine King in the Tian Qi Mountain Range and he has defeated countless enemies through his formation. The lord of the Eight Lineages Silver River, Xue Jia, made an alliance with him to build the Eight Lineages Silver River a long time ago. Even though his strength is inferior to a Divine King, it will be extremely difficult for Xue Jia to own the name of the lord of Eight Lineages Silver River by his own. This master has been known as one of the heroes in Eight Lineages Silver River and his strength is just unfathomable.”
Li Lei could not help heaving a sigh. It proved that Jiang Chen was just overconfident by entering Dou Hongming’s formation on his own. It could be difficult for a master of formation to kill him but it would be extremely easy to trap him instead. Not to mention a master who was extraordinarily strong and dangerous.
“I have heard of this. But all of these are just a rumour. I am afraid Jiang Chen had fallen right into his trap.”
She Zhen took on a ghastly expression and looked anxious. Jiang Chen had already become the eye of the formation. Dou Hongming was giving Jiang Chen a taste of his own medicine by making him enter the trap on his own. She Zhen and the others looked extremely worried.
“The formation is already formed. Try to break it now.”
Dou Hongming fixed his eyes on Jiang Chen, treating him like an idiot.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2568 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2569


There Is Nothing More Than This
“Fine, let’s see what’s special about your formations. But I will still definitely break these three formations.”
“Launch it, Interlock Formation!”
Dou Hongming roared in a deep voice. The three formations started rotating rapidly, every formation was linked with one another closely and moved slowly. Jiang Chen was trapped in the formation as a terrifying mighty force rushed towards him. Jiang Chen looked dignified and serious as Dou Hongming showed him the mightiness of the formation.
“Attack, defence and reinforcement. It’s such a complicated and tricky formation. It will not be easy to break the defensive line while its defence is being enhanced. I have to settle the defensive line first before breaking the attack line. And the reinforcement part will be the most difficult and tricky part. It seems like I have benefitted much from these three formations today.”
The smile on Jiang Chen’s face disappeared. The analysis of the No Beginning Formation kept coming into his mind. These three formations were not invincible, especially the defence line. Moreover, he owned the strongest formation in the world, there were a hundred and eighty thousand formations in total. Who would be capable of fighting him? After the analysis of the No Beginning Formation, it was definitely not an issue for him to break through the defence formation.
On the other side, Xue Jia and the Old Toad were also busy with their own battle.
“Hahaha. You’re the silliest person that I have even seen. How dare you come into a formation on your own accord and get trapped inside.”
Xue Jia mocked Jiang Chen with some sarcastic remarks, even the Old Toad agreed that Jiang Chen was digging his own grave. Even he himself could not ensure that he could leave there alive if he was trapped in those  formations, let alone Jiang Chen.
“Don’t count your chickens before they hatched. Just worry about yourself.”
The Old Toad snorted, looking grave. He puffed some poisonous fog into the void and made Xue Jia retreat. However, Xue Jia refused to surrender. He was holding The Silver Snowflake Spear like icing on the cake, he had become stronger than he was before.
The spear was wielded continuously in heaven and earth, the world withered and snow fell on the glacier. The freezing rain was falling, like fairies showering flower petals. The Old Toad was up on a tree. The glacier was torn apart in a hundred miles. Even though the Old Toad was forced to draw a few steps back in great dismay, he was getting stronger at the moment and he could never retreat.
Both of their concerns were different. Xue Jia was struggling to maintain the dignity of his Eight Lineages Silver River while the Old Toad wanted to take a grand revenge for his son, and he was fearless even if he had to fight to the death at this moment. Jiang Chen’s Azure Spirit Pill could not be wasted as it boosted his strength by leaps and bounds, creating an opportunity for him to fight against Xue Jia. Otherwise, how could he be capable of resisting Xue Jia after just breaking through?
Jiang Chen looked serious as he struck out a blow. The mountains and rivers were shattered but the whole formation remained unmoved. There were countless grayish brown inscriptions coming into his mind, roaring like a black dragon and howling in the void like a long-horned beetle. The golden light shield was roaring up in the sky, it formed a thick strong city wall and Jiang Chen was sealed off inside the formation.
Jiang Chen struck out constantly and the terrifyingly strong breeze was deafening. Even after using the Dragon Transformation, he was still unable to break the formation. He got his finger burnt in this Heavenly Profound Guard Formation.
Jiang Chen wore a frown on his face but still looked calm. However, he realized that Dou Hongming was smiling confidently, remaining completely calm as he believed that Jiang Chen would never be able to break the formation that he had set up.
The golden light shone and penetrated through the void like shining spears and armored horses in battle. Being trapped inside the three formations, Jiang Chen was confronting a dilemma. Those golden shields were like terrifying weapons roaring over his ears.
Each step of his was dreadful. While the second formation, Thousand Killing Blades Formation, was full of killing intent and it was about to burst out at him, blocking his way out completely. If he wanted to survive, he had to break this formation as soon as possible. Unfortunately, the edges of the swords were moving around him wildly, thousands of swords were drawn out and rushed at him.
Thousand Killing Blades Formation was a supreme-grade formation. There were similarities between the Thousand Killing Blades Formation and Jiang Chen’s Little Ashura Sword Formation. However, the Little Ashura Sword Formation was constantly changing as it was produced by the Divine Tools and Heavenly Divine Tool at that so it was even more devastating than the Thousand Killing Blades Formation. However, the Thousand Killing Blades Formation was reinforced with Divine Origin Strength, and it could even transform into frightening formidable weapons that could sweep through the formation. Jiang Chen had completely sunk into difficulty at this moment. There were several scratches and wounds on his arms in just a twinkle of an eye, his blood was splashing out.
A smile touched the corners of Dou Hongming’s lips. Jiang Chen could not even resist the first attack. Once the third formation was launched and transformed tremendously, then that would be the time for Jiang Chen to die.
“The changes of the formation all depended on the changes of foundation of the formation, and he had used his Divine Origin Strength as the base of formation. He is still too young, even a Divine King expert will never exhaust their strength to make the formation. He is just looking down on me.”
Jiang Chen wore a slight smile. Although he was wounded, it was only because he tried to examine whether this formation was as powerful as what he had been told.
“In order to break the first formation, only the sharpest spear can be used to pierce through the strongest shield.”
Jiang Chen had a sudden enlightenment. The Heavenly Dragon Sword was surging forward, a black dragon soaring into the sky. Even though he had lost the soul of the Heavenly Dragon Sword, it was still unbeatable and extraordinarily strong, glimmering with its sword’s light.
The Heavenly Dragon Sword gathered its power, the sword Qi spread through eight hundred miles. The Man and Sword merged into one, breaking through the void like devouring a hundred thousand miles of glaciers with overbearing and terrifying momentum.
The Sword Qi was exceedingly horrifying, and its sharpness had made Dou Hongmingfeel anxious. He could feel that Jiang Chen was like a wild beast which was going to break through the prison soon. It seemed like the first formation could not constrain him any more.
Dou Hongming looked coldly. The Cyan Light Arhat Formation was launched and moving rapidly at this moment. The third formation was closely linked with the previous two formations, there was another formation hiding inside those formations.
The Cyan Light Arhat Formation was sparkling with green light and a gleam of purple light surged forward. Beams of terrifying divine lights were flowing into the formation, making the Heavenly Profound Guard Formation become even more firm, even managing to remain unmoved eventually.
However, the Sword Qi of Jiang Chen was strong as well, especially the mightiness of the Heavenly Dragon Sword; its invincibility could even devour the entire universe.
The golden shield collapsed under the merging of Sword Qi of Jiang Chen. In the end, some cracks could be seen appearing in the first formation.
“Is it called Heavenly Profound Guard Formation? It’s nothing more than this.”
Jiang Chen gave a scornful smile.
“You really have some balls.”
Dou Hongming thought. For an instant, the Sword Qi of Jiang Chen ignored the reinforcement of the Cyan Light Arhat Formation, piercing through the sky and penetrating the first formation. He had successfully broken through the first formation perfectly. However, the second formation was not as easy as what he had thought.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2569 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2570


Heavenly Spinning Wind Formation
The first formation was shattered, was breaking the second formation far from now?
The corner of Jiang Chen’s mouth was overflowing with confidence and a smile was plastered on his face. Amongst the three formations, the first formation was the easiest to break. He did not, however, become conceited because of this. That’s because the second formation was the most terrifying one as it was extremely sharp and invincible. It aimed to kill whoever was inside the formation with dreadful attacks. And with the support of the third formation, the attack power of the Thousand Killing Blades Formation was boosted.
“Thousand Killing Blades Formation is set to slaughter. It’s attacking power is irresistible. Its weakness only laid on its formation foundation. Since the formation was only set for attacking, its formation foundation and formation were definitely much weaker.”
Jiang Chen thought.
Dou Hongming must’ve created the formation based on this thought. The strength of  Thousand Killing Blades Formation was really formidable and its explosive power was also very dreadful. With the support of the Cyan Light Arhat Formation, it could even kill a Divine King expert. Any ordinary cultivator would definitely lose his upper hand the moment he entered the second formation, even if he succeeded in breaking the first formation.
Jiang Chen’s Heavenly Dragon Sword swept across in all directions and confronted thousands of weapons in the Thousand Killing Blades Formation. Jiang Chen was quite struggling as the formation’s attacking power was terrifying.
The sharp blades shot out towards Jiang Chen from all directions. He was extremely careful in the formation. Everyone was on the edge, worrying that Jiang Chen might be hit by the formation.
Dou Hongming was very confident. The first formation was only set as an obstacle to Jiang Chen. Since he had broken the first formation, the second formation of course would be harsher. Offense was the strongest defence!
If Jiang Chen would not counterattack the formation and only defend himself, the formation’s attack would become more and more aggressive .
Jiang Chen used the No Beginning Formation to infer how to break the formation while his hand was wielding the Heavenly Dragon Sword to continuously defend himself. Although it was very harsh, he remained very skillful in doing this. The No Beginning Formation consisted of one hundred and eight thousand Dao. The Thousand Killing Blades Formation was one of them. However, after being boosted by the Cyan Light Arhat Formation, the Thousand Killing Blades Formation had experienced great transformation. So, Jiang Chen had to take it step-by-step to find the solution to break the formation.
Jiang Chen was not an unparalleled genius in formation, however, he had mastered the No beginning Formation. By chance and luck, he had broken the most formidable formation—the No beginning—and thus mastered such skill and opportunity.
The dreadfulness of the Thousand Killing Blades Formation was completely beyond his imagination. Jiang Chen had used up his utmost effort to confront its harshness with his gentleness in order to prevent being defeated. That was the only way for him to have a chance of  breaking the formation.
He took steps back as a way of attacking. In the Thousand Killing Blades Formation, he did not choose to stand toe-to-toe against the ferocious blades in battle. If he did that, he might get injured easily. Actually, he was confident in breaking this formation because its mechanism was not too complicated. Although it had been transformed and boosted by Dou Hongming and its attacking power was doubled, Jiang Chen was no ordinary cultivator that would be defeated easily. It’s not enough for Dou Hongming to use only three formations to trap him.
The foundation of the formation was the most important part of the formation while Divine Origin Qi that came from the heavens and earth was the key to setting up the foundation. As long as the Divine Origin Qi of the heavens and earth were messed up, the formation would also be broken eventually. Of course one must have enough strength, otherwise, he would not only fail to mess the Divine Origin Qi but also enhance the formation foundation unintentionally. If that was the case, he would just shoot himself in the foot.
“Heavenly Spinning Wind Formation! This should be the formation! A simple formation like Thousand Killing Blades Formation would not have a formidable foundation. The Heavenly Spinning Wind Formation is the formation that could shatter its foundation.”
Jiang Chen squinted his eyes and started setting up the formation. He was going to break this formation with another formation. It would definitely make Dou Hongming shocked.
At the same time, Jiang Chen took this opportunity to figure out the location of the eye of the Thousand Killing Blades Formation. Once he found the formation eye, the Heavenly Spinning Wind Formation could take down the Thousand Killing Blades more effortlessly and in a short amount of time.
“In the universe, a formation that has its formation eye at the South East side is the best. Dou Hongming is really not that simple.”
While Jiang Chen dodged the attack of the Thousand Killing Blades Formation, he managed to figure out the trick inside this formation finally. Each of his steps was extremely careful. After he set up the Heavenly Spinning Wind Formation, he immediately changed his way of responding. Dou Hongming became gloomy at this moment while looking at Jiang Chen. Jiang Chen’s steps were under his control as he was also a formation master, how could he not know that Jiang Chen was setting up a formation?
“Are you that naive to think about breaking the formation with another formation?”
Dou Hongming smiled coldly.
“Let’s see if your formation is really strong enough. Hahaha.”
Jiang Chen laughed out loud and said, his eyes looking completely cold. Now, it was his time to display his mightiness. He had been suffering and pressured under the attack of the Thousand Killing Blades Formation.
It was very clear that the Thousand Killing Blades Formation was able to kill a Divine King Realm excerpt. Under the attack of such a powerful formation, it was extremely difficult for Jiang Chen to form another formation.  Jiang Chen had experienced a great crisis under the risk of being slaughtered by the Thousand Killing Blades Formation. Everyone was terrified.
The Thousand Killing Blades Formation was extremely terrifying with the support of the Cyan Light Arhat Formation. It’s ray of thorns were pouring down as if heavy rain fell down continuously. When Jiang Chen was about to finish setting up the Heavenly Spinning Wind Formation, Dou Hongming became more and more tense. He had an ominous feeling even though he did not really know what kind of formation Jiang Chen was setting up. However, he could not do anything to stop Jiang Chen.
“Cyan Light Arhat Formation that reaches all directions!”
Dou Hongming took action once again to boost the Cyan Light Arhat Formation. Jiang Chen was under greater pressure this time in the formation. Although the Heavenly Spinning Wind Formation was set, he could only remain passive and found it difficult to take further steps.
The dreadful wind came across the shadows of blades while Jiang Chen managed to dodge each attack of the blades. Jiang Chen was wounded but it was already very lucky for him to stand for so long in such a dreadful formation without getting any critical injury.
The cyan light shone in the glacier. Jiang Chen’s legs were trembling under the dreadful attacks but he still managed to deal with it.
“Let’s start! Heavenly Spinning Wind Formation, let’s make a mess under the heavens and stir up the storm. Hahaha.”
Jiang Chen made a wild roar and the Heavenly Spinning Wind Formation had been completely set up. There was a twist in the surrounding space. The Divine Origin Qi was shakened and a hurricane swirled around the space. The Heavenly Spinning Wind Formation had messed up the Divine Origin Qi and destroyed the foundation of the formation. Soon, the Thousand Killing Blades Formation was broken even though Jiang Chen did not take any action against it.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2570 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2571


The Great Bright Lord’s Relic
“Is it the Heavenly Spinning Wind Formation? How could it stir up the Divine Origin Qi within ten miles?”
Dou Hongming heaved a cold breath. He had never expected Jiang Chen’s Heavenly Spinning Wind Formation to be this creepy. This Heavenly Spinning Wind Formation could only shake the Divine Origin Qi violently and arouse a storm within ten miles. However, it could cause  severe damage to the foundation of the formation. It was not that every formation could remain unmoved as the Heavenly Spinning Wind Formation was changing the state of his Thousand Killing Blades Formation. Once the foundation of the formation suffered any damage, the Thousand Killing Blades Formation would completely collapse.
Dou Hongming had heard of the Heavenly Spinning Wind Formation, albeit in name only. As a part of a formation family, Dou Family, he did not know anything about the Heavenly Spinning Wind Formation. It looked simple but it could cause such a severe damage to his Thousand Killing Blades Formation which was exceedingly inconceivable.
However,  Dou Hongming was clear about the weaknesses and problems of his formation. The Thousand Killing Blades Formation tended to make all the foundations of formation focus on the offensive in pursuit of perfection. That was the reason the defense of the formation’s foundation was relatively weak and unstable. And the Heavenly Spinning Wind Formation would definitely be a strong enemy of the Thousand Killing Blades Formation!
Dou Hongming was aware of the crisis at the moment. Although he had been wrecking his brain’s out in his formation, he still missed out something as he did not expect Jiang Chen to be so skillful and knowledgeable in terms of formation. Jiang Chen’s formation focused on destroying the foundation of the formation. So, Jiang Chen made sure that this formation has a weak foundation and even weaker than his Heavenly Spinning Wind Formation. Otherwise, he would not be able to make any difference if the Thousand Killing Blades Formation was perfectly stable and strong.
“It seems like the only way to defeat him will be the Heavenly Palace Exterminating Formation. This guy is really driving me insane.”
Dou Hongming’s eyes looked cold and gloomy. He was filled with killing intent at this moment. He was bent on killing Jiang Chen at all costs, even though he had to bet the entire Eight Lineages Silver River by launching the Heavenly Palace Exterminating Formation. Besides that, Dou Hongming was extremely curious about Jiang Chen and the secret of the formation he had set up.
Jiang Chen shared the same thought at this moment. Both of them were showing great interest in each other as they were bound to kill each other and seize the other’s secret.
“I am afraid that you will be the next one to fade away like the Thousand Killing Blades Formation.”
Jiang Chen was at ease and confident. The Heavenly Spinning Wind Formation was raging like a storm and engulfing everything in all directions. It stirred up the Divine Origin Qi within ten miles and tried to destroy the Divine Origin Qi and foundation of the Thousand Killing Blades Formation.
Jiang Chen was holding the Heavenly Dragon Sword and overriding the void with overbearing and overwhelming aura. He was intermingling with the Thousand Killing Blades Formation while the Sword of Solitude swept through the world.
There were countless Sword Qi piercing through Jiang Chen’s body. Which he defended by shielding himself with the Heavenly Dragon Battle Armour and he then blazed his way through all the difficulties. The Thousand Killing Blades Formation collapsed completely at this moment. The changes that happened in the formation made him feel impressed. Even though the Thousand Killing Blades Formation had been totally damaged by his Heavenly Spinning Wind Formation, he did not feel relieved as the ultimate Cyan Light Arhat Formation was undergoing tremendous transformation.
“You did a great job! Hahaha, I knew that you won’t be defeated easily. Since the two formations have already collapsed, I am sure that the third formation can do nothing to you. Hahaha.”
Li Peng was surprised. Jiang Chen was irresistible and the entire Eight Lineages Silver River was trembling. He had fought against two thousands Late Heavenly God Realm beasts alone and even broke this perfect formation that was created by the great formation expert, Dou Hongmin. Jiang Chen was certainly out of the ordinary.
“Heroes are always cultivated from childhood. It seems like we have underestimated him.”
She Zhen was impressed. He was worried for Jiang Chen, however, Jiang Chen still managed to come through every difficulty and turned those dangers into good fortune. He became the center of attention in the crowd.
Yan Qingcheng fixed her glance on Jiang Chen. The young talent made her heart tremble; she had indescribable feelings towards Jiang Chen as his shadow crossed her mind continuously.
“Who exactly are you? Why do you seem familiar to me? I hope that you don’t ruin my plan.”
There was a gleam in Yan Qingcheng’s eyes. The appearance of Jiang Chen made her feel relieved and no one could constrain her any more. Xue Jia looked anxious at this moment. Dou Hongming had finally met his real rival.
She would watch all of this silently as he would be the one to take all the benefits at the end of the battle.
“I hope the both of you are injured severely.”
Yan Qingcheng drew a few steps slowly. Her target was Xue Ying.
“Leave here quickly, it is not safe to stay here. I will bring you to a safe place.”
Yan Qingcheng said softly, taking a glance at Xue Ying who looked helpless at this moment.
Xue Ying’s eyes were full of tears. Has she finally been moved by him? In the midst of the predicament, she finally stood by him now. The Eight Lineages Silver River was still her home after all.
“Don’t say anything before we leave. Their target is you.”
Yan Qingcheng held Xue Ying’s hand and brought him into the hinterland of the Eight Lineages Silver River.
“I have made a great mistake as I didn’t realize that you still care about me. I regretted having misjudged you, Qingcheng.”
Xue Ying seemed excited and grateful. Although he had suffered those great humiliations and insults in front of the one he loved, he did not expect this result. She learned a thing and it seemed like her character had undergone a huge transformation.
Yan Qingcheng stopped smiling once they entered the hinterland of the Eight Lineages Silver River. She looked cold and sinister the moment she faced him. It caught him completely off guard.
“Qing Cheng, you……”
Yan Qingcheng approached him in just a twinkle of an eye. At that instant, he’s frightened and shocked. The blade of despair roared past his ears.
“I will spare your life if you tell me where the Great Bright Lord’s Relic is located.” Yan Qingcheng said calmly.
The wide canyon seemed empty at this moment as everyone was witnessing the battle on the Eight Lineages Silver River where Xue Jia was engaged in an intense battle. Even though her strength was constrained by Xue Jia,  she was still irresistibly threatening to Xue Ying who had suffered injury right now.
Yan Qingcheng was full of charisma like a jade with elegant and spiritual appearance. She looked like a graceful goddess with superior air while Xue Ying was like a down and out loser. He smiled bitterly. He could feel that there was a huge difference between him and Yan Qingcheng.
“So you’re here for the Great Bright Lord’s Relic. I have been wondering why an arrogant and charming girl like you suddenly showed up in the Tian Qi Mountain Range. Your acting skill is truly impressive. I never knew that you’re here for the Great Bright Lord’s Relic. That is a very rare treasure that few people knew, who are you exactly?”
Xue Ying’s face looked gloomy. He just realized that it was just his own wishful thinking to live, and his life was in her hands at this moment.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2571 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2572


The Interlock Formation
“There are no absolutes, even the walls have ears. Just tell me where the Great Bright Lord’s Relic is if you wish to stay alive.”
Yan Qingcheng smiled coldly, Xue Ying was suffering with deep disappointment. He never thought the perfect goddess that he had been dreaming of was such a tricky and wicked evil woman. Everything she did here was just for the Great Bright Lord’s Relic.
Yan Qingcheng was elegant and talented with unique beauty. Not to mention Tian Qi Mountain Range, she was unparalleled and precious even in the Lone Dragon County. Xue Ying made fun of himself as his fears were spreading and growing stronger in his heart. Yan Qingcheng took the opportunity to hold him as her hostage. He was being driven up to the wall and lost his hope as his father was engaged in a fierce battle at the moment.
“Do you think you could still escape from Eight Lineages Silver River after my dad defeated the Old Toad?”
Xue Ying pretended to be calm.
“You can give it a try if you think that I won’t kill you before he comes here.”
Yan Qingcheng’s voice sounded flat, which made Xue Ying experience a psychological breakdown once again. He intended to threaten Yan Qingcheng with his father’s name but it seemed like he was being disregarded.
“The Great Bright Lord’s Relic is not with me now. I don’t even know where it is as my dad is the one who owns it. Do you think he will tell anyone about it?”
Xue Ying said with a low voice while gritting his teeth and staring at Yan Qingcheng. It is indeed true that the most poisonous thing in the world would be the heart of women.
“Perhaps he won’t tell anyone but you’re his son. If I’m not mistaken, it is a long time since you’ve reached the Half-step Divine King Realm right?”
Xue Ying looked ghastly white, and did not say a word.
“That’s why you keep pleading with your dad to pass you the Great Bright Lord’s Relic so that you can break through the Divine King Realm. Is it right? You held a grudge when your dad refused to do so. But your dad chose to compromise with you at the end. Are you still insisting on telling me that you don’t know where the Great Bright Lord’s Relic is?”
Yan Qingcheng wore a slight smile on her face. She had figured out everything about Xue Ying. Xue Ying looked pale as he felt himself being naked in front of Yan Qingcheng which made him feel extreme detest; he’s boiling with rage.
“Who exactly are you? What are going to do now?”
Xue Ying went into hysterics and stared at her with bulging eyes.
“All I want is the Great Bright Lord’s Relic. It will be your only chance for survival.”
Yan Qingcheng raised her hand, holding the Azure Jade Sword in her hand. At the moment, Xue Ying sunk deep into despair.
“You will get nothing if you kill me. The Great Bright Lord’s Relic is mine, it’s impossible for you to snatch it away from me!”
Xue Ying roared wildly. He had already imagined the final result. If he insisted to do so, he would burn his bridges behind him. His father was busy enough with the battle and it was the greatest crisis that the Eight Lineages Silver River have ever suffered. And he was now being held as a hostage to exchange with the Great Bright Lord’s Relic. The only way for him to survive was to yield the Great Bright Lord’s Relic.
“There is a limit to my tolerance.”
Yan Qingcheng’s face turned cold gradually.
“I just want to know who you are.”
“You have no right to know that.”
Yan Qingcheng’s Azure Jade Sword was placed on Xue Ying’s neck. He would be beheaded with a slight movement.
“The Great Bright Lord’s Relic is too precious, it’s impossible for me to bring it with me all the time. Come with me and take it instead.
“I will never give you a second chance.”
Yan Qingcheng’s voice was full of killing intent. Xue Ying could feel that the Azure Jade Sword would take his life at any time.
“I swore that I won’t play any trick.”
Xue Ying said with a bitter smile.
“I hope so.”
Yan Qingcheng pointed her sword at Xue Ying which made him move forward slowly.
Yan Qingcheng dared not treat him easily. She guessed it would not be easy for her to get the Great Bright Lord’s Relic without the arrival of Jiang Chen and Old Toad this time.
Although her plan of getting Great Bright Lord’s Relic had been on-going for years already, it was definitely worth it. Even the Hierarch experts were reticent about this precious item, but there was no secret which could be kept forever. Yan Qingcheng was not here only for the Great Bright Lord’s Relic, but also here to make Xue Ying understand that the Eight Lineages Silver River was not useless for her.
At the same time, Jiang Chen had successfully broken through the Thousands Killing Blades Formation but the Cyan Light Arhat Formation was a great crisis that he had to get through. This formation was way terrifying compared to the Thousands Killing Blades Formation. It was not only an ordinary formation in boosting the formation’s power, it was even linked together with the huge formation of the Eight Lineages Silver River—the Heavenly Palace Exterminating Formation!
In other words, a slight change of the Cyan Light Arhat Formation would bring a great effect. It was truly impressive and fascinating that Dou Hongming linked the Cyan Light Arhat Formation with the Heavenly Palace Exterminating Formation. Even Jiang Chen had never expected him to do so.
The Heavenly Palace Exterminating Formation was different from the Thousands Killing Blades Formation. It was a formation that Dou Hongming had been practising carefully over the past years, and thus the Thousands Killing Blades Formation could never take rank with. Compared with the Little Ashura Sword Formation, the Heavenly Palace Exterminating Formation was far superior in power. It was his perfect formation that he had been working his heart out, a formation with devastating formidable power.
Since the moment Jiang Chen realized that the Cyan Light Arhat Formation was linked together with the The Heavenly Palace Exterminating Formation, he knew that Dou Hongming was determined to kill everyone in the Eight Lineages Silver River at all costs. He was truly a wicked, evil man which made everyone tremble with fear.
“Have you made up your mind?”
Jiang Chen heaved a deep breath, staring at Dou Hongming. This guy was still smiling even though both of his formations had been completely destroyed. He looked just slightly annoyed but his resolve was still intact.
“It seems like you have some clue now. It is truly not easy for a young guy like you to achieve such an impressive achievement. I will consider sparing your life if you surrender now.”
Dou Hongming touched his white beard softly with a slight smile.
“Haha. Don’t flatter yourself. You’re just trying to arouse a great deal of anger in the world. The entire Eight Lineages Silver River will all perish together if the Cyan Light Arhat Formation is linked together with the Heavenly Palace Exterminating Formation. It seems like Xue Jia didn’t even know the truth.”
Jiang Chen looked cold and grim.
“You’re right. It’s no business of mine even if all of you die. You’re just like a special episode for me as the Heavenly Palace Exterminating Formation is originally designed for Xue Jia. Since all of you assembled here, I don’t mind taking all of your lives together with his life as you all are totally meaningless to me.”
Dou Hongming looked gloomy. He made up his mind at this moment. But Jiang Chen had never expected Dou Hongming to take Xue Jia’s life together with him. The ultimate target of this Heavenly Palace Exterminating Formation was the Eight Lineages Silver Silver!
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2572 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2573


Chapter 2573
Dou Hongming’s Wild Ambition
“You are indeed a lunatic!”
Jiang Chen smiled coldly. He found this Dou Hongming quite impressive because his real intention was completely out of his expectation. Perhaps even Xue Jia did not know about his intention and determination at all. No one would be willing to keep a lunatic who would turn into live ammunition anytime.
“You know that once the Heavenly Palace Exterminating Formation is triggered, the Eight Lineages Silver River would vanish out of existence. The people in the entire Eight Lineages Silver River would also die, including powerful experts and monsters. The entire power of Tian Qi Mountain Range would also be buried here in death.”
Jiang Chen said in a deep voice. He had no doubt that Dou Hongming had such resolve.
“Yes. But how are they related to me? Hahaha. Even though they will die or be injured badly, I can still stay alive and well. Even though I have conceded to the Eight Lineages Silver River once, do you really think that Xue Jia would be able to manipulate me? I have done all these with a clear goal. Because of you, an intruder, I have no choice but to kickstart my plan earlier than I have expected.”
Dou Hongming’s eyes were ruthless, looking at Jiang Chen with disgust.
“I am from the Battle God Family, will I become a guest of Xue Jia who is an evil monster? It’s ridiculous. My formation is unparalleled. Even if you have broken two of my formations, I am going to see how you are going to break the third one.”
Dou Hongming was very confident because he knew that Jiang Chen would not court death himself.
Jiang Chen’s face looked solmen. It was not difficult for him to break the third formation. However, once it was broken, he was not that sure what would come next. The Cyan Light Arhat Formation was bound closely together with the Heavenly Palace Exterminating Formation. Once the third formation was shattered, the Heavenly Palace Exterminating Formation would definitely destroy the entire Eight Lineages Silver River. It was fine if the formation was used to attack outsiders and enemy, however, the most terrifying part of the formation was its self-destructiveness. The Heavenly Palace Exterminating Formation could devastate the entire Eight Lineages Silver River and no one would be able to escape here.
Both Jiang Chen and Dou Hongming were not foolish. At this moment, they exchanged a glance. Jiang Chen was not afraid of death, however, he could not ignore all the lives in the entire Eight Lineages Silver River. It would be an unparalleled great catastrophe.
If Jiang Chen really destroyed the third formation, his Dao spirit would definitely be greatly affected. Surging Heaven Dao was not something that should be used to manipulate human’s life and death. It’s humanity that made humans precious and different in the world. Slaughtering could not solve every problem. Those who simply slaughter and take away one’s life were also destined to fall into a thousand misfortunes. There were so many innocent lives here, so Jiang Chen could not just neglect them and break the third formation. He could not do that as it was his nature.
Dou Hongming, on the other hand, did not care about this at all because he was only responsible for his own action and for his own purpose. He had only himself in his eyes.
At this moment, Xue Jia and the Old Toad were still fighting fiercely. The Old Toad was not afraid of death at all; hence Xue Jia was in a passive position. The Old Toad pressed and wrestled against Xue Jia even at the cost of his life. Two Divine King Realm experts used their utmost effort in this battle. One could imagine how terrifying and intense the battle was. A chaos was happening in the Eight Lineages Silver River right now, and both of them were already injured quite severely in the battle.
Although Xue Jia was more powerful in terms of strength, the Old Toad had been targeting him without giving him any mercy. He had been wrestling Xue Jia with his life. Xue Jia was a bit impatient in the battle now. It’s known that the Blue-eyed Azure Flower Toad was very dreadful. If one was poisoned, one was doomed to be defeated. That was why Xue Jia did not dare to be reckless at all.
“Master Dou, you must stop this bastard. If you help resolve the crisis, I will definitely repay you.”
Xue Jia said in a deep voice. The Old Toad took another aggressive strike while a ferocious silver mad dragon soared into the sky. The dragon had a glowing black horn on its head. The silver dragon was actually Xue Jia’s real body. Unihorn Snow Dragon was a sub-division of the Dragon Clan. Although it was not considered as a true dragon, it actually contained a part of the bloodline of the Dragon Clan. That was why it was called a silver dragon.
The silver dragon was wrestling the green Old Toad, breaking the glacier apart. The mightiness of a Divine King was really terrifying.
“Are you here to take the risk of challenging me?”
Jiang Chen looked at Dou Hongming who looked very calm and relaxed at this moment.
“So what? If you don’t break the third formation, you would be trapped here forever. If you break it, then the Heavenly Palace Exterminating Formation will be triggered. The entire Eight Lineages Silver River will fall into hell because of you. Hahaha. Do you feel like being a traitor right now? Do you still want to be the hero? You shouldn’t have come to the Eight Lineages Silver River. However, you came here without any hesitation. If you kneel down and kowtow to me right now, I might consider sparing your life and cultivate you to be my disciple. Of course, you have to show me all of your formation before that.”
Dou Hongming was jealous of Jiang Chen’s talent in formation, and he knew that Jiang Chen definitely had some treasure behind him. Otherwise, he would not have this mastery over formations. Although the Thousand Killing Blades Formation and Heavenly Profound Guard Formation were not his trump cards, it was already very difficult for those who were under the Divine King realm to break them. However, Jiang Chen was able to do it.
Jiang Chen was hesitating as he was trying to find a better way to resolve this crisis. It would be perfect if he could break the third formation and save more people together.
Jiang Chen was not overflowing with kindness, however, he was not willing to involve so many innocent lives in this catastrophe.
“You are running out of time.”
Dou Hongming shrugged.
“You wouldn’t have any chance to break the third formation in 30 minutes because the formation will disappear itself later. There would be another formation that would surround the entire Eight Lineages Silver River. You know what kind of formation this is?”
Dou Hongming smiled coldly. He was like a terrifying schemer who brought an end to people. That was the only way he felt proud and satisfied.
Jiang Chen understood that the relation between the Cyan Light Arhat Formation and Heavenly Palace Exterminating Formation was not simple at all. It was something specifically designed and mastered by Dou Hongming.
Inside the ice cave, there were many Divine Tools and treasures.
Yan Qingcheng stared at Xue Ying coldly without even blinking her eyes.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2573 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2574


Chapter 2574
Elegant Aura
At an unappealing corner, Xue Ying pushed out something with his hand, and a secret room appeared. The secret room could only allow one person to enter. There were many dazzling treasures around. On a jade dressing-table, there was a golden coloured knuckle that was around the size of a thumb. The moment Yan Qingcheng saw it, her eyes shone out some lights as she was astonished. She murmured:
“Is this the Great Bright Lord’s Relic?”
“You’re right. There are three pieces of the Great Bright Lord’s Relic in total. They are the Buddism treasures left by the Great Buddha Bright Lord. The bone relics are extremely beneficial. Even Divine Emperors and God Emperors yearn for it. The relics are the secret inheritance of the Great Buddha Bright Lord. Ordinary people would find it hard to master it. Even if they reached the Divine Emperor and God Emperor realm, it is not that easy for them to devour it. That’s why it’s said that the Great Bright Lord’s Relic is extremely precious.”
Xue Ying said in a low voice while looking solemn. At this moment, he wanted to take the opportunity to kill Yan Qingcheng who was immersed in the Great Bright Lord’s Relic. He tried to take the Great Bright Lord’s Relic away and planned to swallow it. However, his palm was immediately cut off by Yan Qingcheng’s sword. Blood spurted out from his hands and his face contorted in pain.
“I have told you before not to try to play any trick, otherwise, you will die in an unpleasing way.”
Yan Qingcheng raised her eyebrow. She had completely lost her patience to Xue Ying at this moment.
“My hand…….”
Xue Ying held his slashed hand tightly, looking extremely pale and weak. His spirit was only filled with fear.
“It’s indeed the Great Bright Lord’s Relic .”
Yan Qingcheng took over the Great Bright Lord’s Relic which was around the size of a knuckle, she immediately felt peaceful in her heart. The dazzling golden Great Bright Lord’s Relic seemed like it had an enormous power. It also gave people a peaceful feeling that Yan Qingcheng had never experienced before.
“You’re useless now.”
Yan Qingcheng gave Xue Ying a glance. Xue Ying took a step backward subconsciously and said:
“You shouldn’t go against your words. I have used so much effort in pleasing you throughout these years, why do you want to kill me?”
“What is the point of sparing a bastard like you? Do you think that I don’t know what kind of evil things you have done throughout the years? As the young master of Eight Lineages Silver River, your behaviour is always dirty and despicable. I am afraid that my eyes would become dirty too if I keep looking at you.”
Yan Qingcheng turned around and was ready to leave. Xue Ying heaved a sigh thinking that Yan Qingcheng was going to spare him. However, the Azure Jade Sword in Yan Qingcheng’s hand suddenly flew towards Xue Ying in a flash. It left a wound on his neck and he finally fell down with unwillingness.
“No…….”
Xue Jia’s eyes were full of blood as he could feel that his son had lost his life at this moment. Although this happened in Eight Lineages Silver River, he knew that his son had already been killed by someone. The person who killed his son possibly was Yan Qingcheng, the unparalleled beautiful enchantress.
“This is hateful! Truly hateful! I will never forgive you, enchantress!”
Xue Jia immediately rushed to the centre of the Eight Lineages Silver River. However, how could the Old Toad allow him to leave just like this? Their battle had become more and more intense. Both of them were already severely injured.
“Old Toad, if you stop me again, I will crush you into ashes!”
Xue Jia puckered his lips hard while the sky had been stained by their blood. He was badly injured by the Old Toad, whereas the Old Toad was also running out of breath. However, he had been smiling as he had already seen through life and death.
“As I have said before, I will never give up if I haven’t killed your son!”
The Old Toad said with a gloomy voice.
“My son has already been killed, are you satisfied now?”
Xue Jia’s words stunned the Old Toad for a second.
“I am going to find you out, the one who killed my son. Enchantress, come out!”
Xue Jia’s voice was deafening and even Jiang Chen could feel Xue Jia’s anger. The Divine King’s anger was really provoked.
Enchantress? It’s Yan Qingcheng.
“Master Dou, unleash the Heavenly Palace Exterminating Formation. I want everyone here to be buried with my son!”
Xue Jia had obviously gone nuts as his son was killed. The only murderer was Yan Qingcheng as she was the one who brought Xue Ying away earlier. Now, Xue Ying had completely lost his life. It was impossible for Yan Qingcheng to leave the Eight Lineages Silver River in such a short period of time.
“You don’t even have 30 minutes now. Someone already wishes that you all be killed here.”
Dou Hongming stared at Jiang Chen. Jiang Chen had already been mentally prepared. He was going to use the Little Ashura Sword Formation to fight against the Heavenly Palace Exterminating Formation. At least he could use the Little Ashura Sword Formation to protect those he wanted to protect.
Jiang Chen immediately took action. His Little Ashura Sword Formation could not withstand the Heavenly Palace Exterminating Formation perfectly, but he was well-aware of this. That’s why he was going to use the Interlock Formation to create another formation in the formation. It was the enlightenment he got when solving Dou Hongming’s formation. Since it was his first time performing this, he would not be reckless at all during the process.
“Profound Dragon Jade Amour Formation!”
Profound Dragon Jade Amour Formation came into Jiang Chen’s mind, a formation that was even more powerful than the Heavenly Profound Guard Formation. More importantly, Jiang Chen could use the Heavenly Dragon Battle Armour as the foundation to set the formation. However, it would consume too much Divine Origin Strength. He did not know whether he could afford to do so or not. It was definitely a challenge to him!
“Yan Qingcheng, where are you?!”
Xue Jia roared fiercely, which startled Yan Qingcheng. She knew that Xue Ying’s death definitely triggered Xue Jia. This guy was using his spiritual strength to look for her in the entire Eight Lineages Silver River. She had no way to hide herself now.
“How dared you kill my son?!”
“I have already killed him.”
Yan Qingcheng said coldly.
“Do you think you can leave this place alive? Return what you stole and let me kill you!”
Xue Jia looked at Yan Qingcheng with contempt and he was in full rage. Because he knew that Yan Qingcheng must have taken the Great Bright Lord’s Relic away. Yan Qingcheng immediately ran out from the ice cave.
“You can have it if you can.”
Yan Qingchen was not afraid at all. Her elegant aura had impressed many men.
Dou Hongming could not help but smile. Finally what he had been preparing for a thousand years would be displayed soon. No one could take away what he wanted!
Xue Jia never revealed the Great Bright Lord’s Relic because he was worried that it would stir up a storm and everyone from the entire Lone Dragon County would come to Tian Qi Mountain Range. Although the Tian Qi Mountain Range was not big, the Great Bright Lord’s Relic was enough to arouse everyone’s interest.
In order to obtain the Great Bright Lord’s Relic, Dou Hongming had been planning this in the dark for a thousand years.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2574 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2575


Chapter 2575
Passionately Devoted
Xue Jia was rushing at Yan Qingcheng, determined to kill her.
Jiang Chen’s eyes were filled with coldness as he flew into a rage. He would definitely lose control and sweep through the entire Eight Lineages Silver River if anything happened to Yan Qingcheng. Hence, he tried to break through the third formation desperately and recklessly.
Jiang Chen immediately blocked Xue Jia’s path like a shooting star. Xue Jia then struck out a formidable blow which shocked the mountains and rivers. Even though there was a huge difference between Jiang Chen and Xue Jia, JIang Chen managed to remain unmoved in front of Xue Jia, trying to bear the trembling heart and wiped the blood on the corner of his lips. He would rather die before his defeat as it would threaten Yan Qingcheng’s safety.
“Just fight me first if you want to harm a hair on her head.” Jiang Chen calmly said.
At that moment, everyone was startled, including Xue Jia. They had never expected Jiang Chen, a Middle Heavenly God, to hold back Xue Jia. In spite of injuries, he impressed everyone, they were in awe with his overwhelming aura.
Yan Qingcheng witnessed all of these. She felt touched by Jiang Chen. However, she was confused why he was devoted passionately to her when she did not even know who he was.
Jiang Chen did not take a glance at Yan Qingcheng because he was clear that nothing would be comparable with her and he would not feel regret even if he lost his life. He was bound to stand in front of her, provide protection and shelter for her. Although she had forgotten him, he still had his eyes on her. He could still remember those times that Yan Qingcheng used to follow the same path as him. How could he allow anyone to hurt her now?
“I am still wondering why you have done all these for me.”
Yan Qingcheng murmured under her breath.
A light of gratitude came into her eyes. She was not someone with a heart of stone even though she vowed to face everything without mercy in order to become the strongest.
To become the strongest expert, she needed to cut off the thread of love and break the bonds that hold her back.
Unfortunately, Jiang Chen was destined to be dragged down. At the moment, his beloved woman was the most important person who meant the world to him.
“Lad, I will fulfil your dream if you can’t wait to die now so that you can stay together with her forever. I will take your life with her.”
Xue Jia was holding the Silver Snowflake Spear in his hand, wielding it with great skill. Jiang Chen was astonished, and reminded himself not to underestimate the strength of a Divine King Realm expert. Jiang Chen was holding the Heavenly God Sword and approached slowly. Moreover, he had already suffered from Xue Jia’s strong blow previously. It was impossible for a Half-stepped Divine King to be compared to that of a Divine King. Although the Half-stepped Divine King Realm was merely one step away from the Divine King Realm, there was a world of difference.
With the help of the Dragon Transformation, Jiang Chen became exceedingly strong, but he was still struggling to fight with him. If Xue Jia was not severely wounded during his battle against the Old Toad, Jiang Chen would undoubtedly suffer a terrible defeat.
However, Jiang Chen was unwilling to admit defeat. He realized that the only way to defeat Xue Jia was by strategy, not by a forceful attack.
“The Heavenly Palace Exterminating Formation is unleashed. I didn’t mean to do it but you asked for it. Hahaha.”
Dou Hongming burst into laughter while looking at Jiang Chen. Now that the formation was activated, all he had to do now was to wait. While two dogs are fighting for a bone, a third runs away with it. He would be the one who gained the benefits when Jiang Chen and Xue Jia had a life and death battle. Eventually, the Great Bright Lord’s Relic would belong to him.
“Let’s see if this Heavenly Palace Exterminating Formation can constrain me.”
Jiang Chen said with a slight smile and full of confidence.
At the moment, the Dragon Profound Jade Amour Formation was completely formed by Jiang Chen. While those strong experts who had been saved by Jiang Chen were assembled within ten miles.
“The Dragon Profound Jade Amour Formation can at least shield you guys from danger. Remember not to step out of the formation.”
Jiang Chen glanced at She Zhen and the Li Lei brothers.
Even though Jiang Chen did not know most of them, he would not leave them alone since he had saved their lives. And besides, She Zhen and the others were included.
“My life’s savior……”
Li Peng was touched by Jiang Chen’s action as he had never thought that Jiang Chen was this kind and affectionate. His strength and spirit was truly impressive. Even those from Eight Lineages Silver River were showing great respect to him. After settling down all of them, he was bound to engage in the intense battle with Xue Jia with his back to the wall. Win or lose, Jiang Chen was surging up into the sky.
“He is trying to burn the bridges behind him.”
She Zhen whispered calmly. However he failed to stay calm in his heart. Jiang Chen was truly affectionate. He was determined to fight the lord of the Eight Lineages Silver Master alone to save his beloved woman at all cost. Everyone was showing admiration and awed by his high morality.
She Xinying turned away her head instantly. She could still remember the time that Eight Lineages Silver River was shattered terribly while Jiang Chen’s overbearing figure was burned in her brain.
“You’re a good man, you’re a wolf and lots of lamb has been lost because of you. You’re a good man, you’re the strongest in the world and countless heroes are heartbroken because of you. You’re a good man, you’re as bright as the sun, young and frivolous. You’re a good man, the sky will turn into your clothes. Put on your armour and your name will resound through ages. You’re a good man, forge ahead the winds and the waves, soars freely in the boundless heaven……”
She Xinying’s voice was pleasant and melodious. It was a touching marvellous song from her hometown which fit perfectly for Jiang Chen’s situation at the moment.
However, this relationship was dead and gone even before it started. So what she could do was think about him in this way and keep the memory of this upright and high-minded hero in her mind forever.
“If there is a life after death, I could become a dust on your shoulder.”
She Xingying murmured under her breath, turned her back with sharp determination and shed tears in her eyes. She had grown mature from a young girl in this journey to Tian Qi Mountain Range. Sometimes, we needed to learn how to grow tougher and stronger by ourselves as no one would experience the suffering hard times for you.
Jiang Chen was someone shining brightly like the sun while She Xinying would stay away from him. No matter if it was a success or failure, at least she knew that she had been in love with this man and she could die without regret.
“Is it the Dragon Profound Jade Amour Formation? This is a Mid grade Defence Formation. You made me feel impressed and astonished once again, kid.”
When Dou Hongming saw the Dragon Profound Jade Amour Formation, he was stunned for a second. He realized that it would be impossible for the Heavenly Palace Exterminating Formation to break through this Dragon Profound Jade Amour Formation within a short time.
The Heavenly Palace Exterminating Formation was a formation which could ravage an entire place. The moment it was launched, it was too late to turn back. Everything in the formation was destined to be destroyed and turned into ashes at the end.
“Xue Jia. Even though your son is dead, you were the one who spared the rod and spoil your child, you are supposed to die today. Hahaha.”
The Old Toad’s eyes were full of resentment and grief. The pain of losing a child made him lose control and conceived his profound hatred for the Eight Lineages Silver River. Although Xue Ying was dead, he swore to take Xue Jia’s life to bury together with his son.
“You guys can never imagine how terrifying the Heavenly Palace Exterminating Formation is. But I hope you all can enjoy it.”
Dou Hongming burst into laughter.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2575 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2576


Chapter 2576
Doomsday, Collapse
“Dou Shi, let’s go.” Xue Jia said.
The whole Eight Lineages Silver River became a wasteland under the Heavenly Palace Exterminating Formation. This formation was made by Dou Hongming, so he naturally has a way to get out.
“I’m sorry, Lord Xue, you have to take care of yourself. This formation can only fit one person. I’m truly sorry.” Dou Hongming sneered as he quickly backed off, looking for the eye of the formation.
“What’s happening? Dou Shi, you… ” Xue Jia’s expression changed as he looked at Dou Hongming.
Dou Hongming shrugged as if he’s helpless.
“To be precise, all of you will die here. But I believe that the Great Bright Lord’s Relic will be fine even if you die. ” Dou Hongming sneered.
“You dare… betray me… you’re cruel… to think you want me dead?”
Xue Jia was thoroughly angered. He never expected Dou Hongming to betray him at this very moment.
This instantly put Xue Jia in a deadly predicament. This great guardian formation of the Eight Lineages Silver River… never in his wildest dream that it would become the weapon that would send him towards his end.
“The reason I’m here in this Eight Lineages Silver River was never to be ordered by you, what is there to betray?” Dou Hongming indicated his stand. He had never once sided with anybody.
“You’re here for the Great Bright Lord’s Relic, you knew that it’s in my possession.”
Xue Jia finally knew Dou Hongming’s purpose. The Great Bright Lord’s Relic was his greatest treasure, he never once fully trusted his own son even if he wanted this to be given to him. Because Xue Jia knew that the relic was essential for him to reach the Hierarch Realm. The relic of the Buddhas from the Buddha Realm possessed great prestige and powerful energy, it would depend on the user to really fully utilize its worth.
“It’s too late to realize all of these now. You have no idea how great the Great Bright Lord’s Relic is, you don’t know what it’s worth. It’s a waste for you to hold onto it.” Dou Hongming said coldly, filled with disdain towards Xue Jia.
“Now, we’re all trapped in this Heavenly Palace Exterminating Formation.” Yan Qingcheng said quietly.
“I’ll bring you down even if I’m going to die.”
Jiang Chen smiled brightly, not feeling a shred of danger.
“You can even smile in this situation, in this great danger that not even the Diving King, Xue Jia could break through this Heavenly Palace Exterminating Formation. ”
“Enjoy to your heart’s content. Hahaha, this feast is tailored for all of you. Xue Jia, let’s not waste our energy, quietly wait for your death.” Dou Hongming said.
His words were exceptionally demoralizing. The whole place was in utter chaos.
“What? He wants to kill us all?”
“It seems so, that fella is nuts. I don’t wanna die, this Eight Lineages Silver River. I refuse to believe that I cannot get out of this place.”
“I feel that the formation has been activated. The whole Eight Lineages Silver River… do you guys feel it, it’s trembling.”
“I’m only here to congratulate, I don’t wanna die here, what is this shitty luck.”
“Not even the lord of the Eight Lineages Silver River could do anything to it. Looks like this formation is unbreakable.”
The whole Eight Lineages Silver River was in utter chaos, countless men that came to congratulate the newlywed and the locals…. Everyone of them drowned in fear as they faced the mighty pressure of the Heavenly Palace Exterminating Formation, their breathing stopped as if they were witnessing Armageddon falling upon them.
The icy river of the Eight Lineages Silver River began to tremble and it gradually cracked, leaving a 10 zhang wide crack from the main vein. Avalanche were happening all over the place, the icy mountains cracked and crumbled. The Eight Lineages Silver River was now falling apart.
Nobody wanted to die, they came happily to congratulate the young lord of the Eight Lineages Silver River, never in their wildest dreams that it would become the doom of the Eight Lineages Silver River and have their lives risked.
Their lives became worthless now, as those weaker ones couldn’t even stand up straight at the sight of those giant mountains crumbling. The crumbling Eight Lineages Silver River was now akin to hell. Everyone was running for their lives, away from this deathly place.
Only those hundreds of men were safe within the formation.
“Hap!”
Xue Jia tried to break through the barrier several times with his spear. Yet, every time, he got pushed back by the formation, and he staggered and backed down. Not even he, who was all-powerful, could break through it.
“I’ve said it before, nobody could break my Heavenly Palace Exterminating Formation.” Dou Hongming said.
Dou Hongming’s confidence came from his age-long planning. For this formation, he used 3 years to set it up, 10 years to correct it and a hundred years to perfect it. It was his life’s masterpiece. This formation could withstand the attacks of a Mid and Late Diving King, he was absolutely confident that not even a Late Divine King could destroy this formation.
Xue Jia couldn’t break through the Heavenly Palace Exterminating Formation no matter what. His gaze then fell upon Yan Qingcheng and Jiang Chen.
“Since I can’t get away from here, I’ll kill both of you first, at least I need to have you two die in front of my eyes.”
Xue Jia’s eyes were cold as the death of his son made his hatred towards Yan Qingcheng rise to the peak.
“I’m afraid you do not have what it takes.” Jiang Chen immediately stood in front of Yan Qingcheng without a shred of hesitation.
“You’re not his match. We may stand a chance if the two of us fight him.” Yan Qingcheng thought for a bit and said.
“Men shouldn’t allow the woman to stand in front no matter what. Plus, I will never allow you to get injured, I alone am enough to face him.” Jiang Chen smiled confidently.
“That face of yours is pretty repugnant, as if everything is under your control.” Yan Qingcheng said.
“But at least I like it.” Yan Qingcheng added. Jiang Chen was stunned and then smiled.
“Still going on flirting even on your death’s door. Die! Snowflake Divine Spear!”
Xue Jia closed in on Jiang Chen, the latter did not retreat as he could face a Half-Step Divine King with the help of the Dragon Transformation. But he still had to be careful as his opponent wasn’t weak.
“Kill him, how could you leave me out? Haha.”
The Old Toad came from the side as he closed in on Xue Jia. Xue Jia was instantly pushed back by Jiang Chen and the Old Toad as the Heavenly Dragon Sword managed to push his trusted spear back, not allowing him to gain an upper hand.
The Old Toad released toxic miasma around the field. The crumbling Eight Lineages Silver River was now filled with cries of agony from humans and demonic beasts alike, blood and corpses splattered all over the place, dying the whole Eight Lineages Silver River red. Life itself became worthless at this moment.
“Damned fella, all of you should die!” Xue Jia roared angrily.
Xue Jia felt pressured from Jiang Chen’s heavenly dragon’s prestige. He did not expect him to possess the dragon’s prestige.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2576 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2577


Chapter 2577
Yet the others force my hand
“To think you have such a terrifying true dragon prestige?”
Given how shocked he was, Xue Jia still had the wisdom to realize that his opponent wouldn’t allow him to rest. He took extreme caution as the Old Toad and Jiang Chen cooperated better as time went on. He was pushed back without a chance to retaliate.
“You still dare to be this presumptuous? Fusion of Dragon and Sword!”
Jiang Chen’s Fusion of Dragon and Sword made his dragon prestige much stronger, forcing Xue Jia towards the edge. The scent of death was much closer to him even without the Heavenly Palace Exterminating Formation.
One third of the humans and demonic beasts that were in the Eight Lineages Silver River were all dead.
The once magnificent and glorious Eight Lineages Silver River was gone. The remaining survivors were terrified of their life as the place was crumbling.
The giant golden sword cut through the sky, causing the stars to change its colour. Jiang Chen’s Fusion of Dragon and Sword made Xue Jia feel a great sense of danger, yet he was pinned down by the Old Toad unable to do a thing against Jiang Chen. Hence, Jiang Chen was able to unleash his attack to its fullest.
Xue Jia’s spear quickly pushed through his enemy. As it clashed against Jiang Chen’s Heavenly Dragon Sword, his spear was split into half. The Heavenly Divine Tool spear could not stand a chance against Jiang Chen’s blade.
“How can this be?” Xue Jia, stunned.
This weapon was his trusted spear that made him famous, yet it got shattered by a Heavenly God kid! It was outrageous.
The Old Toad took the opportunity to move towards Xue Jia when the latter was in a daze. He then heavily tackled Xue Jia, causing the latter to fly backwards, coughing out a mouthful of blood along the way.
Xue Jia quickly looked up but Jiang Chen’s Heavenly Dragon Sword was already in front of him and it then pierced through his chest. He then threw a punch and quickly back off with a grave injury.
Jiang Chen quickly followed without giving him a breather, launching the True Dragon Palm. It shattered the last defence of Xue Jia. The latter then flew backwards like a pebble.
“Piercing Heaven Poison!” The Old Toad coughed out a blood mist.
It was his blood essence, it’s lethality was evident.
Xue Jia was covered with poison blood mist; he’s heavily injured and poisoned. He had lost all his usual dominance. A Diving King expert had fallen to such a state.
“Toad, I curse you!!” Xue Jia gritted his teeth.
“Die.” The Old Toad wasn’t giving Xue Jia any chances.
He had already rushed towards Xue Jia without Jiang Chen.
“I’ll bring you down even if I die. The honour of a Diving King expert will not be tarnished!”
Xue Jia tackled towards the Old Toad like a meteor. The Old Toad exploded backwards, and blood and bones could be seen after that clash. He lost against Xue Jia even though the latter was gravely injured. Xue Jia’s explosive strength was nothing to scoff at.
Xue Jia was a Mid Diving King, how could he fall so easily?
*Cough*
The Old Toad got heavily injured after that clash. Xue Jia then stepped on the Old Toad’s dying body with great difficulty.
Jiang Chen stood silently in the sky. Yan Qingcheng glanced at him with a shocking gaze. Why isn’t he helping him?
“Jiang Chen, save me…” The Old Toad said in a hoarse voice as his breathing became weaker by the second.
“When the dog is beaten, the lion is tamed.” Jiang Chen said indifferently.
“You mean… ”
Yan Qingcheng looked at Jiang Chen with complicated eyes. The Old Toad was a great comrade of his just a while ago, but now, Jiang Chen seemed ungrateful. Yan Qingcheng couldn’t understand him.
“I never planned to save him.” Jiang Chen said.
“Blue-eyed Azure Flower Toad, you ate my Azure Spirit Pill and completed your mission in the Eight Lineages Silver River for me. Now, you go in peace. I killed your son.” Jiang Chen said coldly, without a shred of pity.
It was just an end.
He was not kindhearted and will not simply show kindness. He will kill those who deserved to be killed and he will not simply harm the innocent. The Blue-eyed Azure Flower Toad Jr died because of his action, Jiang Chen cares not for how many men or demonic beasts he killed. He too did not feel anything for this Blue-eyed Azure Flower Toad’s death. There are many with weak hearts but those who truly succeed will never be too calculative in these minor matters.
The Old Toad laughed bitterly as he looked at Jiang Chen with a lonely gaze. He was dying and there was nothing he could do. Jiang Chen told him the truth so that he could die without regrets. He hated Jiang Chen and felt sad and helpless for his son. But everything’s going to end, he will die and Xue Jia will follow him soon. The Eight Lineages Silver River would never go back to once it was.
“Die, so what. Hahaha, Jiang Chen, you too shall die. Your Azure Spirit Pill managed to trick me, I can only blame my own foolishness. This was all a play directed by you. ” Old Toad’s laugh was sad as his life faded away from his body.
Xue Jia was extremely angry as he became a scapegoat on this matter and his son died because of this, all of this because of Jiang Chen.
Jiang Chen always believed in karma. However he will not go against the Heavens nor follow its will, this was Jiang Chen.
“Such a great play, but the final winner is still not you.” Xue Jia smiled coldly.
He had disregarded his life now. His strength of a Mid Diving King was still nothing to scoff at. Jiang Chen could feel Xue Jia trying to make a move, trying to deal a lethal blow on him.
“We’ll never know who will have the last laugh.” Jiang Chen said with a smile.
“At least, it shouldn’t be you.”
Xue Jia once again leapt towards Jiang Chen with terrifying divine origin energy focusing on his fist, trying to deal a lethal blow on Jiang Chen!
Jiang Chen then used the Azure Dragon’s Five Steps!
Xue Jia couldn’t retaliate under the effect of the Azure Dragon’s Five Steps. Jiang Chen’s blade sliced towards his mighty fist and its dominating astral qi was cut apart by Jiang Chen’s blade, and a terrifying shock exploded in the air.
The instant Jiang Chen pushed Xue Jia back, he attracted Dou Hongming’s attention. Now that Jiang Chen had defeated all the experts, only Yan Qingcheng and him were left. The remaining ones were all small fries, nothing that he should worry about.
“I never wanted to kill, yet the others forced my hand.” Jiang Chen said coldly.
Yan Qingcheng who was standing behind him felt that his mind and heart was complicated, he’s not a simple man.
Yan Qingcheng found him hard to accept and understand no matter how deeply in love he was.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2577 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2578


Chapter 2578
Monstrous Fella!
“You’re right, it’s a pity, this Heavenly Palace Exterminating Formation will unceasingly contract your formation. The heaven and earth will crumble, the sea will dry up, stones crumble, the shore, the floras, the faunas, everything shall perish, all of you shall perish! Hahaha.”
Dou Hongming was the ultimate beneficiary. Jiang Chen fought until the end and yet he was still stuck inside the Heavenly Palace Exterminating Formation with his life hanging on a thread.
“Do you really think that this Heavenly Palace Exterminating Formation could trap me and the others?” Jiang Chen pointed towards Dou Hongming with a cold smile.
Both of their confidence were off the roof. Jiang Chen refused to believe that this formation was unbreakable yetDou Hongming also refused to believe that Jiang Chen could break his hundred years of effort.
“My Battle God Clan is the best in the art of formation, what about you? To break through my hundred years of effort? Keep dreaming. Hahaha! There are less than five people who can surpass me in the art of formation in the Lone Dragon County. But even they could not destroy my Heavenly Palace Exterminating Formation in such a short amount of time. What do you have to destroy my 100 years of blood, sweat, and tears? ”
Dou Hongming looked at Jiang Chen with disdain. Young and reckless, it’s a pity that he thought he’s something else.
“I refuse to believe that anyone could stop me!” Jiang Chen laughed.
A dominating aura coursed through his body, he must break through this Heavenly Palace Exterminating Formation!!
Jiang Chen stood in front of Yan Qingcheng to protect her. Yan Qingcheng felt somewhat amused as she watched Jiang Chen’s confidence rise sky high. To think a meticulous man like him has such a temperament, somewhat arrogant and conceited. It should be said that this Heavenly Palace Exterminating Formation made Yan Qingcheng feel somewhat threatened.
The Eight Lineages Silver River has lost all its previous glory. Now, it’s just a wasteland, as corpses were lying all over the place.
Jiang Chen analysed the Heavenly Palace Exterminating Formation with the No Beginning Formation, which made his impression of Dou Hongming become greater. This fella’s definitely a great master in the art of formation. He thoroughly perfected the Heavenly Palace Exterminating Formation, there seems to be no weakness anywhere. This Great Sect Protection Formation that has changed into an extinction formation, the final change of this formation is to devastate the whole Eight Lineages Silver River. This is Dou Hongming’s final plan.
“The art of formation. It is truly broad and profound.” Jiang Chen thought solemnly.
Although analysing the Heavenly Palace Exterminating Formation with the No Beginning Formation was slow, it was progressing nonetheless. His understanding of the Heavenly Palace Exterminating Formation was increasing as time went on, this formation was a great textbook material in the art of formation arrangement.
Jiang Chen had never seen such a terrifying formation arrangement: deathly traps everywhere, with only a single way out left for him but he still couldn’t find it no matter how hard he tried.
Countless people were buried along the Eight Lineages Silver River. Jiang Chen’s eyes became solemn, he refused to give up. This Heavenly Palace Exterminating Formation might not be able to kill him, but he doesn’t want Dou Hongming’s plot to go as planned, which was to obtain the Great Bright Lord’s Relic that was in Yan Qingcheng’s possession.
Although Jiang Chen doesn’t know what the Great Bright Lord’s Relic was, his heart moved when he thought how Dou Hongming planned and waited for a hundred years. However, it was already in Yan Qingcheng’s possession and Jiang Chen will not touch her stuff without permission.
The most important thing now was to protect his woman.
Jiang Chen gained massive knowledge with the help of the No Beginning Formation. It was like a silent teacher, giving him an abundance of knowledge. His understanding towards formations increased. Plus, this Heavenly Palace Exterminating Formation was like a living textbook, he could learn many formation arrangements from this and further improve his understanding on formation.
Dou Hongming was extremely confident. Jiang Chen closed his eyes and meditated. Although he looked confident, nobody knows whether he would be the last one smiling in the end. The might and terror of the Heavenly Palace Exterminating Formation could clearly be seen as half of the Eight Lineages Silver River had become a wasteland.
Yan Qingcheng stared at Jiang Chen, however, she did not place all her hopes on him. That would be akin to sitting around and waiting for one’s death. She didn’t want to die being trapped.
Yan Qingcheng moved like an agile rabbit, jumping across the crumbling Eight Lineages Silver River as she cut towards the sky. Clashing towards the Heavenly Palace Exterminating Formation, trying to break through it. In the end she flew back because of the counter force after countless attempts.
The Heavenly Palace Exterminating Formation was standing strong and she got heavily injured from the counter force.
Yan Qingcheng gritted her teeth, her face was pale. A sudden anger emerged within her, she didn’t feel safe as she had to put her life in the hands of others. Even though this man was trying his very best to save her.
Yan Qingcheng grabbed the Great Bright Lord’s Relic tightly in her palm. Not even her Half-Step Diving King cultivation could do her any good. Even though she’s just a step away from the Diving King Realm and she’s hundred times stronger than Xue Ying, she was still weak. She coughed out a mouthful of blood. Although she was slowly regaining her strength after Xue Jia’s death, she still didn’t have the strength to cut through heaven and earth.
Jiang Chen’s comprehension on things was monstrous. He started to find a way to solve the Heavenly Palace Exterminating Formation with the help of the No Beginning Formation. Although the Heavenly Palace Exterminating Formation was complicated, it wasn’t air-tight. He started to gain much more understanding on Dou Hongming’s formation after getting through three-layers of the formation. The Heavenly Palace Exterminating Formation… it’s just a matter of time.
“Dragon travels at the left shore, the earth spine as the mountain, three thousand seas, the cycle of reincarnation. A great Heavenly Palace Exterminating Formation, Hahaha, this formation, so that’s it, huh.”
Jiang Chen said as he leapt towards the sky, every step he took was a part of the formation base. Dou Hongming began to waver. Could this boy really break through my formation?
Time will prove it, Jiang Chen moved, each of his steps caused Dou Hongming to tremble.
Finally, Jiang Chen thoroughly understood the base of the Heavenly Palace Exterminating Formation. The Heavenly Palace Exterminating Formation will become a meaningless formation once his blade cuts through and destroys its formation base.
“Such a monstrous fella.”
Yan Qingcheng watched this scene in disbelief. She knew that Dou Hongming was getting anxious. Every slash of Jiang Chen was precise, forcing Dou Hongming to act, to defend for his formation.
“Hap!”
Jiang Chen cut through a hundred zhang mountainrock, thoroughly destroying it and the Heavenly Palace Exterminating Formation began to slightly tremble.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2578 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2579


Chapter 2579
Battle Formation Technique!
Dou Hongming’s eyes almost popped. This fella is a monster. My perfect Heavenly Palace Exterminating Formation, which took me a hundred years to perfect, he’s going to destroy it just like that?
“Second blade!”
Jiang Chen’s blade cut through the air. As the base of the formation was getting cut apart one after another, Jiang Chen was getting confident.
“I’ve said it before, nobody could hold me down.”
Jiang Chen looked at the sky proudly, like a divine dragon soaring through the sky.
“You forced my hand.” Dou Hongming’s expression became dark as he gritted his teeth and said.
His eyes became cold as if he had made a very important decision.
Jiang Chen frowned.
“What does he want to do?”
This Heavenly Palace Exterminating Formation will collapse as long as he continues to cut down those bases and Dou Hongming will be defeated afterwards. This formation was not under Dou Hongming’s control but was supported by the heavens and the earth’s energy. The formation will dissipate along with the destruction of the formation base. However, Dou Hongming seemed to be much more determined now.
“By the pledge of the Battle God Clan, I shouldn’t use the Battle Formation Technique, ever. But for the sake of the Great Bright Lord’s Relic. Today, I shall fight until the end. Battle Formation Technique, Battle Formation Heavenly Palace!” Dou Hongming murmured as he formed seals after seals with his hands.
A terrifying qi wave descended upon the place, the shaky Heavenly Palace Exterminating Formation suddenly fortified itself. The Battle Formation Technique was like an energy hoop as it surrounded the Heavenly Palace Exterminating Formation. The formation has just gained a massive boost.
Jiang Chen and Yan Qingcheng were shocked by this sudden wave of qi.
“Battle God Clan, Battle Formation Technique?” Jiang Chen questioned.
He could feel that this Battle Formation Technique was an ancient technique that could boost the power of a formation. The Heavenly Palace Exterminating Formation gained a massive boost after Dou Hongming used the Battle Formation Technique. As a result, Jiang Chen’s blade could not destroy the base of the Heavenly Palace Exterminating Formation anymore.
“What is that technique? How can it be this powerful?”
Jiang Chen gasped as he was really shocked inside. But at the same time, he understood that this Battle Formation Technique could boost one’s formation’s power, making one’s formation impenetrable. It’s similar to his Ancient Soaring Dragon Technique.
“I’ve heard that the Battle God Clan is an extremely ancient clan, famous for their formation art. This Dou Hongming is probably one of its clan members.” Yan Qingcheng said solemnly.
“Nobody could survive under the effect of the battle Formation Technique!” Dou Hongming shouted.
His expression became extremely ugly after using the Battle Formation Technique, his face was pale as he staggered, trying to stand properly. The Battle Formation Technique took all of his divine energy, now he’s at his weakest state. But under the effect of the Battle Formation Technique, nobody could survive the Heavenly Palace Exterminating Formation anymore.
It was akin to armageddon within the formation as countless mountains and rocks were falling upon the survivors.
Jiang Chen then moved with haste and care, cutting through the place with his trustee blade, however, those formation bases couldn’t be destroyed anymore. He then realised that the Battle Formation Technique had surpassed his expectation. Could I reach a new height if I obtain this Battle Formation Technique?
Jiang Chen lost his greatest support after he lost the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda. But he also knew that he needed to grow stronger as soon as possible, especially now that Yan Qingcheng is in the Divine Realm, he cannot dawdle anymore. When a sticky situation arises, it would be his greatest regret if he couldn’t protect his loved ones.
To cut the heavens in a single slash, for the sake of reaching the supreme realm, Jiang Chen had rid himself of all useless thought. However, his closed ones were his Achilles heel and he had to protect them. No matter if it was Yan Chenyun or Wu Ningzhu, he didn’t want them to see him in such a miserable state in the Divine World. One day, in the future, he shall stand on the peak and look down upon all mortals.
Now, the one behind him was one of them. It doesn’t matter if she had forgotten him, but he will never forget Yan Qingcheng’s love. How could he watch her get hurt?
“I still couldn’t unleash the No Beginning Formation. But a part of that formation should be able to withstand the Heavenly Palace Exterminating Formation. Battle Formation Technique, I am curious about you now.” Jiang Chen thought.
Could he unleash a part of the No Beginning Formation and take on the Battle Formation Technique?
“Are you okay?” Yan Qingcheng whispered.
Jiang Chen shivered as his expression became heavy. How can a man say he’s not okay? Especially in front of his own woman.
“I am absolutely fine!”
Although Jiang Chen hasn’t understood the No Beginning Formation yet, he could still use 1% of the formation’s power. It was already powerful enough as it could steal the essence of the heavens and earth. It was still unknown whether it would work against the Heavenly Palace Exterminating Formation, however.
Jiang Chen still has some cards to withstand the Heavenly Palace Exterminating Formation even if the No Beginning Formation failed. He just didn’t want to appear miserable in front of Yan Qingcheng as he had to win her heart now.
Jiang Chen rushed forward and the No Beginning Formation formed an impenetrable area. Although incomplete, it was able to withstand Dou Hongming’s Battle Formation Technique, Heavenly Palace Exterminating Formation.
Looks like Jiang Chen’s No Beginning Formation worked.
On the corner of the No Beginning Formation, She Zhen and the others were shocked by what they were witnessing, much more shocked than what Jiang Chen was feeling. Because Jiang Chen couldn’t feel their despair, their despair of seeing countless corpses in the Heavenly Palace Exterminating Formation. They didn’t know whether Jiang Chen could save them all or not.
The despair and helplessness of the lowest class, their eyes were filled with the desire to live.
Jiang Chen was barely hanging on while maintaining the No Beginning Formation. He was forcing himself to complete this feat. To completely unleash the formation, one needs to be at least at the Early Divine Emperor Realm.
“Impossible, utterly impossible! What is this formation? To think it could ignore my Heavenly Palace Exterminating Formation, not even the Battle Formation Technique. I refuse to believe it, I cannot believe it!”
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2579 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2580


Chapter 2580
The terrifying Battle God Clan
Dou Hongming was extremely angry, even somewhat hysteric, he refused to believe that his 100 years of effort just for this very moment would be wasted, and the Battle Formation Technique that he had never shown before was forced out. However, it still wasn’t enough to beat that fucking brat’s formation apart. Such sarcasm… Dou Hongming was speechless.
“Well? Now you know. You can’t even destroy a mere part of my formation, who gave you the right to flaunt?” Jiang Chen sneered.
Although he also wasn’t feeling good right now as it wasn’t easy to maintain the No Beginning Formation. However, he couldn’t lose face in front of his woman.
“Sigh, The heavens are really jealous of geniuses. I sympathize with you but it’s a pity that you’re not my match. You’re not a match against me in terms of the art of formation. You’re average at best, I, for one, am too radiant. I am to blame, I am to blame.” Jiang Chen said.
Dou Hongming gritted his teeth as he couldn’t retort.
*Cough! Cough! Cough…*
Dou Hongming coughed three mouthfuls of blood. To think the Heavenly Palace Exterminating Formation couldn’t even break a corner of that formation. Jiang Chen’s act angered him further as his effort went to waste. His face became pale as he fell to the ground, gasping for air as he kneeled on one knee, staring at Jiang Chen coldly.
“You… you… you… I cannot accept this! What is this formation? My Heavenly Palace Exterminating Formation that I’ve spent a hundred years on could do nothing against it.”
Dou Hongming shivered as he was thoroughly disappointed. But he still wanted to know what that formation was.
“This formation of mine is very simple. Listen, this formation’s name is Iceberg Formation.” Jiang Chen said solemnly.
“Iceberg Formation? To think I’ve never heard of it before, the world surely is big, I, Dou Hongming, am too shallow.” Dou Hongming gave Jiang Chen a serious glance.
“Ain’t that right. You only saw the tip of the iceberg and you dare brag that you’re the best in the Lone Dragon County in terms of formation art? This is hilarious.” Jiang Chen taunted.
Dou Hongming was now at his weakest state and his life was shaved further thanks to Jiang Chen’s taunts.
“The tip of an iceberg, the tip of an iceberg… .” Dou Hongming murmured.
At this moment, he really wanted to defeat Jiang Chen but he got shamed towards the end, not knowing what the tip of the iceberg meant, it was truly shameful.
“To think that a formation expert of the great Battle God Clan lost to someone like you, Argh!” Dou Hongming shouted as he couldn’t accept the result.
The Heavenly Palace Exterminating Formation had destroyed the Eight Lineages Silver River. Other than the humans saved by Jiang Chen, all the others who came to the Eight Lineages Silver River died.
As the dust settled, icy rivers and mountains became flat and the whole Eight Lineages Silver River had lost its previous magnificence.
“It feels like we’ve survived through a disaster.” Li Peng said.
They finally saw the hope of survival. Everyone saw their doom coming upon them when the sky collapsed, and they couldn’t help but feel lucky after surviving through all of that.
“Benefactor shall become the one I shall pursue.” Li Lei said.
Everyone felt gratitude towards Jiang Chen, except for Yan Qingcheng.
“Your methods and techniques are certainly extraordinary.” Yan Qingcheng said.
Jiang Chen looked at Yan Qingcheng. Even though he couldn’t guess what she was thinking, he was prepared to pursue her back once again as he will repay what she did in the past.
Jiang Chen smiled and shrugged.
“For a trash like him, it’s as easy as taking candy from a baby.”
“Was it?” Yan Qingcheng laughed coldly.
The way she looked at Jiang Chen was now filled with kindness and tenderness.
“Weak, too weak. Very weak.” Jiang Chen gave Dou Hongming another shot.
*Cough! Cough! Cough…*
Dou Hongming coughed another mouthful of blood once again. Jiang Chen thought that Dou Hongming must’ve coughed out all his blood. Jiang Chen’s taunt really made Hongming think that he’s trash. His knowledge in the formation had really gone down the drain, to not know what’s the tip of the iceberg means.
“You’re not dead yet? Great, I’m interested in your Battle Formation Technique. Tell me, what is this Battle Formation Technique?” Jiang Chen said.
He had planned to get his hands on Dou Hongming’s Battle Formation Technique and it’ll surely improve his strength.
“Don’t dream of getting any information out of me.” Dou Hongming said.
He was already shamed by Jiang Chen and he will certainly not utter a single word to him.
“Aren’t you afraid of death?” Jiang Chen smiled.
“The Northern Cold Divine Region will not forgive you if you dare kill me.” Dou Hongming said confidently.
“Because of the Battle God Clan.” Yan Qingcheng looked at Dou Hongming and said quietly.
“To think you know of the Battle God Clan?”
Dou Hongming was slightly shocked. However, this gave him confidence and he became prideful.
Jiang Chen was slightly shocked. The Battle God Clan, sounds like a powerful clan and Dou Hongming implied that he’ll go against the whole Northern Cold Divine Region if he killed him. It doesn’t look like a threat but confidence.
“If I’m right, the Battle God Clan is the greatest clan in the Northern Cold Divine Region. The one that is on par with the Luo God Clan. Right?” Yan Qingcheng said.
She had heard that the Battle God Clan’s power dates back to 10,000 years ago, it’s just that the Luo God Clan kept getting stronger and more people knew about them.
“The Battle God Clan is on par with the Luo God Clan? It’s just that us Battle God Clan like to lay low. Don’t you know that? Chet.”
However, this didn’t make Jiang Chen fearful, especially someone like him, he’ll get whatever he wants, no matter what it takes.
“The Luo God Clan cannot be compared to our Battle God Clan! If any of you dares to touch me, the Battle God Clan shall place a hit towards the end of your life, eliminating even your chance to reincarnate.” Dou Hongming said proudly, as if he’s royalty.
“A loser dares to spout such nonsense? I can butcher you like butchering a chicken! I’ll kill you today because of what you said!!”Jiang Chen’s eyes became cold as he hated people threatening him.
He raised his arm and the Heavenly Dragon Sword shone. Dou Hongming shrieked and his head separated from his body.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2580 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2581


I Love You, There’s No Doubt About It
“You’re being too reckless.”
Yan Qingcheng heaved a sigh, showing a shade of bitterness in her eyes. Jiang Chen’s strike was extremely fast, even though she had no time to stop him from killing Dou Hongming.
Jiang Chen looked calm. He threw a faint smile at Yan Qingcheng and said:
“There is no indecision or hesitation in my life and I hate being threatened. I feel satisfied after killing him as he was supposed to die. Most of the people and beasts died in the Heavenly Palace Exterminating Formation so I think he truly deserved the punishment, I am just carrying out God’s will now.”
Yan Qingcheng shook her head.
“The power of Battle God Clan is not as small as what you thought. The position of this guy in the Battle God Clan is not merely an ordinary person. It indicates that he can still place his reliance upon the Battle God Clan and that is why he looked confident. Besides, it is also well-known that the Battle God Clane always shields one’s shortcomings. I have heard that there was a person from one of the greatest sects of a particular boundary who offended a young disciple of the Battle God Clan. Eventually, the whole family of that person was annihilated brutally and it made everyone frightened. Since you have offended the Battle God Clan, you will definitely be chased by them sooner or later. Even though the Battle God Clan does not pay attention to the world, countless great sects seem unduly reticent of them and even are afraid of them. By now, the Battle God Clan has certainly been aware of his death so I advise you to think about how to deal with them later.”
“I am going to face the soldiers with arms and water with an earth weir. I don’t care that much. I can do anything as long as I am happy with that. There is no one on earth I am afraid of.”
Yan Qing Cheng gazed at Jiang Chen with sympathy while Jiang Chen shrugged his shoulder, showing no concern about it. He was holding Dou Hongming’s Storage Ring in his hand and wiped out all the memories on it. Jiang Chen took a look at his Storage Ring and realized that this guy had very little belongings. There was nothing interesting other than Divine Origin Stones.
“The Summary of Formation ?”
Jiang Chen’s eyes were shimmering with a gleam of light. Although Dou Hongming was not considered as one of the strongest experts, his formation skills and experiences would be very beneficial and helpful to him. Even though the No Beginning Formation enhanced his understanding of formations and improved his formation skills, Dou Hongming’s formation skills would certainly help him in smoothing away the problem that he had been encountered in making formation. And there was no doubt that it could avoid him from taking some wrong path.
The Summary of Formation was extremely important to Jiang Chen. Otherwise, he would struggle in taking the next step and he would have a hard time in making a breakthrough in his formation skill. It was not easy for him to learn the No Beginning Formation by himself without a master. However, Dou Hongming’s summary of the formation was definitely the best choice for him if he wished to make the No Beginning Formation to become perfect and unbeatable.
“Where is the Dou Formation Technique?”
Jiang Chen wore a frown on his face. He was searching in the Storage Ring and found a white-jaded nameplate which was written in three black words, it was Dou Formation Technique!
Finally, I found you! Jiang Chen looked delighted as this Dou Formation Technique was extremely important for him. That’s because it is something that could protect himself. If he could apply this formation in an appropriate way, it would be a perfect formation which could shock the universe with astounding skills. Moreover, it would be more astonishing if his No Beginning Formation was enhanced by the Dou Formation Technique, even if the Fusion of Lightning could not be used in the Duo Formation Technique. However, the result would be unpredictable if three kinds of lightning were fused together.
But Jiang Chen was confident. If four kinds of Lightnings were merged, it could possibly override the Dou Formation Technique. But the problem was that it was impossible for him to own more lightning at the moment as he only owned the Dawn Sky Golden Lightning and Nine Stars Heavenly Tribulation Lightning. Therefore, this formation was exceedingly important for him to enhance his strength to another level.
In other words, this Dou Formation Technique would be one of the strongest cards which could make a stunning turnaround and astonish everyone. Even if he met a Divine King expert, a normal formation and the enhancement of the Dou Formation Technique would be enough to make a perfect counter attack.
It was just because the Dou Formation Technique did not exert its true power in Dou Hongming’s hand.
Jiang Chen kept Dou Hongming’s Storage Ring carefully. Yan Qingcheng and the others witnessed his action, and she smiled without saying a word. Since Jiang Chen had saved all of them, Yan Qingcheng had nothing to say about it.
Jiang Chen raised his head and fixed his gaze at Yan Qingcheng, which startled her and she then held the Great Bright Lord’s Relic tightly in her hand. Jiang Chen could feel that she was nervous at the moment as his glance looked aggressive and threatening. How could she possibly let down her guard? How could she remain calm when there was a man staring at her without blinking his eyes?
“What’s wrong? Finally you’re showing your cloven hoof now. Are you here for the Great Bright Lord’s Relic?” Yan Qingcheng said coldly.
“The Great Bright Lord’s Relic is truly important to me.”
Jiang Chen declared.
Yan Qingcheng’s heart was trembling. It was what she had expected, he came prepared this time. She was just too naive to believe that he would give up on the Great Bright Lord’s Relic for her.
“But even if there are thousands of Great Bright Lord’s Relic, it will be just a broken stone for me when compared with you.”
Jiang Chen turned the conversation. His words made Yan Qingcheng feel astonished, shocked and doubtful.
“Aren’t you planning to snatch the Great Bright Lord’s Relic from me?”
“You’re definitely playing the most important role in my heart. I would like to swear to god that I am not coveting the Great Bright Lord’s Relic. But there’s a thing I have to confess.”
“What’s that about?”
Yan Qingcheng raised her eyebrows. This guy was just mysterious and unpredictable to her.
“I love you, there’s no doubt about it.”
Jiang Chen said softly. Yan Qingcheng had expected it to happen but she still failed to act naturally. She gazed into the distance and fell silent.
“What are you going to do now?”
Jiang Chen asked.
“I will be going back to the Qilian Region, the place that I belong to.”
Yan Qingcheng looked back nostalgically.
“The place where you belong, where is it? Where did you come from and where are you planning to go?”
It seemed like Jiang Chen awaited her answer with impatience.
“You’re asking too much. It is your own business for loving me, it does not matter to me. You better not follow me, I hate when I’m followed.”
Yan Qingcheng finished her words, turned her back and disappeared in the void.
“Brother She, thanks for accompanying me throughout the journey in Tian Qi Mountain Range. I wish that we could meet someday.”
Jiang Chen glanced at She Zhen with a faint smile.
“You could go anywhere with your own power. It doesn’t really matter to me.”
She Zhen smiled bitterly.
“After the battle, we have benefited much and our strength has improved greatly as well. So we planned to stay in the Tian Qi Mountain Range. You can just come back here whenever you miss us. Let’s have a nice chat when you’re back.”
A smile overspread Li Lei’s face. His straightforwardness and overbearing aura made everyone feel pleased. He knew that Jiang Chen was a dragon in the nine heavens and he would never stay in one place. While the Qilian Region or even the Lone Dragon County would be the real stage where he could shine brightly.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2581 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2582


Chapter 2582
The Eagle Which Soared in the Nine Heavens
Only the vast world could accommodate Jiang Chen who shone with a boundless radiance.
“Alright.”
Jiang Chen waved farewell to She Zhen, Li Peng and the others. He had benefited greatly in this journey. Whether it’s the summary of the formation or Dou Formation Technique, they had profoundly boosted his understanding of the formation and his power had achieved a significant improvement. He could even breakthrough to the Late Heavenly God Realm at any time, it is merely a matter of time. However, the foundations that he needed to build before reaching the Divine King Realm would be absolutely critical if he wished everything to run smoothly and move towards success gradually.
Jiang Chen’s heart was ready to start another new journey but perhaps he would be back here again someday. It was a pity that the mysterious background of the sealed Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine and the bleakness of Feng Qiuhuang was utterly unknown so far.
A melodious sound of a flute followed by the harmonies of the lutes while the eagles were soaring in and cleaving the vast sky. Jiang Chen’s determination to continue his journey was growing stronger. He then turned around and murmured under his breath.
“Looking back upon the mountains, the eagle has soared in the sky. I am still immersed in the journey of Tian Qi Mountain Range and the melodies are distracting my mind. In the future, when I come back again I will definitely become invincible.”
Jiang Chen’s voice echoed through the void, reverberating among the forest and mountains.
Hundreds of birds were singing while the entire heaven was trembling.
Jiang Chen left while She Zhen, the Li Lei brothers and the rest chose to stay at this place.
Before winter came, the maple leaves were tinged with autumn red, falling on the mountains and spreading over the dales. The Eight Lineages eventually collapsed. Li Peng was holding the long spear in his hand, sweeping across the water with an overbearing and overwhelming spirit.
Li Peng raised his head and looked at the peak of the mountain in the distance. There was a long shadow of a lady reflected in the southeast, full of loneliness and desolation.
“It has been a year. Are you still waiting for him? Why are you looking depressed and sorrowful by loving someone?” Li Peng said lightly.
He would be full of jealousy if the man was someone else. However, he realized that the person she missed was Jiang Chen, a man who was supposed to stay on the peak. How could he be jealous of the person he also admired in his life? However, even if she had someone in her mind, he knew that this lady meant the world to him.
“I don’t like him, I just can’t erase him from my mind.”
She Xinying said in a low voice and her eyes were blinking. The shadow remained in her heart for a long time. However, the legend already left her and disappeared into heaven.
“Then, you’re……”
Li Peng was confused
She Xinying turned and looked back with a smile. She took a glance at Li Peng and disappeared in the dense bamboo woods with a graceful shadow.
At the moment, Jiang Chen stepped out of the Tian Qi Mountain Range. His strength had reached the Late Heavenly God Realm in just a year. Two thousand beasts and spirits of Late Heavenly Gods kept challenging his capability and his skills achieved mastery. He restrained his own power and cultivated his foundation. At the moment, his power was beyond all of them.
How terrifying would the power be when two thousand Late Heavenly God beasts and spirits were devoured by him? Even Divine Kings would be frightened with this kind of tremendous energy.
The howling of the tiger echoed through the mountain and forest while the dragons were soaring in the nine heavens. The moment that Jiang Chen stepped out of the Tian Qi Mountain Range, he regained his freedom which made him feel like the fish leap in the wide sea and the birds flying freely in the vast sky. No matter where he went, a Late Heavenly God would be considered as a real invincible master. Jiang Chen would be capable of having a fair and square fight even if he met a Divine King expert at the moment. Besides, he had completely learned the Summary of Formation that Dou Hongming had left in just a year. Now he could even launch a perfect formation which was way better and stronger than before. Not only that, he had achieved Third Star of the Dou Formation Technique.
The Dou Formation Technique was divided into Seven Stars of the Dipper. The First Star was the foundation and the Fifth Star would be the intermediate level. When the Sixth Star is achieved, the Elemental Dou Formation Technique would be able to give a shock to the universe and the Seven Star of Elemental Dou Formation Technique could change the position of the stars which enforced the formation to true perfection. That was the most terrifying skill.
Unfortunately, the Dou Formation Technique that Jiang Chen owned only allowed him to cultivate his skills until the Fifth Star. In other words, he could only exert the power of Level Five. The remaining Sixth Star of Elemental Dou Formation Technique and the Seventh Star still belonged to the Battle God Clan. As such, he imagined that he would be torn apart the moment when he met the Battle God Clan.
Although Jiang Chen was not afraid of the Battle God Clan, his strength was nothing compared with them. The situation was like a mantis trying to stop a chariot which was totally meaningless. He would never have the chance to strike back.
The Qilian Boundary was one of the strongest boundaries in the Lone Dragon County’s twenty seven boundaries. It was paralleled with the Heavenly Star Boundary, Long Live Boundary and Mo He Boundary. The Ling Jue City was one of the largest cities in the Qilian Boundary and countless of mighty strong sects were within thousand miles of the Ling Jue City, which is also known as the true greatest city with numerous disciples.
“Have you guys heard that the Profound Connection Divine Palace is planning for something big. I am afraid that it would give a shock to the entire Qilian Boundary.”
“That is inevitable. Can’t you see the position of Ling Jue City by now? It is destined to stir a storm in the Profound Connection Divine Palace, Lone Dragon County, Qilian Boundary and Ling Jue City.”
“It’s said that the Lord of Reverends of the Nine Boundaries will all assemble in the Ling Jue City as the Profound Connection Divine Palace made an offer which was tempting and everyone couldn’t refuse. The disciples from all around the world will definitely be gathered here.”
“Who are the Lord of Reverends of the Nine Boundaries that you mentioned? I have been living in this Ling Jue City for more than hundreds years but I have never heard of them.”
“You really look like a fool. How could you know nothing about the Lord of Reverends of Nine Boundaries？ There are nine main boundaries and twenty seven minor boundaries in Lone Dragon County. For every nine boundaries, they are under the rule of one Lord of Reverend. The Lord of Reverend of the Nine boundaries included the Lord of Reverend of Heavenly Star Boundary, Qilian Boundary and Mo He Boundary respectively. The Long Live Boundary is supposed to be known as one of the Lord of Reverends previously but Long Live Boundary shows no interest with power and authority. Thus, it lowered its position and combined with the Mo He Boundary eventually. So, the Mo He Boundary is the most terrifying boundary among them. The Long Live Boundary, meanwhile, has formidable force, hence they should not be treated lightly by the other two boundaries’ Lord of Reverend . That is how the Long Live Boundary gained their honourable fame.”
A swordsman who was holding a folding fan said it with a smile. He looked confident and he seemed to know the Lord of Reverends of the Nine Boundaries like the back of his hand.
“I heard that the adopted daughter of the Mo He Boundary will be here as well. Then the strongest experts in Nine Boundaries will be gathered here in one city. Although it is just the elite conference of the Qilian Boundary, I believe that no one will miss out the Profound Connection Divine Palace. That is a place that everyone desperately wants to get in after all.
Jiang Chen put down the cup slowly and he fixed his glance at the moment.
“It seems like our fate is really amazing.”
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2582 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2583


Sword Piercing through The Sky, Heart And Sword as One
“She’s stunningly gorgeous and her beauty could overthrow cities. That’s why she is the real precious blue eyed girl.”
“You’re right. I heard on the news that the adopted daughter of the Lord of Reverend of the Nine Boundaries will set foot in the Profound Connection Divine Palace again this time in order to achieve some notable merits for the sake of the Lord of Reverend.”
“You could only admire and appreciate the real blue eyed girl in the distance. I think we will never be able to meet her even though we’re getting out of our way to approach her.”
“Well, I would like to see how gorgeous the most beautiful fairy in the Lone Dragon County is.”
Jiang Chen was quite certain that the adopted daughter of the Lord of Reverend of the Nine Boundaries had something to do with Yan Qingcheng. She told him that she would be going back to the Qilian Boundary and he knew that his beloved girl would be the center of attention. But he wondered about the relationship between the Lord of Reverend of the Nine Boundaries and the Profound Connection Divine Palace.
Jiang Chen raised his eyebrow. What exactly was this place? Everyone in the Qilian Boundary was willing to move heaven and earth to enter this place. So he was sure that the Lord of Reverends of the Nine Boundaries were thinking the same. Compared with the greatest sects in the Qilian Boundary, the Profound Connection Divine Palace was relatively mysterious and complicated.
The Qilian Boundary was several times larger than the Linhe Boundary. Moreover, he believed that those Qilians lords who were called Lord of Reverends would be invincible figures as well. It was a world of difference between those in the Linhe Boundary and the Qilian Boundary.
It seemed like he was determined to pay a visit to the Profound Connection Divine Palace.
“Hey beggar, stop distracting me from enjoying my drinks.”
A young handsome guy, who was holding a green sword in his hand, said. He was full of overwhelming aura. He was kicking off the table of a middle-aged man and smashed it to pieces wildly in the wine shop.
The middle-aged man, clothed in sackcloth, carried a broken green steely sword on his back. The blade of his sword was covered with chips which looked almost worthless, not even a False Divine Tool.
There was a stubble of a beard stippled over his jaws, which made him look dull and lost. He was holding a huge wine bottle with his hand. When the young handsome guy booted the table in front of him, he did not even protect himself but instead hugged the wine bottle in his arms. Even though he got beat up by the young guy, he was still hugging the wine bottle tightly in his arms and continued drinking his wine.
“Damn! Are you trying to ignore me? Do you know who I am?”
The young guy got up suddenly, throwing a cold glance at the shaggy middle-aged man who was covered with sackcloth.
“Just forget about it, fellow. He is just a beggar who is not even at the Heavenly God realm. Why should you breath down his neck?”
A green-clothed lady who wore her hair in two braids laughed loudly.
“We’re going to the east region later. Just stop causing any trouble now.”
Another young staid guy said in a low voice.
“You’re just lucky this time, stinky beggar. Otherwise I swear to kill you. Humph. You’re lucky that our Eastern Emperor Sect never kills the ordinary.”
Jiang Chen looked at that middle-aged man and his eyes were turning sharp suddenly.
There were only three gangs of them staying in the garret, Jiang Chen, the middle-aged man and the three young guys. That’s because the others had settled their bills and left quickly when the young handsome guy struck out.
“So all of you are from the Eastern Emperor Sect?”
The middle-aged man’s eyes looked cold and gloomy instantly, even full of killing intent.
“Beats me if you knew that. I am Donghuang Fanghua from the Eastern Emperor Sect.”
The young handsome guy laughed coldly and talked down to the slovenly middle-aged man. He was being extremely arrogant and disrespectful.
Jiang Chen sneered. He was given a girly name, no wonder his appearance was so effeminate and he’s acting girly. However, the middle-aged man asked impatiently before  Fang Hua pointed his sword at Jiang Chen.
“Three of you?”
“Do you want to refuse a toast only to drink a forfeit? We don’t want to make any trouble today, just get lost.”
The staid guy did not admit it but he had explained everything. It was normal for the three of them who were Middle Heavenly Gods to act rudely at a beggar who was not even a Heavenly God. However, they had something urgent to do so they did not mean to bring up unexpected troubles at the moment.
“It is true, then. Everyone from the Eastern Emperor Sect must die.”
The middle-aged man raised his head suddenly and the wine gourd in his hand was crackling. However, it was not broken into pieces as it was protected by Divine Strength.
Jiang Chen saw the strong killing intent in the middle-aged man’s eyes.
“You’re being too arrogant. It seems like I should teach you a lesson today or else you will never know how to be modest. It was truly a waste and extravagant for you to stay alive.”
Fang Hua from the Eastern Emperor Sect stepped forward and drew his sword. He was going to kill this shaggy middle-aged man.
“Perhaps I should’ve earlier.”
The middle-aged man murmured. He moved his palm and the sword immediately shone with a beam of sword’s light. The three of them were stunned for a second, even Jiang Chen felt slightly astonished. As the middle-aged man was holding that damaged green steely sword in his hand, Jiang Chen could feel a deathly silence. The moment that Jiang Chen turned his back, the three of them were all dead. He felt a tremble in his heart. That blow was too fast which made his sword’s skills inferior. But this middle-aged man had not even reached the Heavenly God Realm yet.
It gave Jiang Chen a shock. That sword was truly fast, it made him feel frightened even though he was already a formidable sword master who could exert the Man and Sword as One.
Although the three of them were not really strong enough, they were still Middle Heavenly Gods. It was unbelievable to watch them die without being able to strike back. The moment that the three of them collapsed, no trace of the sword on their necks was left which indicated that the sword was extremely fast like the flurry wind and flashing lightning.
Jiang Chen could feel that the middle-age man was not strong but he was able to cast this kind of terrible sword technique. Jiang Chen struggled to avoid the strong blow just now. He was curious about the legendary story behind him.
A sword was piercing through the sky, thousands of swords were soaring in the void. When it was struck out, it shocked the nine heavens.
Jiang Chen knew that his strength beat him hollow in sword techniques. Jiang Chen stared at his lonely shadow. He had never expected a man, who felt despair about life, was a sword master who was extremely incredible and dreadful.
The man’s eyes were filled with loneliness and desolation with a gloomy miserable spirit. Even though he looked like a mindless walking corpse, his sword skills were amazing and unbeatable.
Jiang Chen never showed respect or admiration to anyone but this slovenly middle-aged man impressed him.
“Heart and Sword as One!”
Jiang Chen murmured under his breath. This was the level that he had been dreaming of. The middle-aged man could cast the true Heart and Sword as One with ease. While Jiang Chen, who had experienced the Man and Sword as One and Heart and Sword as One, was still unable to exert the Heart and sword as one effectively until now.
The slovenly middle-aged man glanced at Jiang Chen. He held the wine gourd in his hand and left.
Jiang Chen tailed after the slovenly middle-aged man and left the western region of the Ling Jue City. The Ling Jue City was divided into Eastern, Western, Southern, and Northern regions. The western region was owned by the Eastern Emperor Sect. Since he killed the people from the Eastern Emperor Sect, he had no choice but to leave the place.
There were green hills and clear azure water. The slovenly middle-aged man turned and looked back as he felt someone was following him but he did not know who the person was.
“Are you trying to escape after killing people?”
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2583 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2584


Chapter 2584
Giving the Treasured Sword to the Hero
Jiang Chen looked at the slovenly middle-aged man. He was showing interest in this man.
“Why are you following me?”
The middle-aged man asked under his breath.
“Because I am curious about you.”
“I guess you’re not from the Profound Connection Divine Palace, right? Otherwise, you won’t follow me for so long. It is almost a thousand miles away.”
The middle-aged man was on guard against Jiang Chen.
“You’re right. I just wish to experience your sword skills once.”
Jiang Chen declared his intention of coming along. His purpose was just simple.
“That’s all?”
The slovenly middle-aged man was smiling while shaking his head.
“Yeah, that’s all.”
After finishing his words, the slovenly middle-aged man had a sip of the wine and continued his journey.
“That’s not up to you.”
Jiang Chen laughed coldly. He only wished to experience the sword skills of this slovenly middle-aged man. Although the terror of his sword skills might be beyond his expectation, Jiang Chen intended to make a perfect breakthrough as he had to do so. Since his sword skills were much inferior to this slovenly middle-aged man, so this man would be the critical person if he wished to seek an opportunity of improving his sword skills effectively.
Jiang Chen was moving across and soaring in the void. He did not draw out the Heavenly Dragon Sword but wielded one of his Supreme Divine Tools.
His sword was moving wickedly fast and kept popping up terribly. After all, he was more formidable and much superior than the middle-aged man.
The slovenly middle-aged man raised his eyebrow, his eyes looked extremely serious. Jiang Chen launched a strong and fierce offensive, dragons were soaring while the phoenixes were dancing. The shadows of his sword were spreading in the void, echoing through the sky.
The slovenly middle-aged man did not dare to treat him lightly. The moment that he showed his sword, it brought a tremendous strong threat to Jiang Chen. However, Jiang Chen was still able to remain calm and composed. There was still a huge difference in strength between him and the middle-aged man after all. Jiang Chen approached slowly and constantly attacked but the sword skills of the middle-aged man was way faster than Jiang Chen. Under the Heart and Sword as One, the speed and power were combined perfectly and reached its limits utterly.
The middle-aged man had made Jiang Chen look extremely anxious and serious. Jiang Chen was forced to show his Half-step Divine King Realm strength. The middle-aged man’s strength was not ordinary at all. Moreover, his sword was filled with magnificent and powerful spirit. Even though it was full of loneliness and desolation, Jiang Chen could feel the fury of his sword’s shadow at the same time.
Jiang Chen believed that there must be a reason that this slovenly middle-aged man’s life turned out this way. Perhaps he had suffered severe injuries and pains in the past.
Jiang Chen did not mean to hurt him but the sword skills that the slovenly middle-aged man cast had forced him to fight with all his strength several times. A faint smile overspread Jiang Chen’s face. From the beginning until now, the middle-aged man was defending passively as all the attack was exerted by the terrifying sword.
Trembling the world and devouring the universe. The sword was inevitable and unbeatable.
This was how Jiang Chen evaluated his strength.
“Man and Sword As One.”
Jiang Chen attacked and defended at the same time. He eventually defeated the middle-aged man by casting different sword skills. However he had shown seventy percent of his strength, gaining a huge benefit fighting hand-to-hand against his opponent. His sword skills were like the sparkling stars in the nine heavens. There was no one who could simply catch it, not even Jiang Chen.
Only thinking about the sword while the sword was staying in the heart. Is he reaching the highest level of Heart and Sword As One? Jiang Chen murmured. He was still confused and failed to understand the Heart and Sword as One thoroughly.
The slovenly middle-aged man drew a few steps backwards. He narrowed his eyes and said coldly.
“I am not your match after all.”
“Do you wish to kill yourself?”
Jiang Chen wore a frown on his face. He fixed his glance at this slovenly middle-aged man.
“Isn’t it important to pursue a meaningful life?”
The slovenly middle-aged man laughed bitterly. He sunk into despair and lost his hope.
“I don’t know what led to your ruin but you could definitely gain a great achievement by your own strength. I can tell you certainly that there is no one who could defeat me by now, even Divine Kings. You’re truly a genius of swords with an extraordinary talent. I have never met someone whose sword skills are superior to mine, I swear that you’re the only one.”
Jiang Chen felt kind of sorry for him.
“We are supposed to live with hopes and desires. If you lose your hope and basic needs, our life will just become meaningless.”
The slovenly middle-aged man said lightly.
“What has the Eastern Emperor Sect done to you?”
After knowing that the three of them were from the Eastern Emperor Sect, this guy killed them immediately without leaving any trace or expressing any sympathy. It showed that he was truly blind with hatred of the Eastern Emperor Sect.
“As long as I am alive, I swear to destroy and annihilate the Eastern Emperor Sect.”
“It’s fine if you’re not willing to tell me. I am not forcing you to do so but I just feel envious of your sword skills. So I wish to have an opportunity to exchange some skills and experience with you.”
Jiang Chen did not talk much as it was his private matter after all and he was just feeling sympathy with the slovenly middle-aged man. If this kind of talented swordsman could cultivate his skills and become an invincible sword master, he would be unbeatable and able to override the world.
Jiang Chen took a glance at the rusty green steel sword that the middle-aged man was holding. He laughed bitterly and threw his sword to the slovenly guy. The sword he threw was a Supreme Divine Tool and he had infused the Sword of Solitude completely into it. As it was a divine tool that he made by himself, he could wield this sword perfectly compared with other divine tool making masters. Jiang Chen was a swordsman who had been showing great interest in learning sword skills. Even though this sword was just a Supreme Divine Tool, its power was exceedingly strong which was even comparable with the normal Heavenly Divine Tools.
“What do you mean?”
The slovenly middle-aged man was slightly astonished.
“Please forgive me for offending you just now. This treasured sword belongs to the true hero. I believe that you will understand it better than me and you are the one who deserves it.”
This sword was known as the best quality sword among his one hundred and eight Supreme Divine Tools. However, Jiang Chen did not hesitate to give it to him.
“Sow nothing, reap nothing.”
Jiang Chen knew that this slovenly middle-aged man got attached to this sword. In the Divine King Realm, this sword would be able to accompany him for more than thousands of years. Of course, the premise was to owe the strength to break through the Divine King Realm.
“How about accompanying me to practice the sword skills for one month if you wish to pay for it?”
Jiang Chen laughed.
The slovenly middle-aged man remained silent and answered by a nod. But Jiang Chen knew that he loved this sword from the bottom of his heart. Jiang Chen did not felt regret at all as it was not that he did not deserve the sword, it was just because this sword was not good enough for him.
“I am Sword Saint.”
The slovenly middle-aged man said under his breath and Jiang Chen nodded his head. He deserved the name, Sword Saint. The master of the sword who was unbeatable and invincible. The name as a sword master was what he had been pursuing in his whole life.
“My name is called Sword Saint, it is not that I call myself as a Sword Saint.”
“I knew that.”
Jiang Chen held his sword and stood up once again. He had been practicing sword skills with Sword Saint on the peak of the mountains and in the depths of the forest. Jiang Chen did not take a rest this month.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2584 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2585


The Eastern Emperor Sect
Within this month, Jiang Chen had taken thirty recovery pills. Otherwise, he would not be able to look fine after practising his sword skills without rest or sleep. Not only the Supreme-grade Medicinal Pill, the Wooden Spirit had also helped him recover fast. However, it was an extremely terrifying practice for Sword Saint.
In this month, Jiang Chen’s sword skill had improved tremendously. Although he did not achieve the Heart and Sword merging into one,  his technique was way stronger than before. In terms of sword skill, Jiang Chen could not help but express his profound admiration and respect for Sword Saint. Sword Saint had been practising and delving into the sword skills but had lost himself in practising, making him end up like this. However, he was not a failure as his sword skills were just invincibly strong and unbeatable. Sword Saint was definitely a name he was worthy of.
When the sword struck out, even a Divine King would feel frightened. Thousands of swords soared in the sky without shattering the earth and heaven, that was the highest level of the sword skills. Heart and Sword merging into one was what he had been pursuing all his life. Sword Saint was obsessed with the sword, addicted to the sword and Jiang Chen believed that he would definitely make a name for himself eventually. If his invincible talent was discovered by those great sects, he would become a terrifying existence which could shock the entire Qilian Boundary. His stunning talent would frighten the universe.
Jiang Chen had learned much from Sword Saint and the debt of gratitude that he owed him could not be repaid with a sword. This was just his intention of making Sword Saint accept his sword in return comfortably.
After one month, Sword Saint accepted Jiang Chen’s divine sword gladly. Even though Sword Saint had a ghastly and miserable life, his obsession and dedication to the sword was extremely strong. Otherwise, he would not be attracted to the divine sword that Jiang Chen gave.
During this month, Sword Saint did not talk much but focused on practising sword skill with Jiang Chen with profound attention. Jiang Chen’s understanding of sword skills was something that he had never heard of. Although Jiang Chen’s sword skills were slightly inferior to him, he still learned a lot from Jiang Chen.
“Just tell me if you need my help.”
Jiang Chen glanced at Sword Saint and said before departing.
“Thank you. I used to live alone and I will never be able to repay the gratitude of this sword. I hope that we could meet again someday.”
Jiang Chen was showing his empathy and pity for Sword Saint. An incredible strong  swordsman like him would definitely make the swordsmen all around the world bow in worship before him.
The sword meant the world to Sword Saint. He was absolutely obsessed with it and his dedication to the sword would never change. Practising the sword wholeheartedly and his determination was the strongest in the world. But Jiang Chen knew that Sword Saint’s heart was full of sorrow and grief. Perhaps the weight of sorrow would become a kind of motivation to make him move forward. Or else, it would make him indulge in failure forever.
After separating with Sword Saint, Jiang Chen returned to the west region of Ling Jue City. There were three great sects in the west region, a region which had the most sects in Ling Jue City. The Eastern Emperor Sect was the most impressive sect among those sects. The other regions only had a single great sect. Among the ten greatest sects in Qilian Boundary, five of them were located in Ling Jue City. This showed that Ling Jue City was definitely a rich land where treasures and outstanding people gathered.
The reason that Ling Jue City attracted talented people to build their great sect here was because it was a great place where the essence of heaven and earth gathered. Moreover, it was also the center of the entire Qilian Boundary. The East, West, South and North regions were located ten thousand miles away from the Ling Jue City, which showed that the vastness of the Qilian Boundary’s land was impressive and spectacular.
There was a strong spiritual aura within Ling Jue City. Hence, those who wished to stay in the city would need to spend a large amount of Divine Origin Stones. Apart from the true noble families and the elites of the sects, basically there was no one who could afford the price of staying here. The rest were those powerful experts. In short, those who were able to stay in Ling Jue City were definitely the real talented elites. However, it was meaningless for Jiang Chen to enter Ling Jue City. What he needed to do first was to obtain qualifications to join the world battle. Only the truly strong experts from each of those sects had an opportunity to enter the Profound Connection Divine Palace. He should at least enter the Profound Connection Divine Palace to get the chance of meeting Yan Qingcheng again.
In the west region, the Eastern Emperor Sect was the most powerful sect. That was the reason Jiang Chen chose the Eastern Emperor Sect.
The hundreds of miles of Dong Huang Mountain looked like a dragon sleeping and laying flat on its back, looking overwhelming and magnificent which could conquer the mountains and rivers.
Jiang Chen intended to seize an opportunity to enter the Profound Connection Divine Palace by joining the Eastern Emperor Sect. Or else, he would not be able to enter the Profound Connection Divine Palace.
“Have you heard the news that our senior brother just finished his seclusion? I am not sure when I will be able to look down upon the living things by standing at the peak of the Eastern Emperor Sect like him. Hahaha.”
“Hey, just stop daydreaming! Our senior brother is known as a talented genius who is rarely seen once in a thousand years. He wouldn’t have ended his seclusion if he didn’t plan to enter the Profound Connection Divine Palace. It has been a hundred years since he had secluded himself.”
“You’re right. Haha. Our Eastern Emperor Sect will definitely cast a bright light this time. Even in the ten greatest sects, I believe that there is no one who is superior to our senior brother.”
“Don’t celebrate too early. Our lives are full of uncertainty and unexpected situations. It’s hard to say that there is no one stronger than our senior brother. Even if our senior brother is invincible and entitled to enter the Profound Connection Divine Palace, you can’t say for sure that there won’t be another genius who would suddenly appear at the most critical moment.”
“You’re probably right. Our Eastern Emperor Sect has three reserved slots to enter the Profound Connection Divine Palace. Except for our senior brother, let’s see who could make it.”
It was widely discussed by countless people who gathered on Dong Huang Mountain, even though there were still three years remaining before the battle of Profound Connection Divine Palace. However, countless sects were already bustling with excitement and wanted to give it a try after the news was released by the Profound Connection Divine Palace. But those who were entitled to join the battle were few. There were only twenty sects which were qualified in the entire Qilian Boundary, three slots for the ten greatest sects and one slot for the remaining sects.
Under the Dong Huang Mountain, Jiang Chen was heading towards the entrance, and most of the disciples were startled. Jiang Chen’s strength was unbeatable compared to those disciples from the Eastern Emperor Sect. There were disciples from one of the greatest sects, hundreds of Heavenly God Realm experts were assembled in front of the battle arena,  watching the intense match.
This Eastern Emperor Sect was truly a rich land where treasures and outstanding people assembled. It was way stronger than the Profound Wind Sect.
“Who are you? This is a restricted area of Eastern Emperor Sect. I warn you to leave here within ten seconds. Or else, I will kill you immediately.”
A tall and strong young man looked at Jiang Chen coldly, he’s holding a long spear in his hand as he soared into the void. He realized that Jiang Chen’s strength was not at an ordinary level—Late Heavenly God Realm. He did not dare to offend him as he was merely a Mid Heavenly God.
“I would like to enter the Eastern Emperor Sect.”
Jiang Chen said with a slight smile.
“Do you mean to join the Eastern Emperor Sect at this moment? Haha. I guess you’re here to seize one of the slots to enter the Profound Connection Divine Palace.This is a fact that everyone already knows. First, you have to be capable of beating all of us but I think you will never be able to do so as joining our Eastern Emperor Sect is not as easy as you thought. Our lord announced that it is possible for an outsider to grab one of the slots if you could fight our disciples. But you must first be a Late Heavenly God to join.”
The young man gazed at Jiang Chen in disdain and laughed coldly.
“Unfortunately, you are still too weak.”
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2585 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2586


Shaking three mountains
The youth looked at Jiang Chen with disdain, although he was weaker than Jiang Chen. Being a disciple of the Eastern Emperor Sect, one was naturally prideful. This Late Heavenly God fella wants to enter the Eastern Emperor Sect. He’ll have to get through my test first. 
They may be received favourably in the past but in such a special time, many people needed to get into the Nine County Competition first. Only then could one have the opportunity to get into the Profound Connection Divine Palace. In some sense, they wanted to use the Eastern Emperor Sect as a springboard to reach the Profound Connection Divine Palace.
However, the Eastern Emperor Sect was no fool, they’ll only give the first two slots for their own sect members. The final slot would be given to those who joined the sect for the competition, it doesn’t matter if they were genuinely here to join the sect or not. From this slot alone, many people came to join the Eastern Emperor Sect. However, one needs to be of clean background and strong to boot, otherwise, he’ll be immediately eliminated by the sect.
This plan was profitable for Eastern Emperor Sect no matter what.
“Very well, have some of your best guys come at me.” Jiang Chen said.
“What do you mean? You? Wanna challenge my Eastern Emperor Sect? You’re just a Late Heavenly God, I suggest you leave this place as soon as possible.” Ruan Xiao sneered.
He was not a Peak Heavenly God but just a step away from reaching it.
“Yeah, scram as soon as possible. Otherwise, you’ll get beaten to a pulp. Hahaha, our Eastern Emperor Sect is not your average sect.”
“You’re really asking to die, one must fulfill two conditions to enter the Eastern Emperor Sect. First, is to fight against three Peak Heavenly God experts consecutively. You pass as long as you defeat two of them, and you’ll be able to go for the second trial. However, you don’t look like you have what it takes to get through the first trial.”
“Overconfident fool, looks like this Profound Connection Divine Palace is extremely sought after. But you should know how much you’re worth, don’t waste your and our time. You? With your strength? Trying to enter the Nine County Competition? Keep dreaming. Hmph hmph.”
The surrounding disciples looked at Jiang Chen and said with disdain. Although they weren’t as strong as Jiang Chen and were unable to sense how strong he was, they could see that this fella was certainly not as powerful as the three Peak Heavenly God seniors. It was without a doubt.
“I’d like to try.” Jiang Chen said with a smile.
Since this was the Eastern Emperor Sect territory, Jiang Chen was not that reckless and stupid as to barge into the sect. He alone could not get through the sect as they would certainly have many Divine Kings. Thinking back to the time when so many Divine King experts gathered in Linhe Boundary… The Eastern Emperor Sect was one of the ten great sects of the Qilian Region. It’s resources and power must be pretty great too.
“Not going to give up before getting hurt, eh.”
“Very well then, Senior Brother Ruan Xiao, why don’t we give him a chance? Haha, let the brothers work some sweat off.”
“You’re right, Eastern Emperor Sect is not a place where anyone could just enter.”
“There’s an abundance of clueless fools in this world.”
Jiang Chen was calm while being bombarded by sarcasm. He did not bother talking back to them. Because in his eyes, they’re but insects, he could even simply kill off hundreds of disciples below the Late Heavenly God realm and it’s not something worth getting proud of.
“Since you’re insistent on dying, then, I shall grant you that chance. On top of that mountain, there are three seniors who you will need to face. You’ll pass the test if you beat two of them. The challenge starts once you enter that mountain peak, disregarding one’s life and death.” Ruan Xiao said.
At this moment, his expression became serious. Since Jiang Chen was here to join the Eastern Emperor Sect no matter what, the Eastern Emperor Sect is still one of the top ten sects within the Qilian Region, they will not act like a ruffian, otherwise the name of the sect will be tarnished.
Ruan Xiao pointed at the mountain peak ten li away from where they were currently situated. There were three thousand metre stages on top of that mountain and three blue-robed Peak Heavenly Gods were standing on each one of them.
“Alright.”
Jiang Chen didn’t talk much, he would definitely be bashed further if he spoke further. He leapt and flew towards that icy cold mountain peak where three Peak Heavenly Gods were watching him with fighting intent.
“Who do you want to challenge first?” A Peak Heavenly God expert said coldly.
“All three of you, come.” Jiang Chen said.
The three of them were stunned, Jiang Chen’s voice wasn’t loud, but the people below the peak had heard him, everyone was stunned. Is this fella trying to die? The three Peak Heavenly God experts could take on a strike from a Half-Step Divine King. A Late Heavenly God like him dares to be this cocky? 
“You’re courting death.”
One of them said as he stared at Jiang Chen, gritting his teeth. The trio felt that Jiang Chen was mocking them.
“I alone am enough to face you.”
Jiang Chen said:
“Then, you’re too confident about yourself.”
“Take this!”
The blue-robed expert punched with lightning sparks.
“This fella is trying to die, those three seniors have the qualification to become the members of the Disciplinary Hall, a mere Late Heavenly God is easy for them to take down.” Somebody sneered.
However, the blue-robed experts were sent flying by Jiang Chen without that man finishing his smirk. The blue-robed expert’s arm was shattered and his expression became pale the instant they clashed. The counter force from their clash also pushed the other two experts back. They wanted to assist their fellow disciple but were pushed back by the force.
A single strike! Jiang Chen had pushed back three experts with just a single strike, shaking three mountains in a single punch!
Everyone gasped!
The three experts’ expression became heavy. They lost, they wanted to continue their fight after the first clash but was stopped by Jiang Chen. They knew that such an expert was as powerful as a Half-Step Divine King, but how could he be so powerful?
The people below the mountain, amounting to hundreds, witnessed this scene. The all-powerful seniors in their eyes became a decoration, after being forced back with just a single punch, from a Late Heavenly God junior to boot. The one who took the impact was in a miserable state too as his arm was shattered.
“Isn’t he too heaven defying?”
“Could this fella be the coming of another Great Senior Brother?”
“So powerful, the might of that single punch, it’s so powerful. I dare say that fella’s combat strength is more powerful than a Half-Step Divine King.”
“Duh! To push back three Peak Heavenly Gods with a single punch, that fella is a monster.”
The countless men who had spoken ill of Jiang Chen had changed their view on him.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2586 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2587


Emperor Extremity Mountain’s Heavenly Stairs
Such an expert was definitely powerful. To think he could challenge experts who  were stronger than him in terms of cultivation, and to be that swift and precise to boot. Hundreds of others had challenged those three seniors before but failed. Only a dozen of them managed to succeed, however, only eight of them managed to get through the second trial.
“You pass.” The three seniors said solemnly.
Jiang Chen was the first to completely overpower them.
Ruan Xiao watched Jiang Chen with a parched throat. He’ll definitely give me hell if he becomes my senior. 
“Now, tell me what’s the second trial.”
Jiang Chen jumped and landed beside Ruan Xiao. The latter’s smile became awkward, after all one’s strength equates to authority, this was the rule of the world. One would be respected when one possessed strength. Jiang Chen had thoroughly conquered them.
“The second trial is in the Emperor Extremity Mountain, you’ll become a disciple of the Eastern Emperor Sect once you reach the halfway of the mountain. The Emperor Extremity Mountain is used when the sect opens up its door to outsiders. There are 999 flights of stairs on the Emperor Extremity Mountain. One will be qualified to become a member of the sect if one was able to pass through 100 flights of stairs. But it’s different now, one must pass through 500 flights to become a member of the sect. It’s not hard but it’s also not easy.” Ruan Xiao said, daring not to leave any information out, fearing that Jiang Chen may harbor ill feelings to his previous act.
“Why?”
Ruan Xiao continued:
“Because the Emperor Extremity Mountain is over 90,000 metres tall, piercing through the sky and clouds. The 999 flights of stairs, each one of them has a distance of a hundred meter between them. The Emperor Extremity Mountain is the tallest mountain in the Qilian Region. It’s naturally cold when it’s high up in the sky, it is extremely cold after the 600th stair. Only those above the Half-Step Divine King Realm could withstand that cold. It is precisely that reason the Emperor Extremity Mountain became a restricted area of the Eastern Emperor Sect. There was a Half-Step Divine King disciple who reached the 700th step once and froze to death over there. Therefore, one is already talented if one could reach the 600th step. Even our Sect Lord could only reach the 800th stair.” Ruan Xiao did not speak any further as if there were some secrets.
“The most important thing was, this Emperor Extremity Mountain was said to be carved by the late founding ancestor, the Eastern Emperor, created from seizing the fortune of the Heavens and Earth, the reincarnation cycle of the five elements, sacred and inviolable. If an evil cultivator ascended the mountain, they could never reach the 500 flight.
“Then, this Emperor Extremity Mountain is an extremely tall place.” Jiang Chen looked up.
The whole Eastern Emperor Sect encompassed ten thousand Li of the mountain range, one couldn’t even see the end of it. But the Emperor Extremity Mountain stood tall towards the sky, piercing through the clouds, as if it was a giant palm. A sight to behold.
“This Eastern Emperor Sect is truly extraordinary.” Jiang Chen thought.
However, this 2nd trial wasn’t too hard for him.
“From the past until now, the strongest disciple is our Great Brother, he was able  to reach the 792nd step. His talent and strength is truly peerless. The next is the Second Senior Brother, Donghuang Taiji, who has reached the 708th step. The first two slots will surely be given to these two seniors. As for the slot to enter the Nine County Competition, the strongest one should be Ling Guang, who was able to reach the 682nd step, he’s a Half-Step Divine King Realm. The Emperor Extremity Mountain is hard to ascend because of the pressure it emitted. It’s hard to reach the top, I could only reach around 300+ steps. ” Ruan Xiao gave an awkward smile and said.
“Then, I would like to give it a try.”
Jiang Chen then moved towards the Emperor Extremity Mountain. Below the Emperor Extremity Mountain, there were two Half-Step Divine King old men, guarding the mountain. This place was only opened once a year, to allow the disciples to enter and improve one’s strength.
“Fellow elders.” Ruan Xiao greeted the two elders and led Jiang Chen into the Emperor Extremity Mountain.
Jiang Chen silently felt shocked. This was the power of a true mighty sect. Half-Step Divine Kings were tasked to guard a mountain.
“That is a psychic tablet, it will show how many steps you have ascended.”  Ruan Xiao pointed at the hundred Zhang giant jade-white tablet and said.
“Thank you.” Jiang Chen said as he ascended the mountain with great speed.
Ruan Xiao breathed out a sigh of relief. This fella did not think ill of me. 
Jiang Chen’s eyes lit up as he leapt up, racing towards the clouds.
Over 90,000 metres tall mountain that pierced through the clouds. It was Jiang Chen’s first time witnessing such magnificence.
“How far do you guys think that fella could reach?”
“Let’s not be too quick to judge, since he managed to defeat three strong experts with a single punch. He’s monstrously strong. Those who don’t show their real strength are the scary ones.”
“You’re right, his cultivation realm is still too low, no matter how powerful he is, he would still lose against a Half-Step Divine King.”
“Hmm… I don’t think so, I think he couldn’t reach Ling Guang’s record, however.”
Countless disciples were curious as they observed the psychic tablet. Jiang Chen’s figure instantly disappeared into the foot of the Emperor Extremity Mountain.
The moment Jiang Chen entered the Emperor Extremity Mountain, he felt a dignified and auspicious energy enveloping the whole mountain. The higher he went, the more certain he felt that the energy was cruising across his body.
Jiang Chen’s steps were firm as he went up the stairs, he reached the 500th step in a short amount of time. At that moment, a number of people were shocked as Jiang Chen had succeeded in the second trial, the Emperor Extremity Mountain Heavenly Stairs.
“Is this the 500th? Let’s see what the end looks like.”   Jiang Chen said calmly.
His heart was burning to win, to not lose, pushing him forward, to reach towards the sky.
“Emperor Extremity Mountain, Eastern Emperor Sect, this sect’s power and resources is certainly not something that those other great sects could compare.” Jiang Chen thought.
There was another reason why he chose the Eastern Emperor Sect, it was the mystery of the sect.
Jiang Chen kept running upwards, countless people gasped as he reached the 600th step. The numbers on the tablet kept changing, Jiang Chen didn’t feel pressured, the pressure that Ruan Xiao said, he couldn’t feel it. He didn’t stop advancing after reaching that height, when he reached the 683rd step, the whole Eastern Emperor Sect was in an uproar. He had surpassed Ling Guang, a Half-Step Divine King expert.
“Oh my god, isn’t he too fast? Will he be able to surpass Second Brother Donghuang Taiji?”
“I am itching to see, Hahaha.”
“Sh*t sh*t sh*t sh*t!”
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2587 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2588


Donghuang Tai’a
Jiang Chen looked up as he felt determined to reach the peak!
One step after another.
“So cold, it’s probably below a few hundred negative degrees now.” Jiang Chen’s eyes became serious.
There were ice shards between his brows, it was his first time feeling such extreme cold.
That cold energy became much stronger and more terrifying after he reached the 700th step. It could even freeze a person’s soul.
When Jiang Chen reached the 709th step, the people below the Emperor Extremity Mountain were in an uproar and thousands of people gathered. Each and every one of their expressions was solemn and filled with shock.
“To think Second Brother’s record was broken by that fella.”
“Yeah, this is unexpected. To think that fella is this heavenly defying, I am extremely excited now, I wonder if he could break our Great senior Brother’s record!”
“It’s another time to be excited. Hahaha, not even the two elders could stay calm.”
“I’m sure that this fella will not break Great senior Brother’s record, 800+ stairs, he’s only a Late Heavenly God.”
“It’s still too early to come to a conclusion. Look, he did not slow down at all, it’s nearly the 730th steps.”
Everyone watched in concentration as the counter on the tablet silently jumped. Jiang Chen had become their idol, this Late Heavenly God fella was able to exceed  Second Brother’s record, it was a feat to be reckoned with.
“Young outstanding youth, very good.”
On the opposite of the Emperor Extremity Mountain was the Eastern Emperor Mountain, the headquarters of the Eastern Emperor Sect. An azure-robed elder said with a pale smile, standing on top of an elder peak with a slight shock in his eyes.
“Taiji is already one of the top prodigies in recent years. This fella’s talent is on par with Taiji.”
A buff middle-aged man said who was standing beside the azure-robed old man as he silently watched the Emperor Extremity Mountain from afar.
“Third Elder, do you think… do you think this child is on par with Taiji?” The azure-robed old man felt slightly shocked.
Donghuang Taiji was their strongest disciple for the last thousand years, currently at the Half-Step Divine King Realm. However, not even a Divine King could kill him as he cultivated the Eastern Emperor Limitless Art, he’s peerless below the Half-Step Divine King Realm. Not even those average Divine Kings could best him.
The Third Elder gave Jiang Chen too high of a rating. To be on-par with the once-in-a-thousand years prodigy, such a great rating. However, this fella hasn’t reached the Half-Step Divine King Realm yet.
Donghuang Zuoqing slightly smiled and said:
“It’s not that I’m overestimating him, but this fella is pretty strong. The Great Elder would say the same thing too if he’s around.”
Tao Qing silently nodded. As the leader of the ten great guardians of the sect, he was a Divine King, but he was very humble in front of the Third Elder Donghuang Zuoqing. Donghuang Zuoqing was in charge of the Eastern Emperor Sect’s Disciplinary Hall. Even the Great Elder had to give him some respect. The whole sect feared the Donghuang Zuoqing except for the Sect Lord, and Donghuang Taiji was his direct disciple. His words meant much more.
“Then, how far do you think he’ll reach, Third Elder?” Tao Qing silently said.
Donghuang Zuoqing looked at the ever-changing psychic tablet and looked up towards the Emperor Extremity Mountain.
“Hmm… the Sect Lord stopped at the 800th step, not willing to take another step, stating that one cannot win against the cold on the peak. Me and the Great Elder managed to reach the 790th step with our own strength, similar to that monster. Anything above the 800th step is the extreme cold. Not even a powerful expert could withstand it. I’m already pretty shocked that he was able to achieve such a result. However, it won’t be easy for him to overcome that monster’s result. Hehehe.” Donghuang Zuoqing said.
*Breathes in…* 
Jiang Chen took a deep breath. This Emperor Extremity Mountain was pretty scary. The chill was getting unbearable for him after reaching the 757th step.
“I wonder… would I freeze to death if I press on.” Jiang Chen murmured.
Because at this moment, he was feeling extremely cold, however, it was still  not enough to freeze him.
The Eastern Emperor Sect was one of the most mysterious sects in the Qilian Region. It was founded upon the word ‘Eastern Emperor’, it was already pretty shocking. Donghuang was the number one surname since ancient times, the given name of the Heavenly Emperor Donghuang Taiyi. Jiang Chen was extremely curious about the Emperor Extremity Mountain. This Eastern Emperor Sect and Donghuang Taiyi, was there any relationship between them?
Therefore, Jiang Chen did not plan to stop, even though the terrifying cold was slowly invading his body. He wanted to see how far he could go.
Even though he had some difficulty moving forward, he still appeared to be calm as he slowly moved up. Jiang Chen could feel his blood freezing up. But it felt better after he unleashed the Dragon Transformation and his dragon blood boiled.
Tens of thousands of people gathered in front of the tablet. The whole Eastern Emperor Sect shook. After Donghuang Taiji’s record was surpassed, this news reached the whole sect in a flash.
“To even surpass me and the Great Elder?” Donghuang Zuoqing touched his nose and said with a bitter smile as his sharp eyes looked at the Emperor Extremity Mountain.
“This fella, isn’t he too heavenly defying… “ Tao Qing murmured as he looked at Donghuang Zuoqing, he couldn’t help but gasp internally. The world is really big, anything could happen and experts are coming here with monstrous talents…
The 792nd flight! When Jiang Chen took that step, the whole Eastern Emperor Sect was in an uproar.
Because that was the highest flight their Eldest Senior Brother was able to reach.
“Look, to think this fella was really able to reach the 792nd step. Oh My God, this is the most shocking news in this hundred years.”
“We’ve witnessed a miracle. This fella is too heavenly defying. What kind of monster is he.”
“I think we now have a rival for our Great Senior Brother.”
“Are you joking, him? He cannot be compared to our Great Senior Brother, stop joking.”
Everyone’s fervor was overflowing, as if they were the ones who reached the peak. However, some were favouring Jiang Chen and some were hoping he could reach  higher and fall harder. As he was just a Late Heavenly God, causing jealousy to other Late Heavenly God disciples.
Jiang Chen saw the characters on the 792nd step. Four characters carved by a sword with a form of a dragon and phoenix.
Donghuang Tai’A!
Those four characters reverberated through Jiang Chen’s heart as if it had a mysterious magic, filling up the whole 792nd step. Jiang Chen felt the sharpness from those four characters, as if only he alone could fight against the whole world.
Peerless dominance, imposing sword qi.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2588 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2589


Surpassing the predecessors!
“Interesting, to reach the 792nd step. ”
A black-robed youth said, his arms crossed on his chest, standing in the crowd, emitting an arrogant and cold aura, completely different from the others. The wild and overbearing gaze in his eyes caused the other disciples to dare not meet his eyes.
The youth’s expression was gloomy as he watched the numbers on the tablet, his eyes were filled with fighting intent.
“Nobody else in the Eastern Emperor Sect can go beyond me, except for that monster.” The youth said coldly.
He was the Second Brother of the Eastern Emperor Sect, the man before Donghuang Tai’a, Donghuang Taiji. He and Tai’a were of the same generation but the latter’s brilliance was too bright, overshadowing him completely the moment he was born.
Donghuang Taiji did not feel bad about it. Because Tai’a was his big brother, Taiji knew how much he’s worth. Since he couldn’t become the world’s number one, it’s not bad to become number two.
Ling Guang was able to reach the 700th step but couldn’t take more than ten strikes from Taiji, although he’s also a Half-Step Divine King. Taiji could now fight on-par against other Eastern Emperor Sect Divine King experts. It was the pride of a prodigy.
Now that Jiang Chen has appeared, Donghuang Taiji was itching to know how powerful this rookie was, who has shocked so many people with his accomplishment.
Jiang Chen gazed at the four characters. He felt that those four characters were like an insurmountable and tall mountain. However, he was one of those that would fight back when faced with an obstacle, when it was impossible. He’s that stubborn of a guy. Plus, he believed that he could surpass Donghuang Tai’a.
“Surpassing you is not my goal, my goal is to surpass myself, to surpass all others, to surpass all powerful beings!”
Jiang Chen looked at the name who was respected by countless others indifferently and smiled as he continued to move forward, towards the 793rd step.
“Is this real? Did he surpass Great Brother?”
“It should be real, this psychic tablet is not your average treasure. It’s an ancient treasure, it shouldn’t be wrong.”
“This lad is extraordinary!”
“I am getting excited to know how far he’ll reach, as if all the miracles in the world would happen on his body.”
“Jiang Chen, is it? His name shall reach across the whole Eastern Emperor Sect, even the whole Qilian Region.”
Many more people gathered below the Emperor Extremity Mountain with eyes of worship, awe, and shock.  Jiang Chen was like a powerful war god that never retreats.
The moment Jiang Chen reached the 799th step, the extreme cold started to coarse through his whole body. He then felt an extreme cold that he had never experienced before, seeping into his blood, his bone marrows, even his every cell.
“It is extremely cold in tall places, this is true.” Jiang Chen looked back at the clouds beneath his feet.
He has reached the height where the clouds resided on the Emperor Extremity Mountain. The cold felt like it came from deep within his heart and from the world. Those who are weak would surely become an icicle by now.
The 800th flight!
When Jiang Chen reached the 800 flight of stairs, the whole Eastern Emperor Sect was in an uproar. Because that was where the Sect Lord had reached.
“This fella, is he that heaven-defying?” Donghuang Zuoqing said with a pale smile while rubbing his nose.
Now, the Sect Lord himself has to personally see this. This lad’s talent is out of the charts, is he really that powerful? 800 steps, how can he withstand the pressure of the extreme cold, and he’s not a Divine King to boot. 
“Probably, he’s truly talented, much more so than anyone. Even our sect’s prodigy, Donghuang Tai’a was surpassed. I’m not surprised anymore now that he has reached the Sect Lord’s record.” Tao Qing said with a pale smile but he was also pretty shocked inside.
Jiang Chen had overthrown everything they knew. The Emperor Extremity Mountain was the most mysterious place of the Eastern Emperor Sect. No one was able to reach the peak of that mountain before.
“I hope so, if he could really reach the peak of the Emperor Extremity Mountain. Then, our Eastern Emperor Sect shall come an age of true revolution and change.” Donghuang Zuoqing murmured.
He had read through the ancestor’s record of the Eastern Emperor Sect. In the past, over several tens of thousand years ago, the Eastern Emperor Sect was the number one sect of the whole Qilian Region, one that could even be compared against the Luo God Clan. However, the sect had declined after all those years of change.
“Looks like I have to use the Five Elemental True Fire.”
Jiang Chen unleashed the Five Elemental True Fire and enveloped his whole body. But even the Five Elemental True Fire felt extremely weak, it only managed to help him a little.
“Is the Five Elemental True Fire not able to withstand the extreme cold of the Emperor Extremity Mountain?” Jiang Chen frowned.
He was only able to climb another 20+ flights of stairs before feeling an unbearable pressure coming from the skies, combining with the piercing cold energy. Jiang Chen gritted his teeth as he moved forward with the Azure Dragon’s Five Steps. Although he managed to move forward, the terrifying cold caused his soul to tremble, as if it was going to freeze.
“Red Lotus could probably help me a little if she’s here, however, she still lays asleep in her deep slumber.” Jiang Chen sighed internally.
He wondered when Red Lotus would wake up. At least, he wouldn’t be this miserable if she’s here.
Jiang Chen moved forward with sheer will. At this moment, he found himself moving forward with extreme difficulty. But his blood did not freeze under this cold temperature. The Five Elemental True Fire managed to at least preserve his normal temperature. One must reach the top if one starts climbing, otherwise, one would miss out the beauty of the mountain top.
Jiang Chen suddenly thought of something that could help him, the Cold Icy Throne of the Destruction Ice God!
Jiang Chen grabbed the Cold Icy Throne. At this moment, the surrounding chilly energy was sucked into the throne, the cold pressure was gone, the terrifying cold energy became nothing in the face of the throne.
Jiang Chen’s eyes lit up.
“This Cold Icy Throne is truly a great treasure.” He thought.
Although the Cold Icy Throne may not be some weapon, it possessed divine might nonetheless, it managed to absorb the energy of the extreme cold and ensured that Jiang Chen could move forward. No matter what story this throne had, at least it serves a purpose now.
Jiang Chen moved forward as if he was running on top of a track, even faster compared to his earlier speed.
In the depths of the sect, a gaze suddenly shot out from within, shaking the Emperor Extremity Mountain. It came deep from within the Eastern Emperor Sect Lord’s Manor.
Jiang Chen then suddenly looked down. Now, he had surpassed everyone, even if he stopped here, he had already created a new history, a new record.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2589 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2590


Look at the sky, there’s a hole over there!
“This fella, to think he reached the 899 flight, monster, truly monstrous. Why isn’t that me?”
“The whole Eastern Emperor Sect is watching, maybe, this marks the new age of our sect.”
“This is exciting, look, those sect elders are paying attention to the Emperor Extremity Mountain.”
Jiang Chen was now at the 900th stair, he felt something different here. The extreme cold energy was much fiercer, the stone on the mountain was covered with a thick ice. The cold air, however, dispersed wherever he steps upon, the Icy Cold Throne was doing its job.
The 900th stair felt like a different world.
“Let’s see what view is there on the peak.”
Jiang Chen ran forward and on the 999 flight of stairs, the temperature was more than -1000degrees celsius, luckily, he had the throne to withstand that cold. Nevertheless, he was still shivering from the cold, but at least, he was able to stand on the peak now. A tablet caught his attention, it was a jade-white tablet with three characters on it:
“Yun Shang Jiu! ” Jiang Chen frowned. Yun Shang Jiu? This place is called Yun Shang Jiu?
Those below the Emperor Extremity Mountain were in silence. 999th step, Jiang Chen completed that grand feat, the first to ever complete it after Dounghuang Taiyi founded the Eastern Emperor Sect.
The sect lord, Donghuang Zhenli, silently looked at the Emperor Extremity Mountain with eyes of excitement. The Eastern Emperor Sect’s strongest 7th ancestor could only reach the 923th step. At that moment, the ancestor was at the Divine Emperor Realm. He was the strongest ancestor second to Donghuang Taiyi. After that, the sect gradually declined.
“The heavens have blessed us. The rise of the Eastern Emperor Sect shall come.”
I thought Donghuang Tai’a would bring honor to our Eastern Emperor Sect. Now, it looks like it’s probably this fella who’s the one chosen by the heavens. No matter what, my Eastern Emperor Sect must have you. Donghuang Zhenli’s eyes were filled with radiant light.
Jiang Chen slowly touched the tablet with the word Yun Shang Jiu. He looked up towards the sky, it felt like he could easily take down a star, as if it was right in front of him. The silent cold of the place gave Jiang Chen a unique experience.
“The heaven and earth’s spiritual qi here is extremely dense. Yun Shang Jiu, what a great Yun Shang Jiu.”
The jade-white tablet emitted a radiant glow when Jiang Chen touched it. Then a golden figure appeared on top of the tablet, the figure was illusory, one could barely see it’s a buff oldman. That tenant soul felt like it could see through Jiang Chen.
“Unexepected, truly unexpected. I am elated. Hahaha.” The golden figure laughed madly, his voice reached the whole Yun Shang Jiu but only Jiang Chen could hear it.
“Who are you?” Jiang Chen asked.
He was but a remnant soul, although his presence was strong but that’s all, he couldn’t deal any significant harm towards Jiang Chen.
“I am Donghuang Taiyi.” The oldman’s eyes became serious and his smile was gone. But his eyes were still pretty excited when he looked at Jiang Chen.
“The owner of the Eastern Emperor Bell? Donghuang Taiyi? You’re the founder of the Eastern Emperor Sect?”
Jiang Chen felt somewhat sad as a person from the legend was in such a sorry state.
“You’re right. It’s a pity that my descendants are this weak, but there’s no one else to blame.” Donghuang Taiyi said.
“To think you know of me? Pretty good, those who know of my name are those ancient clans. Which clan are you from? Luo God Clan? Battle God Clan? Or the Heavenly Clan?”
Jiang Chen shook his head.
“I’m from the mortal realm.”
“From the mortal realm, to reach my Emperor Extremity Mountain, Yun Shang Jiu, impressive.”
Donghuang Taiyi pondered for a moment as he somewhat couldn’t believe it.
“What relationship do you have with the Destruction Ice God? Why is the Icy Cold Throne in your possession? Why, I wondered how you reached Yun Shang Jiu.”
“I accidently found it. As for you, I knew about your existence from the records of my master. Donghuang Taiyi, the owner of the Eastern Emperor Bell. That’s all I know.” Jiang Chen said.
“Oh? What more do you know? You look like you’re not afraid of me.”  Donghuang Taiyi looked at Jiang Chen with an interested gaze.
“That’s all. Why should I be afraid of you? You’re from the immemorial era and you’re already dead. Even if you’re not dead, I did not act disrespectful towards you, are you trying to kill me?” Jiang Chen said.
Donghuang Taiyi stared at Jiang Chen with his fiery gaze.
“I do not know whether your emergence is right or wrong.”
“Please, tell me more.” Jiang Chen said while nodding.
“Assist me in rebuilding the Eastern Emperor Sect. Assist me in selecting the Nine Ninth Reincarnated Reverend of the Eastern Emperor Sect, I wish to be reborn!”
Donghuang Taiyi and Jiang Chen’s eyes met. The latter was shocked, although he did not express it. Isn’t this fella nuts? He wants to be reborn after dying so many years ago? To resurrect Donghuang Taiyi, the thought itself was extremely bold. Jiang Chen did not know whether the fella was joking or not.
“What do I get from this?” Jiang Chen suppressed his inner shock and said calmly.
This Donghuang Taiyi will certainly not ask him to do it for free, plus, there were no others who could reach this place other than him.
“The Eastern Emperor Bell.”
Jiang Chen’s ears felt like it was ringing from Donghuang Taiyi’s words. The Eastern Emperor Bell was a true Chaos Saint Tool, there were only ten Chaos Saint Tools in existence in the whole wide world.  It was born from chaos, not forged by anybody. These ten peerless treasures were born when chaos first emerged. Jiang Chen knew this through the records left behind by the Craftsman God, who’s life desire was to forge a Chaos Saint Tool. But he knew that it was impossible. Only those who had gone through the great battles of the immemorial times could understand the might of a Chaos Saint Tool.
The Eastern Emperor Bell was the most outstanding. One could easily imagine how powerful the Eastern Emperor Bell was. The Eastern Emperor Bell was a Chaos Saint Tool with both attacking and defensive properties. The Xuanyuan Sword had the strongest attacking attribute and the Shennong Cauldron had the strongest defensive attribute. Therefore, these three Chaos Saint Tools were the strongest treasures in the ancient times.
Jiang Chen yearned for the Eastern Emperor Bell. But he estimated that things wouldn’t be that easy. Could the Eastern Emperor Bell be that easy to obtain?
“Can you really resurrect yourself?”
Jiang Chen was worried about this. He did not know what were the consequences of reviving an ancient god.
“You’re probably stronger than a God Emperor, right? It shouldn’t be that easy to resurrect you.”
“God Emperor? Hehe.” Donghuang Taiyi chuckled as he shook his head.
Then, Donghuang Taiyi pointed at the sky. The greyish sky rippled and spread open.
“Look at the sky, there’s a hole on it.”
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2590 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2591


Chapter 2591
The Broken Eastern Emperor Bell
Donghuang Taiyi pointed toward the void at a distance. When Jiang Chen raised his head and looked up, he realized that there was a dark hole appearing in the nine heavens. The dark hole was something that existed between heaven and earth, like an invincible hole which could devour everything.
Jiang Chen trembled all over. The moment that he blinked his eyes and looked at the void again, only ripples remained in the sky and the black hole was gone once again. It seemed like the black hole was dispersed by the ripples.
“Is that a hole in the sky?”
Jiang Chen murmured under his breath, all of these aroused a storm in his heart. If it was true, how could it happen? It was a thought-provoking question.
“You’re right. There is a hole existing since ancient times but no one is able to mend it.”
Donghuang Taiyi said.
“What are you trying to say?”
Jiang Chen got confused by Donghuang Taiyi but it was his preconceptions about him. He just wished to be raised from the dead.
“Heaven will go through the reincarnations and I will stay eternal. As long as you bring me back to life, you could take the Eastern Emperor Bell as your reward.”
“Why should I trust you? Do you still think that you could be raised up again when you were long dead?”
“If there is the Eastern Emperor Clan’s Ninth Reincarnated Reverend, it will not be a difficult problem to make me reborn.”
“Did you just mention the Ninth Reincarnated Reverend? Is it the strongest experts of the Hierarch Realm?”
Jiang Chen wore a worry frown on his face.
“Haha. Hierarch Realm is not qualified to do so. When you make a breakthrough of the Great Sovereign Realm, you’ll understand what is the real Ninth Reincarnated Reverend. However, it will be difficult for you to do it now. However, you own the Cold Ice Throne which means that you have been chosen as the heir of the Destruction Ice God. Since you are able to reach the Emperor Extremity Mountain, I believe that you will be able to break through the Great Sovereign Realm eventually.”
Donghuang Taiyi stared at Jiang Chen and looked serious. It seemed like he was trying to clutch at a straw at the moment.
“This white-jaded stone slab is the Eastern Emperor Bell.”
Donghuang Taiyi pointed at the white-jaded stone slab and it was torn apart into pieces. In the stone slab, there was an ancient unsophisticated and palm-sized Divine Bell. However, this old wrecked bell was in the state of decay, and could be smashed through with just a strike.
“Is it the real Eastern Emperor Bell?”
Jiang Chen said with a sneer.
“That’s right. This is the Eastern Emperor Bell, a soulless bell which was basically damaged. This Eastern Emperor Bell saved my life when I was supposed to fade away in a battle. So, it was severely damaged now. If you wish to restore it, you will need to find the Chaos Qi. But you will only get the chance of obtaining it by stepping into the Heavenly Dao. There is another way to do so, which is to raise me from the dead. The Eastern Emperor Bell used to be my natal greatest tool. Only if I am revived would I be able to nourish my own power and the Eastern Emperor Bell will be completely restored.”
Donghuang Taiyi said in a low voice.
“Do you mean to restore this Eastern Emperor Bell?”
“The Eastern Emperor Bell lost its striking power but it was eternal and immortal. Even though it is a Chaos Saint Tool that lost its Chaos Qi, it was still the greatest Divine Tool. I believe that no one could destroy it, even the Hierarchs.”
Donghuang Taiyi proudly said.
“All in all, you are asking me to raise you from the dead by just giving this broken bell as a reward? I am afraid that you need to wait until I make a breakthrough to Hierarch Realm.”
Jiang Chen curled his lips with disapproval.
“Haha. This Eastern Emperor Bell is not completely a useless tool, it is even stronger than an Origin Divine Tool which worked effectively in suppressing those demons and evil spirits. However, it is still a soulless Divine Tool without the Spirit of Weapon. I promised that this Eastern Emperor Bell can make a direct teleportation and it could help you solve any problem in crucial moments. This is the only thing I could offer to you. If you are able to reach the Hierarch Realm, you will understand that it will bring the best luck to you and the universe if you bring me back to life. I am at death’s door now, kid. Please don’t let me down. Just take this Eastern Emperor Bell as your reward and it’s up to you whether to return the favor or not. However, the hole in the sky must be recovered.”
After he finished speaking, Donghuang Taiyi glanced at the ripples in the void and disappeared.
He disappeared without leaving a trace in the void, leaving Jiang Chen holding a palm-sized broken divine bell in his hand. Jiang Chen remained dubious and took Donghuang Taiyi’s words with a grain of salt. Was it the real Eastern Emperor Bell? Was he fooled by him? Anyway, he got nothing to lose. It was a pity that Donghuang Taiyi could not be revived but he was curious about the black hole in the void.
Jiang Chen was full of doubts but Donghuang Taiyi had already disappeared. And his remaining soul entrusted him to find the Ninth Reincarnated Reverend and bring him back to life. This was definitely a challenging mission and heavy burden for Jiang Chen. However, he got the Eastern Emperor Bell in his hand.
The entire Emperor Extremity Mountain burst into an uproar at the moment. Everyone was holding their breath in deep concentration. They were full of astonishment especially the sect lord, Donghuang Zhenli.
Jiang Chen raised his head and looked up at the starry sky suddenly. The ripple turned into a black hole once again and it was like an eye which could devour thousands of living things. Jiang Chen was deeply impressed and felt a stirring emotion within him.
Jiang Chen’s blood was racing and boiling. He felt like soaring into the sky and challenging the world with a strong determination and will to fight. Unfortunately, he was unable to stand still in the sky because there was a huge invisible palm that pushed him off the nine heavens. Jiang Chen could feel that it was a huge palm that emerged from the void. He had no doubt about it.
“F*ck you!”
Jiang Chen gritted his teeth. However, he could not escape from being pushed over from the sky. He was falling from the thousands meters height in the twinkling of an eye. He was falling from the true heaven into the earth directly.
“Extraordinarily strong. This guy is certainly a talented genius who is rarely seen once in a thousand years, even our senior brother will not be his opponent.”
“I agree with what you said. I have never heard that there is someone who could reach the peak of the Emperor Extremity Mountain but he made it. He is merely a Late Heavenly God. What is the reason that I couldn’t do that?”
“The sect lord and the sect elders were on tiptoes to meet Jiang Chen as soon as possible. They were looking forward to his arrival now.”
“Anyway, he will not be able to refuse as he will be treated well like a treasure by our sect lord. He is just like our senior brother who fell from the heavens previously.”
“You’re right. What is the reason that I couldn’t get such a chance to be treated like this?”
The entire Emperor Extremity Mountain swelled into a roar for a while. Jiang Chen was like a bird that lost its wings, falling from the heavens and his divine power was completely constrained at that moment. He intended to fly by exerting the Great Void Technique but he failed to do so. Jiang Chen was in despair and felt extremely miserable. Was he going to fall down to the ground directly?
When the crowd was in an uproar, Jiang Chen did not manage to cast his divine strength at all. He was falling down from the heavens which was ninety thousand meters tall and landed on the foot of the mountain as others’ anticipation.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2591 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2592


How Could This Happen?
“Splash……”
Jiang Chen had fallen without a sign and everyone was stunned. At this moment, the third sect elder Donghuang Zhuoqing and the guardian Tao Qing rushed to the place first as they had been informed of it, and their sect lord wanted to meet this genius.
Everyone stared in amazement and their jaw dropped while watching Jiang Chen fall from the peak of the mountain. The swirl of dust was floating through the air.
The genius who just reached the peak of the Emperor Extremity Mountain had fallen from the top. Didn’t it sound weird? How could it happen?
Jiang Chen felt dizzy and fainted, deep inside his body had suffered severe injuries. He was swearing violently at Donghuang Taiyi for more than thousands of times. However, he was still curious about the person who pushed him off.
Jiang Chen could feel that every bone in his body was nearly broken into pieces. Fortunately, the recovery ability of the Wooden Spirit was exceedingly fast which made his body fully recover in just a few seconds.
“Damn. Is he dead?”
“I think he is probably going to die. Look how he lay still on the ground.”
“It’s kind of sad. How could an invincible genius who is rarely seen just died as soon as he fell off the mountain? It just sounds ridiculous and unbelievable.”
“Hey, are you still alive?”
Jiang Chen opened his eyes and realized that he was surrounded by thousands of people. He smacked his butt and stood up. Although he was still full of wounds, it was lucky that he was snatched out of the jaws of death. He eventually understood the fact that said the bigger they are and the harder they fall after experiencing all of these.
“I am one of the lead guardians of the Eastern Emperor Sect and this is our third sect elder. I am here to inform you that our sect lord is going to meet you.”
Tao Qing said in a low voice and fixed his eyes at Jiang Chen.
“You have the devil’s luck and I’m glad to see you alive. Hahaha. You’re the first one who conquered the Emperor Extremity Mountain.”
Donghuang Zhuoqing said with a smile, looking cheerful and pleasant.
“Please come with me, I will bring you to meet our sect lord.”
Donghuang Zhuoqing’s smile disappeared and said it under his breath.
Jiang Chen was ready for this as he knew that he would become the center of attention after creating such an unbelievable miracle. He was well prepared. It was not necessary for him to play dumb when he was a real talented genius. There was always a right path for the genius.
Only the greater arena could provide him a chance to shine.
“Alright.”
Jiang Chen nodded, flying toward Dong Huang Mountain with Donghuang Zhuoqing and Tao Qing.
Donghuang Taiji was watching Jiang Chen in the crowd and laughed coldly.
“Do you think that you are qualified to gain a foothold in my Eastern Emperor Sect after falling from the sky?”
Donghuang Taiji’s eyes were full of killing intent. Jiang Chen used to be an unknown person but he had successfully attracted the world’s attention after ascending the peak of the Emperor Extremity Mountain. He was even summoned by the sect lord which was a privilege only offered for him.
Under the Dong Huang Mountain, there were magnificent golden palaces, pavilions, platforms and towers which were remarkable and breathtaking. Besides that, there was a small bridge with flowing waters and a garden where the flower blossomed.
A man dressed in green was standing at the center of the palace, having his hands tied and looking up at them.
“Sect lord, he is here.”
Tao Qing said in a low voice.
“Both of you are dismissed.”
Donghuang Zhuoqing looked at Jiang Chen with interest and left with Tao Qing reluctantly.
“Not bad. You are totally different from those ordinary people as you are the first person who managed to reach the peak of the Emperor Extremity Mountain since the day I ruled over the Eastern Emperor Sect. It had been more than six thousand years. In other words, there are none before you. You are truly impressive.”
Donghuang Zhenli turned back and looked at Jiang Chen up and down. He looked overbearing and imposing. Jiang Chen felt a kind of helplessness and lack of confidence at the moment as the one who stood in front of him was an unbeatable and irresistible opponent for him.
“How dare you show hostility to me? Kid, do you know where you are staying now? Haha.”
Donghuang Zhenli looked cold and gloomy. His eyes were like two sharp swords that pierced through Jiang Chen’s heart.
“The Sect Lord of Eastern Emperor Sect in the Qilian Boundary, I guess you’re broad-minded.”
Jiang Chen said.
“A man with ambition and determination is destined to succeed with great remarkable achievements. I am not surprised after watching you reach the peak of the Emperor Extremity Mountain. Perhaps I will never meet you if you are merely an ordinary unknown coward.”
Donghuang Zhenli and Jiang Chen were looking at each other’s eyes.
“I just want to know what you saw after reaching the peak of the Emperor Extremity Mountain.”
Donghuang Zhenli was full of curiosity. Since the Eastern Emperor Sect was built, there was no one who could conquer the peak. But he had never expected an outsider to do that.
“To tell you the truth, Sect Lord, I saw a person.”
Jiang Chen said.
Donghuang Zhenli’s heart was trembling wildly. As one of the strongest experts of the Divine King Realm, he was wondering what the peak of the Emperor Extremity Mountain looked like. No one was able to reach the peak of heaven, not even himself.
“Donghuang Taiyi.”
Donghuang Zhenli stared at Jiang Chen in astonishment. It made him believe that Jiang Chen was not telling a lie. Although the Eastern Emperor Sect had existed for more than thousands of years, the real identity of the founder who established the sect still remained unknown. Even some invincible strong experts and those profound races knew nothing about the person. In the entire Eastern Emperor Sect, there were not more than ten people who knew this name.
“Are you sure that you saw the first ancestor of our Eastern Emperor Sect?”
Donghuang Zhenli heaved a deep breath and held his breath.
“Yes. He told me that his natal divine tool was shattered into pieces and it was impossible to forge the Eastern Emperor Bell again. Moreover, the Eastern Emperor Sect was declining gradually. Hence, I must try my best to reform the land and restore the prosperity and glory of the Eastern Emperor Sect.”
“How could you know about the Eastern Emperor Bell……”
Donghuang Zhenli no longer doubted Jiang Chen as it was impossible for an outsider to know about the name of Donghuang Taiyi and the existence of the Eastern Emperor Bell. Since he was able to reach the peak of the Emperor Extremity Mountain, it proved his potential and unlimited talent which was unparalleled and formidable.
“Are you still doubtful with what I said?”
Jiang Chen said lightly.
“Since this is the arrangement of our ancestors, I believe that the rising of our Eastern Emperor Sect is not far from us now.”
Donghuang Zhenli said under his breath and glanced at Jiang Chen softly.
Jiang Chen did not show the Eastern Emperor Bell as he was not sure that Donghuang Zhenli trusted him completely. He was afraid that Donghuang Zhenli would kill him and snatch the treasure. If that happened, he would be the one who dug his own grave.
“Sect lord, I will not let you down in this Nine County Competition.”
Jiang Chen wore a smile on his face.
“Since you’re the person that was assigned by the ancestor of our Eastern Emperor Sect, I will not talk much about it. Our Eastern Emperor Sect will be at your back in the future.”
Donghuang Zhenli said.
“How could I betray you when the Eastern Emperor Sect treats me with full sincerity?”
Jiang Chen nodded silently.
“It seems like you are badly injured after falling off the mountain. There is a place with a spring of clear icy water, you may have a rest over there and I will make some arrangements soon. As for the Nine County Competition, let’s discuss it slowly.”
Donghuang Zhenli said. He looked extremely dignified after sending Jiang Chen off.
Donghuang Zhenli murmured in the void：
“My master, is he really the one who was destined by the ancestor to rescue our Eastern Emperor Sect?”
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2592 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2593


Chapter 2593
Treating Everyone with Sincerity
The breeze blew by and the water rippled. In the palace, there was a white shadow floating in the void, with a spiritual and overbearing aura.
“Dao shouldn’t be finished, Qi cannot be exhausted and fortune shouldn’t be used up. However, we should not trust anyone completely in this boundless world. If he swears to be loyal, Eastern Emperor Sect will definitely be at his back. Or else, everything will become meaningless.”
“Even though my Eastern Emperor Sect has fallen into decay for many years, I believe that the strongest sect that used to obtain those glorious achievements in the Divine Region will not decay easily like this.”
Donghuang Zhenli said under his breath.
“Treat everyone with sincerity, the heroes used to be sacrificed in the ancient times. Only the brave and capable experts will be there when you’re on your beam ends and your Dao is exhausted. You shall trust him once.”
After the white-dressed shadow said it politely, it faded away and disappeared in the void.
“I learned it, master.”
Donghuang Zhenli nodded silently. The power of Eastern Emperor Sect was definitely ranked at the top three in the Qilian Boundary and even had a profound reputation and significant achievement within the Lone Dragon County. However, there was a world of difference with the past Eastern Emperor Sect.
Donghuang Zhenli looked at the figure of Jiang Chen, and disappeared completely in the void. He murmured and plunged deep into thought.
The Eastern Emperor Sect remained silent for so long so it was the time to give it a dose of medicine and pull together.
“I am Tao Qing, the guardian of Eastern Emperor Sect who was assigned by our Sect Lord to bring you to the Icy Spring and heal your injuries. But you are really lucky. Haha.”
Tao Qing giggled and looked at Jiang Chen. As the first person who conquered the Emperor Extremity Mountain, Tao Qing dared not to treat him simply. Moreover, it showed that he was truly a talented genius when the sect lord gave orders to meet him in person.
“Thank you, guardian. Can I know what exactly is the Ice Spring?”
A smile was plastered on Jiang Chen’s face.
“The Ice Spring is also known as Milky Way Ice Spring. The water flows from the ridge of the Emperor Extremity Mountain, even the sect lord is not able to find the headstream of the Ice Spring after climbing hundred floors of the Ladder to Heaven. Hence, it is called the Milky Way Ice Spring. Although the water spring is bitterly cold and frozen, it is beneficial to your health. Moreover, it can bring a great advantage in cultivation practice. If you immerse yourself in the water spring for a day, it will definitely bring you some refreshment and your strength will be greatly improved as well.”
Tao Qing wondered what Jiang Chen discovered at the peak of the Emperor Extremity Mountain but he hesitated to utter the words. He knew that he should not say everything on his mind as it could possibly bring nothing beneficial to him.
“There is nothing on the peak of the Emperor Extremity Mountain, only extremely cold and frozen air which is unbearable. As for this Ice Spring, I have never heard about it.”
After hearing what Jiang Chen had said, Tao Qing nodded silently. This guy realized his doubts immediately which showed that he had a high EQ. Tao Qing could not look at Jiang Chen once again. Even though Jiang Chen was only at the Late Heavenly God Realm, he was someone like Donghuang Tai’A. This kind of genius was supposed to soar into the nine heavens and shine brightly. Tao Qing dared not to offend Jiang Chen.
“The Ice Spring is ahead. It is a hundred foot height of Milky Way Ice Spring, only the sect elders and outstanding disciples of our sect may enjoy this kind of privilege. But you can just immerse in the water spring for a day.” Tao Qing said with envy.
It was obvious that he did not even qualify to enjoy these benefits. As the greatest guardian of Eastern Emperor Sect, he could just watch it eagerly. There was an old man with white beard enjoying the special treatment in the water spring.
Jiang Chen knew that this sect lord was betting big on himself. He did not have a bad impression of the Eastern Emperor Sect. But what’s the reason for Sword Saint’s resentment at the Eastern Emperor Sect?
“That person is a sect elder, Qu Tianshu, tasked with making Supreme-grade Medicinal Pills. I warned you not to offend him as he is a solitary and a man of few words. Please be cautious. Since he is the only person who produces Supreme-grade Medicinal Pills in our sect, he doesn’t usually show respect to the greatest sect lord. He is such a weirdo. ”
Tao Qing said in a low voice and Jiang Chen nodded. Those who were capable always had a weird personality as he believed that one’s strength was proportional to temper. That would be a reason for this kind of person being arrogant.
“Thank you for reminding me, Guardian. Please take this pill as a gift.”
Jiang Chen held a Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pill in his hand and showed it on his palm. He looked calm and smiled slightly.
Tao Qing held his breath for a moment, watching Jiang Chen with bulging eyes, he couldn’t believe what was happening. He took a glance at the Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pill, it was a supreme-graded pill. How could Jiang Chen simply give it to someone? It was just impressive. Tao Qing had never seen such a great pill in the Eastern Emperor Sect after staying in the sect for so many years. The fragrance of the Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pill was too great to make him lose himself.
“This Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pill could prolong your life. Ten years will be the limit but perhaps you could prolong your life for another hundred years if you absorbed it wholly.”
Jiang Chen explained while Tao Qing was looking at the Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pill without blinking his eyes. Although Jiang Chen was one of the strongest experts in the Heavenly God Realm, he found it impossible for him to obtain this kind of supreme-graded pill as no one would be willing to sell this kind of precious pill. He could only find some low graded pills. But the pill in front of him was light colored with great quality which broadened his outlook.
“Are you trying to reject this medicinal pill?”
Jiang Chen burst into laughter, looking at Tao Qing who was stunned and frightened. He knew that he was showing an extravagant manner as he had given a shock to the greatest guardian of the Eastern Emperor Sect. Since he would stay for a period of time in the Eastern Emperor Sect, it was harmless for him to make some new friends rather than making more enemies.
“No no no……How could I say that. I will accept it.”
Tao Qing looked serious after accepting the pill, he was showing a great admiration and respect to Jiang Chen. This young guy was not an ordinary person. Even himself who reached the Divine King Realm could not remain calm after seeing this kind of supreme-graded pill, not to mention those Late Heavenly God Realm experts. However, Jiang Chen could give it to someone calmly. He had a great verve which made him feel ashamed.
Tao Qing could not help himself but be excited. He currently was at death’s door and this Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pill was a precious pill which could bring a great benefit to him. Even Qu Tianshu had never given him such a supreme-graded pill.
“Great. Please lead me the way, guardian.”
“We shall meet again someday. I believe that you will soon become the strongest backbone of the Eastern Emperor Sect.”
“I hope so. Haha.”
After parting ways with Tao Qing, Jiang Chen stepped into the Galaxy Water Spring and realized that Qu Tianshu was taking a nap. He looked relaxed and enjoyed himself. Those disciples would never have a chance to enjoy this water spring but he made this place a place to sleep.
Jiang Chen shook his head while smiling. The moment he immersed himself in the Milky Way Ice Spring, the Cold Icy Throne of the Myriad Qi Cauldron was trembling. When he was trying to remove the Cold Icy Throne, a hundred foot worth of Ice Water Spring was absorbed in a twinkling of an eye. While Cold Icy Throne was extremely cold and frozen.
Jiang Chen was stunned after noticing the water of the Ice Water Spring being absorbed. Not only that, he was startled seeing Qu Tianshu who was almost naked.
How could that be the body of an old man with a beard. Jiang Chen could vaguely see his skin that looked smooth and fine through a layer of tulle.
He even had two breasts, undeniably, this sect’s elder was obviously a woman.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2593 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2594


I will eliminate you in three strikes
“Ah…….”
A loud and sharp screaming almost pierced through Jiang Chen’s eardrum. When Qu Tianshu opened his eyes, she was already well-dressed. This happened in a blink of an eye. Jiang Chen was very clear that what had happened was reality.
Jiang Chen subconsciously took a step back because the incomparably ruthless weapon just slashed by his head.
*Weng….*
The sword broke the void apart with a cold aura. Jiang Chen kept taking steps backwards to guard himself. He immediately used the dragon transformation art, but the opponent’s sword qi was still extremely terrifying. It kept slashing through the void with irresistible momentum.
Jiang Chen did not even have the chance to see the guy clearly but he had already been repulsed.
“True Dragon Palm!”
Jiang Chen sent out a blow, smashing against the void, which collided with the sword. The two of them were both sent flying backwards, their strength was apparently neck to neck. Jiang Chen and Qu Tianshu stared at each other. Qu Tianshu had already turned into a man and looked at Jiang Chen coldly.
“What a daring disciple who dared to step into the icy spring. You should know that it’s a capital crime.”
Qu Tianshu said in a deep voice while pointing her sword towards Jiang Chen with an overflowing killing intent.
“I am a new disciple of Eastern Emperor Sect. Our sect lord allowed me to come here for recovery. Forgive me, Elder Qu.” Jiang Chen said humbly.
“I did not see anything.” Qu Tianshu said coldly.
Jiang Chen shrugged.
“Sect Lord allowed you to come here? Do you think you can escape misfortune with that excuse?”
Qu Tianshu smiled coldly, taking action once again. Jiang Chen immediately dodged the attack. Although he was not inferior at all under the attack, he chose to retreat himself. Qu Tianshu’s sword was overbearing but it failed to cause any harm to him. With the Nine Phantom Wolves and the Great Void Technique, Qu Tianshu could not catch him at all.
However, Qu Tianshu did not slow down at all, and Jiang Chen could feel that she was full of anger and would never let him go alive.
“If you don’t stop, I am going to tell everyone that their Elder Qu is a woman!’
Jiang Chen roared angrily. At this moment, Qu Tianshu stopped and stared at Jiang Chen coldly. Qu Tianshu was gritting her teeth, looking furious.
“If you dare to do so, I am going to kill you without a place to bury yourself.” Qu Tianshu said.
“Let’s see if I would dare to do so. Elder Qu, I have no grudges with you and I don’t want to be your enemy as well. I just accidently saw something that I should not see.”
“How dare you say so.”
Qu Tianshu’s eyes were full of anger.
“No no no. I didn’t mean that. How about we act as if nothing happened today? I will definitely keep my mouth shut. However, if you continue attacking, I bet that you will not gain anything at all. I will even tell everyone that you’re a woman. Do you think that’s good to the both of us?” Jiang Chen said faintly.
Qu Tianshu gritted her teeth fiercely but she had no choice in resolving this as well. It had been a long time ever since she acted like a woman in Eastern Emperor Sect.
“I hope that you remember your words.”
Although Qu Tianshu was full of anger, she realised that her strength was not enough to defeat this Late Heavenly God. It was really unbelievable. What was the background of this guy?
“If I go against my words, I will be struck and splitted by lightning. I will keep my words.” Jiang Chen said seriously.
“Have you absorbed all the spring water here?”
Qu Tianshu frowned and asked.
“Should be……”
Qu Tianshu looked at Jiang Chen, startled.
“Let’s act as if nothing happened today, otherwise I will kill you. Remember what I said.”
As soon as she finished talking, Qu Tianshu immediately left the place. Jiang Chen could not help but smile bitterly. Was there any relation between the Cold Icy Throne and the spring water here?
He took out the Cold Icy Throne. When he sat on the throne, he felt like stepping into the ice spring. He was thrilled as all the ice spring water was absorbed by the Cold Icy Throne. Right now the ice spring has become a kind of decoration.
Jiang Chen left the ice spring. The entire Eastern Emperor Sect was rolling at this moment. Ling Guang, who came to Eastern Emperor Sect to fight for one of the slots for the Nine County Competition, was the first one to come to Jiang Chen.
Under the Eastern Emperor Mountain, a black-clothed man who was holding a long spear came to block Jiang Chen’s way.
“Are you the new disciple?”
Li Guang held his long spear and pointed it to Jiang Chen as if he wanted to challenge him. Jiang Chen found him very annoying as he was too arrogant.
He was a Half-step Divine King and that was why he was so arrogant.
Jiang Chen looked at Ling Guang without saying a word. His cold eyes had irritated Ling Guang.
“I have heard that you managed to ascend to the peak of Emperor Extremity Mountain. I really want to see if you are that capable.”
Ling Guang smiled coldly.
“Who are you?”
Jiang Chen smiled and remained calm. However, the surrounding people were already discussing them. Both Jiang Chen and Ling Guang did not show any intention of taking a step back. The gap between their cultivation realm was not small at all, however, Jiang Chen was the only one who managed to ascend to the peak of Emperor Extremity Mountain.
“Hahaha. the more wit the less courage. Then, I am going to give you a lesson to let you know what a true expert looks like. I am going to say something out loud here: Even the elders of the sect were not able to ascend to the peak of Emperor Extremity Mountain before. What does that mean? That means you are still worthless in those elders’ eyes.”
Ling Guang’s sharp words seem to have gained the public’s approval. Even though Jiang Chen had ascended the peak, did it indicate that Jiang Chen was invincible? It doesn’t seem so.
“Yes, Ling Guang was right. Even if Jiang Chen was able  to ascend the peak, it did not mean that he could defeat everyone. Those elders were unable to ascend the peak as well. Forgive me for being rude: Even the sect lord was unable to ascend the peak. But can we say that the sect lord is not a match for Jiang Chen?”
“Ling Guang wanted to gain back his reputation. Before Jiang Chen, he was the most popular amongst the people. Ever since Jiang Chen appeared, he started losing his support. Hahaha.”
That’s right. Two tigers can’t stay together on the same mountain. For the outer disciples, they would only have one slot to enter the Nine County Competition. Only one could enter the competition.”
“I am really looking forward to seeing if Jiang Chen is really competent.”
Jiang Chen smiled as he knew that he needed to kill all of these people to show them that they were not invincible.
“As you wish, I will eliminate you within three strikes.”
Jiang Chen’s words had aroused the public’s excitement. Jiang Chen was even more overbearing than Ling Guang. His sword qi had also become stronger.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2594 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2595


Chapter 2595
c
2nd of the week!
Do support us in Patreon if you are able to, so that we can continue translating the novel for you! 🙂
“You’re being too arrogant. Who do you think you are?”
Ling Guang looked at Jiang Chen with disdain. He then took a step forward and drew out his long spear. The spear was shedding rays of light in all directions.
“You hadn’t even reached the Divine King Realm yet. I think you have no right to exult over me and despise me.
Jiang Chen’s eyes looked sharp and fierce. Both of them were ready for an intense battle.
Ling Guang made the first move, immediately launching a strike. His spear stuck out like a dragon, shimmering with overbearing spear light and sweeping over the void. Everyone within a hundred meters radius were forced to close their eyes due to the brilliant shining light.
Ling Guang went berserk and cut off Jiang Chen’s retreat in the blink of an eye. His spear skills had reached its limit and he had exerted everything he got in his bag of tricks to deal with a Late Heavenly God. His overwhelming spear had made the crowd feel stressed. Those Half-step Divine King experts held their breath, looking solemn.
Jiang Chen looked calm and indifferent. The moment when Ling Guang rushed at Jiang Chen and struck out with his spear and pierced through him, Jiang Chen remained unmoved. Jiang Chen launched a powerful blow, stirring up a storm. The two attacks collided, and Ling Guang was defeated by Jiang Chen. The strike looked harmless and gentle, but it later exploded into a powerful strength which was actually earth-shattering and formidable. It had driven Ling Guang to the wall successfully.
Ling Guang stood up again with his spear in hand. That terrifying power aroused the blood in his body. Jiang Chen did not exert his full strength yet to avoid burning his bridge. Otherwise, he would suffer injury at the same time by exerting such a powerful blow.
Ling Guang’s eyes were filled with astonishment as he had never expected Jiang Chen to have such a strong combat strength. It was unbelievable that a Late Heavenly God could defeat a Half-step Divine King. However, Jiang Chen did it successfully, calmly and leisurely.
“It’s terrifying. I guess only a few Half-step Divine Kings could resist such a powerful blow.”
“This only showed that Jiang Chen is not an ordinary person judging from this blow. The battle between Jiang Chen and Ling Guang will be worth watching.”
“Haha. It sounds wonderful. I told you that this Jiang Chen is not simple. It seems to be interesting now.”
The crowd opened their eyes, looking forward to the battle. Ling Guang was one of the strongest disciples in their sect, which was also a Half-step Divine King. He was respected by others even in the Eastern Emperor Sect. There were no more than two hundred Half-step Divine King Realm experts in the entire Eastern Emperor Sect. Moreover, there were all disciples who had been practising for over a hundred years. This only showed that it was not an easy task for Ling Guang to obtain such outstanding achievements in the Half-step Divine King Realm.
There were a lot of strong Half-step Divine King experts, but only a few of them could reach the Divine King Realm. Most of them had been spending a lifetime waiting for an opportunity in making a breakthrough. Only ten to twenty of them could advance to the Divine King Realm while there were hundreds of Half-step Divine Kings in total. This showed that it was extremely difficult to achieve the Divine King Realm. Hence, even one of the most formidable disciples in Eastern Emperor Sect, Donghuang Taiji, had been struggling in the Half-step Divine King Realm for ten years. However, he was still considered as the strongest expert who was most likely to make a breakthrough to the Divine King Realm in these three years.
Ling Guang was also considered as the most outstanding Half-step Divine Kings. Otherwise, how could he stand out from countless disciples?
“Great great great. You did well.”
Even though Ling Guang said that, he was full of killing intent at this moment. He would lose his position in the Eastern Emperor Sect if this guy stayed in the sect. Furthermore, there was merely one slot available for the Nine County Competition. He did not believe that Jiang Chen would join the Eastern Emperor Sect without any purpose at this sensitive time.
“Go to hell! No one could save you now.”
Ling Guang roared wildly and soared to the sky. The shadow of the spear spread over the void and countless radiance of the spear were falling from the sky like a heavy rainstorm. Jiang Chen raised his eyebrow and he was completely wrapped up in the Five Elemental Trigram Fire Formation. The shadow of the spears covered the sky and concealed the void.
The five flames and light shields around Jiang Chen immediately fused together when he crooked and snapped his fingers. It was shedding with bright shining radiance which was dazzling. This was even more terrifying than Ling Guang’s spear light.
“Three Thousand Flames Dragon Seal!”
Jiang Chen struck out a seal that was as heavy as a mountain. Ling Guang looked cold and gloomy while the others heaved a cold breath. Jiang Chen was exceedingly strong which made Ling Guang, a strong expert Half-step Divine King, unable to strike back. The three Thousand Flames Dragon Seal was like an ancient fire dragon devouring the universe. Ling Guang took some steps backward, and the other disciples around fled in all directions. The fire dragon swallowed Ling Guang completely with remarkable speed.
“Impossible!”
Ling Guang roared in a low voice but his roar was engulfed by the Three Thousand Flames Dragon Seal. The seal disappeared and the fire was burnt up eventually. Only some dark ashes were left and there was a moment of dead silence.
When Jiang Chen launched another blow, but Ling Guang, a Half-step Divine King, could not even resist the attack. At this moment, everyone’s hearts were trembling in shock. Jiang Chen was like a devil with such an unbeatable battle capability. Even Divine King experts should think twice when dealing with him. No one dared to talk much, fixing their glance at Jiang Chen intensely. Their eyes were full of admiration and nervousness as they felt afraid that they would be burned up into ashes like Ling Guang if Jiang Chen went wild again.
Jiang Chen seemed overbearing and cruel. No one had expected this battle to end with such a dramatic result. It was meaningless to make any comparison. No wonder Jiang Chen treated the challenge as a joke as Ling Guang was like a ridiculous clown playing tricks in front of him. Jiang Chen did not condescend to him at first.
No one showed any sympathy for Ling Guang’s death and his corpse could not even be found. It was turned into ashes. He got what he deserved.
It stirred a storm among the disciples of Eastern Emperor Sect. Everyone was ready to have a good laugh at Jiang Chen but watched Ling Guang shame himself and lose his life, instead. This was truly a sorrowful ending.
Those who were doubtful of Jiang Chen’s strength previously, remained silent at this moment.
“His skill is just amazing. It’s not easy to do that.”
There was laughter echoing through the void. Jiang Chen did not turn his back but a dark shadow approached.
“It’s our second senior brother. Is he going to join the battle?”
“It’s just useless for him to fight Jiang Chen as our great senior brother or him will be the one to get those final slots for sure.”
“I think our second senior brother is just bored. Haha. He gained interest in Jiang Chen when he saw Jiang Chen killed Ling Guang with such ease.”
“I heard that our second senior brother is going to break through to the Divine King Realm within three years. It seems like he is going to make Jiang Chen practice with him.”
“Hahaha. I think you’re right. Our great senior brother has already reached the Divine King Realm while our second senior brother is only second to our senior brother. Is there anyone who would dare to fight against him?”
Some of them were feeling pity for Jiang Chen. There was a saying that the shot hits the birds that pokes its head out. Jiang Chen’s strength had gained the attention of Donghuang Taiji and he used to be extremely arrogant. Except Donghuang TaiA who could constrain him in the entire Eastern Emperor Sect, he despised everyone in the sect.
“Are you going to challenge me?”
Jiang Chen smiled.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2595 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2596


The Imposing Manner of an Overlord
Donghuang Taiji frowned and shook his head. This fella… is pretty interesting.
“You do not have that qualification, Donghuang Taiji.
“I, Jiang Chen, may not be famous now, but soon, the whole Eastern Emperor Sect. No, the whole Qilian Region, no, at least the Lone Dragon County will be shaken by the name Jiang Chen.”
Woah…
Jiang Chen’s statement was over the top. So now, where did he place Donghuang Taiji? He doesn’t even care about the Eastern Emperor Sect, or even the Qilian Region. Now, everyone thought Jiang Chen was too arrogant, and maybe somewhat too boastful. Does he really think he’s the reincarnation of a God Emperor? Although he was able to impress them with his current abilities, he’s still not at the level where he can look down on everyone else.
“That joke, it’s not funny. I admit that I’m pretty arrogant, but compared to you, I really can’t compare against you.” Donghuang Taiji said with a smile but the coldness in his eyes gave off extreme pressure.
Donghuang Taiji’s smirk told the whole Eastern Emperor Sect that he’s really mad.
“You’re the first to dare challenge me except for that fella. Wanna play?”
“You wanna play? Let’s play.” Jiang Chen shrugged.
Even though this fella was the second strongest disciple of the Eastern Emperor Sect, in Jiang Chen’s perspective, he’s not much of a challenge.
“I won’t kill you. But you better lay low in the future, especially when you’re in the Eastern Emperor Sect.” Donghuang Taiji said.
“Is that the respect you’re giving me? Alright, then, I will not kill you too.”
Jiang Chen and Donghuang Taiji stared at each other. Both of them were smiling brightly. At this moment, it did not feel like they were fighting, it felt like two great friends were chatting.
“Slippery tongue. I don’t like it.” Donghuang Taiji sighed as he launched himself forward.
“It’s not a slippery tongue, but confidence and fact. I am not aiming at anyone but the Eastern Emperor Sect’s disciples are pretty trashy.” Jiang Chen said.
Donghuang Taiji was further angered by Jiang Chen’s words and he looked at him coldly.
“Of course, this problem disappeared the moment I joined the Eastern Emperor Sect.”
Donghuang Taiji’s smile had already frozen as he punched towards Jiang Chen. The latter also struck back. They clashed with each other, using their fist. Their fist was coated with domineering qi as they struck each other with destructive strength. Jiang Chen did not use any fancy moves as he clashed with Donghuang Taiji.
Both of them punched back and forth. The audience were shocked. Their view towards Jiang Chen improved once again, especially now, as he was facing Donghuang Taiji’s fist with his body. Not everyone had such confidence, because the Eastern Emperor Limitless Art was famed for giving the cultivator a great physical body. It allows the user of the art to improve one’s body to its limit, which then allows one to emit astral qi from within one’s body.
“This fella is able to  go toe-to-toe against Second Brother?! Isn’t he terrifying?!”
“Impossible, Second Brother is probably just testing him.”
“But… this fella is pretty scary.”
The battle between Jiang Chen and Donghuang Taiji was getting fiercer and faster. Each of their strikes were blinding and daunting, moving the hearts of the crowd.
Jiang Chen’s fist was extremely domineering, as the Dragon Transformation Art had thoroughly forged his body to the peak. His body was now as sturdy as a dragon, probably even stronger. He was even able to go toe-to-toe against Donghuang Taiji without using the Dragon Transformation art.
Donghuang Taiji felt pretty shocked. With his strength and in addition to the Eastern Emperor Limitless Art, how could he not put this fella down?
Donghuang Taiji dared not to dawdle as Jiang Chen’s strength had gone past his expectations. He did not look down on his foe but Jiang Chen still managed to come at him with force and domineering vigor. Both of them did not hold back as they clashed against one another.
“This is truly a battle between prodigies.” Donghuang Zuoqing said in a heartfelt manner.
“Agreed. Taiji, that boy, I bet no one could control him if it wasn’t for that heaven-defying monster. Taiji is a top-tier expert even in the whole Qilian Region.” Tao Qing said with a smile.
“However, this Jiang Chen is pretty good too, I think he may not lose to Taiji.”
“Oh? Really? Looks like you’re pretty confident in him.” Donghuang Zuoqing’s eyes were filled with shock.
“Hard to say, that fella is not simple. Perhaps, the whole Eastern Emperor Sect will thoroughly explode if that fella defeats Taiji. Hehe.”
“I hope, but my disciple will not go down that easily.”
“If he defeats Taiji… then he can probably join the Thunder Rush Sea.” Tao Qing said.
“The Thunder Rush Sea  is not something for us to decide. There are only two slots for that. The Thunder Rush Sea has a great tsunami every thousand years, you could say it’s an opportunity but also a kind of hell.” Donghuang Zuoqing sighed as he shook his head helplessly.
That’s because he had once entered the Thunder Rush Sea a thousand years ago. He was a disciple then, he watched his fellow brothers get swept up by that tsunami, not being able to do anything to help, making him feel that sometimes, human strength is limited. Donghuang Zuoqing was afraid of the Thunder Rush Sea. However, he needed to face it again as a thousand years had already passed.
In an instant, the fight between Jiang Chen and Donghuang Taiji was reaching its climax. Both of them, trying to put the other down with their fist. But Jiang Chen’s ability to take a beating and combat strength has gone beyond Taiji’s expectations.
“I don’t wanna play with you anymore. Eastern Emperor Limitless Art!”
Donghuang Taiji unleashed his greatest technique, the Eastern Emperor Limitless Art, the greatest cultivation technique of the Eastern Emperor Sect. Taiji unleashed his full might towards Jiang Chen, wanting to overpower him.
“Eastern Emperor Limitless Art, is it? Let’s see whether my Dragon Transformation Art is better than that!”
Terrifying aura of a dragon soul shook the air after Jiang Chen unleashed the Dragon Transformation art. He then struck out a punch. It’s as if the sky would be punctured with his punch alone. The Eastern Emperor Limitless Art versus the Dragon Transformation Art. The millions of dragon marks within Jiang Chen’s body instantly erupted. He could fight on-par against Divine Kings when he’s in this form. Elder Qu Tianshu was also a Divine King, and he wasn’t afraid of her as he had the Dragon Transformation Art.
Jiang Chen and Donghuang Taiji clashed once again, pushing the crowd back as the earth and mountain quaked. The terrifying after shock was tremendous.
Donghuang Taiji was pushed back by Jiang Chen’s single punch, and was sent reeling backwards. Although he managed to stabilize his form, his expression was extremely ugly.
That punch had an imposing manner of an overlord, the might of the dragon transformation art cannot be stopped.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2596 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2597


Inexplicable Gaze
“Eastern Emperor Spirit Severing Bell!”
The surrounding divine origin energy gathered onto Donghuang Taiji’s body. Then, a giant golden divine bell magically formed; the golden illusory bell possessed a terrifying pressure. Jiang Chen was moved. It’s probably a technique that’s derived  from the Eastern Emperor Bell.
“True Dragon Palm!”
Jiang Chen clashed with the divine bell with his palm. Both of them were thrown backwards. Jiang Chen’s eyes lit up. This Donghuang Taiji did not disappoint him. At least he was stronger than Ling Guang by a hundred times. Jiang Chen did not step back. He instead formed a seal in his hand and struck out the Five Elements Battle Dragon Seal towards the enemy. He who had the help of the Dragon Transformation was too powerful, he could easily defeat Half-Step Divine Kings and fight on-par with a genuine Divine King.
“Unparalleled Divine Bell!”
Donghuang Taiji moved the golden divine bell with his divine origin energy. But this time, it was weaker than before. Because Taiji was already injured from that blow before. He couldn’t withstand Jiang Chen’s power which was on-par with those Divine Kings.
Jiang Chen rushed forward once again, Donghuang Taiji was forced to face him with his full might. Even then, the Five Elements Battle Dragon Seal still shattered his golden divine bell and violent force qi spread across the field. Donghuang Taiji kept getting pushed back; he staggered and coughed out blood with an ugly expression.
“Is this real? Not even Second Brother is his match?”
“This fella is terrifying, Second Brother looks like he’s losing momentum.”
“Second Brother will certainly lose to him if this continues.”
Donghuang Zuoqing’s expression slightly changed, but he didn’t say anything. Donghuang Taiji was too impatient, thus giving Jiang Chen a chance. The current Tiaji was already getting controlled by Jiang Chen.
“Lad, you forced me.”
Donghuang Taiji slowly stood straight with a cold expression. His eyes were extremely violent.
“Eastern Emperor Bell, rise. Heaven and Earth, limitless! Fusion!”
Donghuang Taiji fused with the bell as he rushed towards Jiang Chen with peerless might.
“Not bad, but you’re still not my match in the end.” Jiang Chen said indifferently.
He then unsheathed the Heavenly Dragon Sword, Donghuang Taiji’s fusion with the bell was cut apart by Jiang Chen with a single draw. Tiaji felt the threat of death for the first time as the terrifying sword qi cut across the air. Jiang Chen’s blade was much faster, fiercer and dominating than before.
Jiang Chen’s sword intent has reached another level after one month of training. Although not as powerful as Sword Saint, he’s still stronger compared to before. With a single slash, Donghuang Taiji’s momentum was cut apart and blown back. At that moment, Taiji who had changed into the divine bell was shattered, the whole Eastern Emperor Sect was shocked by the result. Including Donghuang Zuoqing, he doesn’t feel good naturally as his disciple got beaten.
Donghuang Taiji who was mighty, who claims that he’s invincible below the Divine King Realm. Yet he was defeated by Jiang Chen, someone who has just entered the Eastern Emperor Sect in less than a day. One who had beaten two great experts. Taiji’s position and fame within the Eastern Emperor Sect was a given and Jiang Chen defeated him in front of all the disciples.
Honestly, Jiang Chen had become an extremely powerful presence within the Eastern Emperor Sect, one that was below Great Brother Donghuang Tai’a.
“I’ve lost.” Donghuang Taiji sneered, his eyes were filled with boundless sadness and loneliness.
He knew that he would certainly die if Jiang Chen really wanted to kill him. His initial sarcasm and arrogance had now become a joke. He had become a joke to the whole Eastern Emperor Sect.
At this moment, a beautiful and graceful azure-robed girl came and stood in front of Duanghuang Taiji, to protect him.
“Yun’er, I lost, I lost, thoroughly.” Donghuang Taiji suddenly smiled brightly but the sadness deep within his heart was known by nobody.
Yun’er smiled with grace and her gentle eyes made Donghuang Taiji’s heart calmed a little.
“I believe, I believe that you’re stronger than anyone.” Yun’er said.
Donghuang Taiji calmed down after Yun’er’s words.
“But I still lost, I lost to my big brother and lost to this person. Perhaps, one day, I will still lose.”
Yun’er grabbed Donghuang Taiji’s arm tightly and gave him a gentle kiss.
Then, Yun’er looked at Jiang Chen and silently nodded:
“Thank you, although my man has lost. But there will be a time when he wins. Failure should not be feared, what should be feared is to not stand up again after losing. I believe he’s not such a man.”
Jiang Chen was stunned by the lady’s statement. He smiled and nodded. He never planned to kill Donghuang Taiji because although he’s arrogant, he’s not as bad as Ling Guang, that loathful man. Plus, it would be impossible for him to kill Taiji.
Someone else would certainly help him if he really wanted to kill him. Then, he’ll certainly be put on a difficult path.
“If you don’t even have the courage of a woman, then the person I defeated today was no expert but a coward. I am very disappointed.” Jiang Chen turned back and left, and glanced at Yun’er.
Her gaze was filled with despair and anticipation. Weird…
At that moment, Donghuang Taiji silently stared at Jiang Chen. His heart forgives himself for failing. But the one he should thank was probably Yun’er.
“You’re the only hero in this world in my point of view.” Yun’er said quietly, making countless disciples of the Eastern Emperor Sect be envious.
Donghuang Taiji shook his head and smiled bitterly. What do I have to let you regard me that highly?
“It’s not shameful to lose against Big Brother, Donghuang Tai’a is not just a name, it’s a legend. Whereas the person I love is the real Donghuang Taiji, I shall always be right behind you, no matter how glorious you’ll get or how lonely you’ll fall.”
Donghuang Taiji slowly understood that although it was hard for him to swallow his failure, there are others who understood his greatness.
“I think today’s failure may not be a bad thing for Taiji, that boy.” Tao Qing looked at Donghuang Zuoqing and said.
“You’re right. It’s not a good thing for him to be overconfident, if he cannot stand up again after losing to Jiang Chen, then he would’ve lost thoroughly. But if he could absorb this experience, then he might probably reach the Divine King Realm sooner than he expected. Moreover, the Thunder Rush Sea will also make him understand that he’s not invincible amongst his peers. There are always people more powerful out there. This Jiang Chen will probably help him move further.
Donghuang Zuoqing smiled lightly as he turned and left.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2597 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2598


Thunder Rush Sea
Jiang Chen’s procedure in entering the sect has been arranged by Tao Qing. Tao Qing knew that the Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pill wasn’t given out for free.
Jiang Chen cultivated for 15 days in the Eastern Emperor Sect. The Cold Ice Throne has become a divine treasure that allowed him to devour divine origin energy, the Destruction Ice God… Jiang Chen did not know who or what was that person. But that person had done a good deed.
In that 15 days, Jiang Chen silently cultivated. He was oblivious that the whole Eastern Emperor Sect had gone into utter chaos. Jiang Chen, who had suddenly appeared, was invincible, defeating the number two of the sect, Donghuang Taiji. Who can defeat him? With the Great Brother, Donghuang Tai’a, coming out of seclusion soon, the greatest talk right now was to have Jiang Chen and Tai’a fight against each other, to show the disciples of the Eastern Emperor Sect what’s the meaning of true might.
But how strong was Donghuang Tai’a? He had reached the Divine King Realm and nobody knew exactly when was he coming out from his seclusion except for the Sect Lord. This time, Tai’a will certainly reach a greater height. In the opinion of the people, Jiang Chen doesn’t have what it takes to defeat Tai’a.
But the most shocking thing was, Jiang Chen absorbed all the water from the ice spring, not leaving a single drop behind. All the elders were angry because of this, it was too much, what should they do in the future?
That Milky Way Ice Spring can only produce a small bucket of water every year. Now, a whole pool of that water was absorbed by Jiang Chen alone, how can they not be angered? But those elders were wary of Jiang Chen’s might, as what he had done was not a feat that could be done by anyone else. Plus, the Sect Lord did not summon nor ask any question, which was the most curious part of all.
In this period, Jiang Chen was happily relaxing. After defeating Donghuang Tiaji, nobody in the Eastern Emperor Sect wanted to challenge him anymore.
Tao Qing came to his place twice and Jiang Chen felt grateful as he told some secrets of the Eastern Emperor Sect. He could now practice and train the Eastern Emperor Limitless Art of the sect. This Eastern Emperor Limitless Art was a cultivation method that has existed since the ancient past. Jiang Chen would certainly reach mastery in no time if he cultivated it with his current abilities. But Tao Qing did not know that the Dragon Transformation Art he had was on-par or even greater than the Eastern Emperor Limitless Art.
Jiang Chen didn’t know how powerful the Eastern Emperor Limitless Art was if it was exhibited by a true Eastern Emperor Sect expert. But at least, for now, he believed that the Dragon Transformation Art was better than the Eastern Emperor Limited Art.
But there was one another thing that made him curious, the Thunder Rush Sea.
Only the Qilian Region possesses the Thunder Rush Sea, yet it connects to the vast boundless sea with a depth of at least ten million meters, it’s unknown where’s the end on both downwards and on the other side of the sea.
Some say that the end of the Thunder Rush Sea was an endless vast sea, some say that the end of the sea was the centre of the Northern Cold Divine Region, there were also some who said that the edge of the sea was the place where divine soil of the central region gathers. But no matter how, the mystery and greatness of the Thunder Rush Sea was evident. Plus, the Thunder Rush Sea’s tsunami occurs every 1000 years, that tsunami towers a million meters… an extreme sight to behold.
Every end of the tsunami, countless treasures would be washed up to the Wind and Thunder Canyon. Most importantly, the Wind and Thunder Canyon would only appear after the tsunami subsides. The baptism of wind and thunder of the Wind and Thunder Canyon was also sought after by many. One could undergo great change with that baptism. The said canyon was also an ancient ruin, where people would go and pursue their own luck.
Legend has it that… long ago, there were people who had obtained ancient divine tools, the corpse of a God Emperor in the canyon, and other extremely valuable treasures.
“I think you ought to visit the Eastern Emperor Sect’s library. The reason that the Sect Lord sent me here… is for the hope that you’ll think Eastern Emperor Sect as your own home. The lord isn’t mad about you taking all the spring water too. This shows how important you are to the sect lord, you’re not an outer disciple. No matter what reason you had for entering our sect… but we are taking you seriously. I believe Brother Jiang is an understanding man. I will never forget the gratitude of the pill.”
Jiang Chen smiled.
“I will keep in mind on what Big Brother Tao has said.”
“The library of the Eastern Emperor Sect should be worth your time. Not everyone has access to the Eastern Emperor Limitless Art, other than the Sect Lord, elders and the high rankers, and there are only less than 100 core disciples who have cultivated the art. The history of the Eastern Emperor Sect is long, there are bound to have some things that you aren’t aware about.” Tao Qing said quietly, advising him.
Jiang Chen was also curious. Looks like I’ll have to visit the library myself. Although the Dragon Transformation Art isn’t weaker than the Eastern Emperor Limitless Art, I may probably get some unexpected surprise from there.
“Also, the journey to the Thunder Rush Sea was originally for 4 people. Now that we included you, it’s five, the third elder Donghuang Zuoqing, the sixth elder Donghuang Yan, Donghuang  Taiji and Murong Yun’er.” Tao Qing said.
Jiang Chen was itching to find out what was the deal with the Thunder Rush Sea, the fiery heart of his couldn’t be calmed. But he had a question, that was Murong Yun’er.
“She’s also the core disciple of the sect?” Jiang Chen asked curiously as his brow raised.
That gaze of hers caught him somewhat off-guard.
“She joined the sect 10 years ago and became a core disciple now. Although she’s weaker than Donghuang Taiji, she’s at least top 10 amongst the core disciples.”
“Murong Yun’er, are we related? The way she looks at me, it’s pretty weird.”
“Hahaha, don’t be so narcissistic, Murong Yun’er and Donghuang Taiji’s relationship is extremely great. You don’t have to worry about that.” Tao Qing said.
“Alright, save me the trouble, a splendid man like me is destined to be the dreams of all women wherever I go.” Jiang Chen said confidently.
“Cough cough, I think you should go have a look at the Eastern Emperor Sect’s library. Prepare yourself for the Thunder Rush Sea trip seven days later. You’ll meet the true top experts of the Qilian Region there. The top ten sects will probably be there. Then, it’ll be a gathering of heroes. Although you’ve defeated Donghuang Taiji, it doesn’t mean that you can reign supreme amongst the younger generation of the Qilian Region. At least, not now. But I believe that day will come soon.”
Tao Qing left and Jiang Chen looked at him with eyes of gratitude. The Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pill had reaped in more rewards that he expected. Plus, Tao Qing was a pretty great guy too.
Jiang Chen went to the Eastern Emperor Sect’s library after Tao Qing left. The guarding old man looked at Jiang Chen, that unmoving brows of his slightly raised and said:
“Are you the one who conquered the Emperor Extremity Mountain?”
“Yes.” Jiang Chen said as he looked at the old man without fear.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2598 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2599


To massacre billions of immortals in a single blade!
“Great, enter. The books in this place can be read and meditated but cannot be taken out. Those who violate this rule will be killed on the spot! Since you’re specially approved by the Sect Lord, you may access the three floors of the pavilion.”
Jiang Chen entered the library. The three floors of the pavilion were around a hundred Zhang tall, it was magnificent. However, it was built right beside a gigantic mountain, making it small in comparison. Jiang Chen could see that there’s a formation covering the library. Even he couldn’t completely break through this formation. It must’ve been set up by a formation master.
Jiang Chen browsed through the books on the first floor and found nothing that was worth his time. He then moved up to the second floor, it was much more spacious. The disciples of the sect had already imprinted the techniques and memorized it in their heart, there’s no need for them to come and visit every day, hence there wasn’t anyone on the first floor.
On the second floor, Jiang Chen saw someone, Elder Qu Tianshu.
Grey-white hair, a pair of sharp eyes. Jiang Chen couldn’t help but smile. They’ve met each other once but the memory of it was still fresh. However, Jiang Chen did not know what Qu Tianshu looked like as he could only recall the sexy figure of hers.
“Elder Qu, how are you?”
“You again, hmph.” Qu Tianshu sneered and gave Jiang Chen a stare.
Obviously, she didn’t want to see Jiang Chen as he had something that could be used against her.
Jiang Chen was unfazed and just shrugged as he turned and started looking for books on the other side.
“What are you looking for?” Qu Tianshu asked.
“Eastern Emperor Limitless Art.” Jiang Chen said.
“Eastern Emperor Limitless Art, to practice and reach its maximum efficiency, one must be of the bloodline of the Donghuang Clan. Do you think you can do it? Chet.” Qu Tianshu was somewhat disdainful.
“I just wanna have a look, that’s all. The Eastern Emperor Limitless Art is worthless to me.” Jiang Chen said with a smile.
“Arrogant fella, do you think you’re invincible? You dare speak with such tone towards me, how many lives have  you taken away?” Qu Tianshu’s tone became colder.
“You’re intentionally going against me, can I assume that you’ve taken a liking on me because I’ve seen your naked body? Trying to pester me? ” Jiang Chen said in a mysterious tone.
“You… You’re shameless.” Qu Tianshu said angrily.
Jiang Chen knew that under that old skin, a lady was hiding beneath it.
“That appearance of yours is but a disguise. Everyone knows that I’m here in the sect but you’re different. I advise that you better not push my buttons, otherwise, that alchemist elder position of yours will be gone.”
“You dare threaten me?”
“So what? Reading such a trashy alchemy book, I fear that your position is just for show. Hehe.” Jiang Chen said.
Qu Tianshu was fuming with anger. This boy dare question me, he’s too cocky.
“You, child, are truly supercilious, this old one… You’re probably still sucking on your mother’s tits when I started concocting pills. A boy dares to discuss the ways of pill concoction? Shameless. Or could it be that you’re also an alchemist?” Qu Tianshu said sarcastically.
“I, too, am an alchemist. Although not too great, but at least slightly better than you.” Jiang Chen said proudly.
“Come and brag at me when you can concoct a Supreme Grade pill.” Qu Tianshu said.
Jiang  Chen smiled bitterly, Qu Tianshu’s smirk became greater. Not able to even concoct a Supreme Grade Pill, hmph, he’s probably just all-talk and no bite.
Jiang Chen sighed. Supreme Grade Pills, how long has it been since I’ve last made one? It’s not that I couldn’t make it… It’s too low of a level for me to make it. Jiang Chen didn’t want to continue his banter with Qu Tianshu anymore. Qu Tianshu was truly a despicable woman.
“I knew that you’re a coward with only talk and no bite.“ Qu Tianshu shook her head, not wanting to debate any further.
She felt that Jiang Chen did not have the qualification to do so. It’s best for both of them to not meddle with each other.
Jiang Chen browsed through the second floor and did not find the Eastern Emperor Limitless Art. However, he found a dusty broken book in the corner, the name on top of that book was one that shook his soul greatly, the ‘Sword of Solitude’.
“This is…”
When Jiang Chen flipped open the book ‘Sword of Solitude’, he saw the 4th, 5th, and 6th sword technique. His heart started to tremble.
“So, the ‘Sword of Solitude’ has more than three techniques.” Jiang Chen’s heart was shaken.
After going through that one month of learning and practicing, his sword art and techniques had improved greatly. Now, he was confident that he could unleash the third blade, Solitary. The might of that technique is certainly incomparable against the first and second technique. He originally thought that the ‘Sword of Solitude’ had only three techniques, but it looked like he was wrong, extremely wrong.
“This must be a forgotten peerless sword technique. In the eyes of others, the fourth blade is not great without the first three techniques. Looks like the first three blades were just the basics of the ‘Sword of Solitude’.”
Jiang Chen was in-awe.
“The fourth blade, Freezing Three Thousand Li.”
“The fifth blade, the Light of Stars”
“The sixth blade, Each Side of the Heavens.”
“I wonder if it has a seventh, eighth or ninth blade…”
Jiang Chen’s eyes shone brighter. However, he couldn’t unleash these three techniques without reaching the Divine King Realm. The fourth blade requires the first three blades as the base to unleash a domineering qi tofreez three thousand li. Whereby, the current him could barely unleash the third blade. And he couldn’t have attained it if it wasn’t for the Sword Saint.
Although he couldn’t practice the techniques now, he knew how powerful the ‘Sword of Solitude’ was. He couldn’t even imagine the might of the third blade, the fourth must be much more terrifying.
“Thanks to Tao Qing, otherwise, I would’ve missed the ‘Sword of Solitude’.”
When Jiang Chen flipped to the last page, a single line was written: I wish to ride the wind and return, to massacre billions of immortals in a single blade!
Jiang Chen could feel the might, the vigor and killing intent from those words, however, it also had a hint of sadness from it. Are these words left behind by the creator of the sword technique?
Jiang Chen did not know, but that aura affected him. He still couldn’t understand the essence of this sword art. He may probably understand it after he had become one with the technique. This ‘Sword of Solitude’ was truly scary.
Jiang Chen quickly kept the ‘Sword of Solitude’ away as if he found a treasure. Although it wasn’t permitted, he kept the book into the Myriad Qi Cauldron to isolate all connections with the outside world. No one will know that he took the book. Plus, this dusty old book was not practiced by anyone, who would notice it’s absence?
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2599 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2600


God Sealing Prohibition
When Jiang Chen reached the third floor, he finally saw the most obvious Eastern Emperor Limitless Art. When he opened the book, he finally felt the power of the technique, it was pretty strong, although not as strong as the Dragon Transformation Art, but it’s still strong nonetheless. However, he wouldn’t forgo his own art to train this technique. Instead, he saw another powerful technique, the ‘Divine Golden Bell: God Sealing Prohibition’.
Jiang Chen read it with interest. This God Sealing Prohibition was no simple offensive formation. It needed the Eastern Emperor Limitless Art as the foundation to summon the divine bell, and the divine bell acts as the base to unleash the God Sealing Prohibition.
“To summon the image of the Eastern Emperor Bell? I wonder if my real Eastern Emperor Bell could use this God Sealing Prohibition, or not?”
Jiang Chen’s eyes lit up. Would this God Sealing Prohibition succeed if I were to use the real Eastern Emperor Bell? If it does, then I can be invincible by sealing the gods.
He imprinted the ‘Divine Golden Bell: God Sealing Prohibition’ in his mind, so that he could practice it after going back, even if he can’t, there’s nothing to lose. However, this technique requires a sacrifice of a divine bell. Jiang Chen thought of the Eastern Emperor Bell as the base, it ought to work out…
He then browsed through the place for another round but there weren’t any techniques or books that interested him, he then left the third floor right after.
On the second floor, Jiang Chen saw Qu Tianshu was still researching that pill concoction book. His eyes started to glow a hint of happiness.
“The Great Bodhi Pill, Immortal Grade Pill, able to purify extreme toxins and poison, purify divine origin energy, and most importantly to save a person who’s on the verge of dying.” Jiang Chen said differently.
Qu Tianshu was shocked, turned and looked towards Jiang Chen. She didn’t expect that she, a Peak Early Divine King, wasn’t able to detect this Late Heavenly God who suddenly appeared behind her back.
“Just from seeing the Spirit Bodhi Grass and the Scarlet Essence Snow Lotus, I already knew what you’re trying to concoct. Looks like I may have underestimated you.”
Qu Tianshu was silently shocked. This fella, does he really know how to concoct pills?
“An Immortal Grade Pill, that’s all, it’s not some Peerless Saint Pill. But this pill is great for strengthening the yang, are you going to use it?”  Jiang Chen looked at Qu Tianshu with a weird smile.
“Scram!”
Qu Tianshu threw a punch and Jiang Chen immediately appeared between the border of the first and second floor. Originally, Qu Tianshu showed a tinge of shock and curiosity towards Jiang Chen, but it was now all gone. This fella is just all talk, he definitely does not know about the art of concoction.
“The most difficult part of the Great Bodhi Pill is the temperament of the Spirit Bodhi Grass and the dominance of the Scarlet Essence Snow Lotus. The success rate of fusing these two ingredients together is extremely low. Therefore, although the Great Bodhi Pill is the lowest Immortal Grade Pill, it’s still hard to succeed in it. The temperament of the Great Bodhi Grass could flow with the dominance of the Scarlet Essence Snow Lotus, by supporting one another only then could the maximum efficiency of the medicinal effect be brought upon, you’ll only fail if you forcefully merge them together.”
Jiang Chen’s voice reverberated in Qu Tianshu’s ears. She sneered with disdain.
On that night, Qu Tianshu put all her effort into concocting the Great Bodhi Pill, she concocted for three days straight, nine attempts and all failed. Every single time, when she was on the verge of forming the pill, it failed.
“Dammit, why is this Great Bodhi Pill so hard to concoct? I’ve already failed a dozen times, why can’t I do it?! There’s not much time left for Godfather.” Qu Tianshu was extremely stressed and her expression was solemn.
Her heart was set on completing the Great Bodhi Pill. Her Godfather got seriously injured from saving her 37 years ago, he was heavily poisoned. There was no cure after so many years. But after searching hard, she managed to get the recipe of the Great Bodhi Pill. Godfather will be saved as long as the Great Bodhi Pill could be concocted.
However, there was no development after so many years. There wasn’t one alchemist master that could concoct the Great Bodhi Pill in this Qilian Region. Not even the two  great alchemists in the Spirit Jade City could. Although Qu Tianshu had the recipe but they still couldn’t concoct it no matter what, that was the most painful part for her.
“Could what that damned brat say true?”
Qu Tianshu suddenly thought about what Jiang Chen had said before. The Spirit Bodhi Grass and Scarlet Essence Snow Lotus rejected one another because of their different attributes. It’s extremely hard to completely fuse the two ingredients together, she couldn’t succeed in the end. The Great Bodhi Pill had become a great challenge for her where she wasn’t able to succeed even after so many years.
“Let’s try it.”
Qu Tianshu followed Jiang Chen’s steps and tried it, however, she didn’t completely fuse the two ingredients together immediately but unleashed the uniqueness of each of the ingredients and forced the Great Bodhi Pill to form with the yin and yang style.
Qu Tianshu was extremely nervous. This time, she followed Jiang Chen’s method and fused the two ingredients together and managed to get a result. She was shocked, because the Great Bodhi Pill that she had spent 30 years concocting was finally made.
At this moment, Qu Tianshu stared at the Great Bodhi Pill in her palm and cried in joy. Thirty years, for the sake of staying beside her Godfather at his last moments, she chose to not leave him and tried all she could everyday. Today, the fruit of success was finally born and the merit of this belongs to Jiang Chen.
“That brat, is he that great? No, a Late Heavenly God fella, how great could he be? He’s just lucky, he couldn’t even concoct a Supreme Grade pill, it’s probably just luck that he knew about the Great Bodhi Pill.” Qu Tianshu thought, that must be it…
She couldn’t suppress her happiness as she took the Great Bodhi Pill and rushed towards her Godfather’s mansion.
“Godfather, Godfather, I managed to concoct the Great Bodhi Pill, hahaha.” Qu Tianshu said with a mad laugh.
The cave she was at was also the mansion where the Great Elder resided.
The Great Elder was wearing a robe that was rough and patched up, his expression was pale but his eyes were vigorous.
“Oh? You managed to concoct the Great Bodhi Pill?” The Great Elder was clearly surprised.
The Great Bodhi Pill was difficult to concoct, he understood that very well. Not even the two great master alchemists of the Spirit Jade City were able to do it. To think my adoptive daughter managed to succeed… The Great Elder was excited and happy, his predestined time of death was still far away, but he was on the verge of death due to this poison. Now, finally, a ray of hope had shone upon him.
“Yes, take it, quickly, Godfather.” Qu Tianshu said anxiously.
“Alright.”
The Great Elder took the Great Bodhi Pill and swallowed it, digesting it within his dantian. Qu Tianshu looked at him nervously, fearing something may go wrong.
In three hours, the Great Elder coughed out three mouthfuls of blood. More than half of the toxins within his meridians were forced out from his body. The medicinal effect of the Great Bodhi Pill had played its part.
“Great, great.” The Great Elder said with a smile as he wiped away the ink-ish poisoned blood from his lips.
“No, Godfather, you’re not clear of that accursed poison yet.” Qu Tianshu said with a serious tone.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2600 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2601


The Most Dissolute Genius in the Qilian Boundary
The great elder shook his head and said with a slight smile.
“Hahaha. I would supposedly die within three years without the Great Bodhi Pill. But now that it helped me get rid of the poison, even though I suffered some injury, at least I still have 200 years more to live. But I can hardly expect my strength to be fully recovered.”
Qu Tianshu felt melancholy with a touch of sourness.
“You had an opportunity to reach the Hierarch Realm but I spoiled that chance. I am sorry, father.”
“What is the point of looking back in the past , we should look ahead. Haha. If I could survive for another two hundred years, I would be really satisfied and grateful.”
The great elder said with ease. Even though he said so, it sounded like some harsh words that rang through Qu Tianshu’s ears. She was bound to feel guilty the rest of her life for making such an unforgivable mistake to her adoptive father.
“Father……”
“It’s not necessary to talk more about it, it is getting strange. I’m blessed for having such a good girl in my life. I have heard that there was a new disciple who just joined the sect. And he has been described as an unbeatable and irresistible opponent in the sect. Is that true?”
The great elders asked.
“You’re right. I guess, but he looks like a clown playing his tricks in front of us since he is just a Late Heavenly God Realm.”
Qu Tianshu said in disdain.
The great elder heaved a sigh.
“Perhaps I could ignore it if he didn’t reach the peak of the Emperor Extremity Mountain, but it seems like even our sect lord is gaining interest and taking a great notice of this guy. I wish that our Eastern Emperor Sect could reach the peak once again. We used to be the greatest sect in the entire Lone Dragon County, but now our sect has fallen into decay for years.”
“This time, I will get to the bottom of this guy. I would see whether I could find the Nine-tailed Sea Cucumber in this journey to the Thunder Rush Sea. If I could obtain the Nine-tailed Sea Cucumber successfully, I am sure that you will be able to make a full recovery of your strength and your success to the Hierarch Realm can be expected soon.”
Qu Tianshu took an oath.
“The Nine-tailed Sea Cucumber? Haha. I have heard of it once. According to a legend, there was someone who obtained a dead Nine-tailed Sea Cucumber in the Thunder Rush Sea but he was forced to sell it to a powerful Hierarch expert. Among thousands of Supreme Grade Origin Divine Stone, that Hierarch expert thought that it was the most valuable treasure for him. This kind of precious divine item can only be found by accident. So, I am already reasonably satisfied that you produced a Great Bodhi Pill successfully.”
“Father, I promised to return home triumphantly, so please wait for my good news.”
Qu Tianshu wore a profound smile on her face before turning away.
Seven days had passed. Jiang Chen saw Donghuang Taiji, Murong Xun`er and Donghuang Zhuoqing, an overbearing middle-aged man dressed in white under the mountain.
“Nice to meet you, third elder.”
Jiang Chen said with a smile.
“Not bad. I haven’t seen you for just a few days but your breath is getting stable now. It’s hard to meet a person who has a strong and firm foundation like you. Not being arrogant or aggressive, not being too fast or too slow. You have struck roots in the ground like a firm mountain. It is not easy at all.”
Donghuang Zhuoqing smiled. Jiang Chen got recognition for his strength.
“I hope you could survive and return after this journey to the Thunder Rush Sea. I will definitely defeat you after that.”
Donghuang Taiji looked dignified. Their eyes met each other, fearlessly. Although he was defeated by Jiang Chen once, he did not think that it was a disgrace. Instead, he took the failure as an opportunity to rectify his mistake and reform himself. He had experienced huge changes, both in strength or in mindset.
Murong Xun`er smiled slightly, they were like husband and wife. Murong Xun`er stayed close to Donghuang Taiji, looking sweet and gentle.
“I will wait for that day.”
Jiang Chen nodded.
“Our sixth sect lord is delayed by something else, so I will go to the Thunder Rush Sea instead of him. Do you have any opinion on this, third elder? I am curious about the Thunder Rush Sea so this opportunity is just the right thing for me.”
Jiang Chen had never expected this to happen. Enemies are bound to meet on a narrow road. The sixth elder was replaced by Qu Tianshu unexpectedly.
“I will agree without comment if it is Elder Qu. Haha. We planned to join this journey to Thunder Rush Sea with them. The Thunder Rush Sea, however, is quite unusual, so I think even Elder Qu should be much more careful.”
Donghuang Zhuoqing said with a smile. Qu Tianshu was predominant in the entire Eastern Emperor Sect. However, Donghuang Zhuoqing was not aware of the relationship between the Elder Qu and the great elder.
“Sure, I will do so. However, I hope those who are arrogant and overbearing should try to refrain themselves. Otherwise, everyone in the Eastern Emperor Sect will look down upon them.”
Qu Tianshu uttered these words filled with sarcasm. Apparently, she was talking about Jiang Chen.
“The truth will speak for itself.”
Jiang Chen’s words had put Tianshu to silence.
“We should go to Ling Jue City first. The Teleportation Formation is located in Ling Jue City and it could help us reach the Thunder Rush Sea as soon as possible and save some time by avoiding the wrong paths.”
Donghuang Zhuoqing said.
The five of them set out from the west region of the Eastern Emperor Sect and rushed directly to Ling Jue City.
Since the entire west region belonged to the Eastern Emperor Sect, the journey was smooth without any obstacles or hassle. They were running towards Ling Jue City for one month continuously without taking any rest. They eventually reached Ling Jue City, but five of them looked worn-out after the long journey.
The biggest Teleportation Formation in Ling Jue City was under the control of the lord of the city. Unfortunately, the formation was currently broken, and was being repaired by six formation masters. It would be restored and could be operated again in ten days.
The fear had spread through the entire Ling Jue City as the formation was destroyed by someone intentionally. Hence, those who wished to leave Ling Jue City by using this formation were trapped in the city.
“I have never thought that we have such bad luck.”
Donghuang Zhuoqing said under his breath. The formation was destroyed which also meant that it was impossible for them to rush toward the Thunder Rush Sea immediately.
“Haha. Aren’t they from the Eastern Emperor Sect? I heard that there is a formidable genius who defeated several strong experts in their sect successfully. Is that true?”
A bold young man laughed coldly. He was dressed with splendour clothes, looked arrogant and full of coldness in his long and narrow eyes.
“Shen Yingqi, how dare you mock us? I think your affairs are still not settled yet. How could you exult over us when your elder had gone together with your sister in law? The misfortune of the sect, you should be ashamed instead of being so arrogant here. You’re just making me confused. By the way, I heard that you’re having a fling with your sister in law right?”
A young man was holding a folded fan in his hand, dressed in white and smiled softly. He was cursing without saying any bad words.
Shen Yingqi gritted his teeth and snorted.
“Long Shaotan, you ought to be ashamed of yourself too. Please don’t slap your own face by talking nonsense, you’re one of the strongest experts of the Divine King Realm after all.”
“I can eat whatever you want, but you can’t say whatever is on your mind. I am always dealing with countless girls. I don’t mind telling you that your sect lord’s sister in law used to be my soul mate as well. I am just speaking the truth. Hahaha.”
Long Shaotandid did not even care about his own image. His bright personality made Jiang Chen feel a favourable impression towards him. He was not afraid of admitting everything he did.
Shen Yingqi blushed and remained silent. He was not cheeky like this Long Shaotan of the Nine Dragon Palace. There was a reason that he was called the most dissolute genius in the entire Qilian Boundary.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2601 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2602


“Brother Long, it’s great to see you again.”
Donghuang Zhuoqing said it with a smile. Long Shaotan was one of the toughest and most dissolute men. There was no one who would like to deal with this trouble maker. But he and Donghuang Zhuoqing were very close to  each other.
“My brother, we haven’t seen each other for years. You still look charming as ever.”
Long Shaotan gave Donghuang Zhuoqing a big hug. Both of them did not meet each other for over a hundred years, so it was natural for them to treat each other with a warm and enthusiastic welcome.
“If you didn’t save my life in the Thunder Rush Sea in those days, perhaps I would have already died .”
Long Shaotan would never forget Donghuang Zhuoqing’s kindness of saving his life in the past. Since then, they treated each other like true brothers. It was such a sincere and precious brotherhood between Eastern Emperor Sect and Nine Dragon Palace.
“If I am not mistaken, he should be the new outer sect disciple who stirred up a storm in the Eastern Emperor Sect.”
Long Shaotan glanced at Jiang Chen. He emphasized the word “Outer” on purpose. If Jiang Chen was an inner sect disciple who rose abruptly, he would not be treated like this. It was like becoming a monk late in life, everyone felt doubtful about his real identity. Jiang Chen knew that Long Shaotan did not mean to disdain him but was full of curiosity about him.
“You’re right. This is Jiang Chen from our Eastern Emperor Sect. You can just challenge him if you are not convinced.”
Qu Tianshu was full of arrogance, gaining the attention of most of them as a result. She intended to push Jiang Chen in the teeth of danger and trouble.
Jiang Chen laughed coldly. This gal seemed to want to play tricks on him. Was she trying to land him into some big trouble all throughout their journey to the Thunder Rush Sea?
“Don’t ask where the heroes are from. The young one are always frivolous and swell up with pride. Not bad. And you’re……?”
Long Shaotan gave Jiang Chen a thumbs up. But he was truly impressed. The aura of these three young men who were standing beside him was extraordinarily strong, two of them were Half-step Divine King Realm while one of them was a Divine King.
“This is Qu Tianshu, one of our sect elders who concocts the medicinal pills in our sect.”
Donghuang Zhuoqing said with a bitter smile. He had never expected that Qu Tianshu had formed an unfavourable opinion of Jiang Chen. It had slipped his attention.
“Oh, it’s Elder Qu. Nice to meet you.”
“So this is all of you’ve got? Do you mean that a Late Heavenly God is unbeatable and formidable compared with all the disciples in the Eastern Emperor Sect? How could the Eastern Emperor Sect experience such a huge decline? Hahaha.”
A voice full of irony and scornful remarks came from the back of Shen Yingqi.
“I’m the inner sect disciple of Shen Ying Sect, Shen Fanghe. I would like to challenge you. Even though I am not really strong, I am ranked as the top five in the Shen Ying Sect. I’m a Half-step Divine King, am I taking advantage of you?”
Shen Fanghe was dressed in white clothes. He took a step forward while smiling coldly. There was a large crowd gathered around them. At least four of them were from the ten greatest sects, they were on tip toe to watch the battle. The Eastern Emperor Sect used to be ranked among the top three sects in the Qilian Boundary, but it was generally known that it has fallen into decay these years. That was why Shen Ying Sect dared to challenge them.
“Do you dare to accept the challenge?”
Shen Fanghe was standing while folding his arms across his chest. His face was full of arrogance and ignorance like a peacock in his pride.
“It seems like you’re looking down your nose at our Eastern Emperor Sect. We are bound to teach you a lesson today but I am afraid that if we do so, you will disgrace the name of your sect.”
Donghuang Taiji said in a low voice.
“It is like using a sledgehammer to crack a nut. Brother Donghuang, why should I trouble you when I could beat him down with only one arm?”
Jiang Chen stopped Donghuang Taiji by wearing a smile on his face.
Shen Fanghe’s face was distorted with anger. He could not wait to give him the hardest hit and a miserable lesson.
“You’re being too arrogant. I could settle ten men like you at once. No, even hundreds. How dare a Late Heavenly God offend me here? Do you ever know where this place is? This is the territory of one of the strongest sects among the ten greatest sects in the Qilian Boundary. How dare you challenge us? Hahaha. You’re making everyone laugh their heads off.”
Shen Fanghe pointed toward Jiang Chen directly. After suffering this kind of humiliation, even Donghuang Zhuoqing was boiling with rage.
Donghuang Taiji glanced at Jiang Chen. Luckily, this guy knew how to get along well with people and had a great respect for him. Even though the others know nothing about Jiang Chen but Donghuang Taiji knew well about his true strength.
“Don’t hesitate, the rubbish should be trampled underfoot.”
Donghuang Taiji said it softly.
“Alright. My senior brother told me not to be merciful and generous to you.”
Jiang Chen was trying to provoke Shen Fanghe by teasing which had irritated him.
“You’re digging your own grave.”
Shen Fanghe had reached the Half-step Divine King for more than ten years, his foundation was firm and he’s mighty strong. He was also known as the one who had the potential to enter the Divine King Realm. Since he was provoked by Jiang Chen’s words, he would not hold back any more.
“Let’s start, rubbish. You only have one chance.”
Jiang Chen said with a smile.
Not only Long Shaotan, even Shen Yingqi looked confused. How could this guy be so arrogant? He had never heard of a Heavenly God challenging a Divine King expert.
Shen Fanghe did not talk anymore, taking a step forward and soaring in the sky with a terrifying aura.
“Get lost!”
Jiang Chen struck out a strong blow and Shen Fanghe, a Half-step Divine King, was thrown out instantly. His face was covered with dust and dirt, and he looked terribly. Meanwhile, Jiang Chen was walking around leisurely without taking further action. His calmness and leisure had made everyone feel astonished. He could defeat a Half-step Divine King with just a blow, although he was merely a Late Heavenly God Realm. It was terrifying.
“Rubbish, you can’t even withstand a single blow.”
Jiang Chen shook his head, gave Shen Fanghe a gaze in disdain.
Shen Fanghe looked ferocious, the corner of his lips was shedding blood. He stood up and rushed at  Jiang Chen once again but he was restrained by Shen Yingqi.
“Shame on you!”
Shen Yingqi roared in a low voice. He stared at Jiang Chen and snorted. He was not reconciled to his defeat but he was forced to stop. Everyone there witnessed all of these. He was utterly defeated by Jiang Chen in just one light blow. It showed the world difference in both of their strengths.
“The Eastern Emperor Sect has trained up a super genius.”
“Yeah, that’s right. The Eastern Emperor Sect has fallen in dismay gradually for more than thousand years. I heard that there was a genius called Donghuang Tai`A, and now there is Jiang Chen. It is just impressive. I guess the Eastern Emperor Sect is going to rise abruptly soon.”
“Even though Shen Ying Sect is formidable, he is still slightly inferior to the Eastern Emperor Sect. There is a huge gap between the two sects. However, this guy is truly impressive.”
“You can’t say for sure. Those who are talented are not likely to gain a good ending. Haha.”
Most of them felt doubtful and terrified of Jiang Chen. However, some of them were unwilling to admit Jiang Chen’s strength. Jiang Chen had made most of them sit up and take notice of him. Even Qu Tianshu did not expect this to happen. Jiang Chen was invincible and brave.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2602 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2603


Chapter 2603
An Enormous Shadow
“Seems like I have underestimated this guy.” Qu Tianshu thought.
At the moment, Jiang Chen had become the foundation to bring the rise of the Eastern Emperor Sect. If the sect was able to spring up again, Qu Tianshu would leave no regret in her life anymore. It was her adoptive father’s biggest wish in life.
“I hope that you guys could survive in the Thunder Rush Sea.”
Shen Yingqi smiled coldly and brought Shen Fanghe and the others to leave the place immediately. It’s impossible for them to use the teleportation formation for now. So they would need to wait for a while before taking any action.
They took a rest at Ling Jue City. Qu Tianshu could not help but be really curious about Jiang Chen as his strength was indeed terrifying. She recalled back the day when he managed to withstand her mad attacks at Milky Way Ice Spring. It’s only that she realized that Jiang Chen’s true strength might be even more dreadful than what she expected.
“It’s said that an enormous shadow appeared on the Thunder Rush Sea this time. It almost covered up the entire heaven and earth. It was not only said by one person as there are many people who saw that. When that shadow appeared on the Thunder Rush Sea, Ling Jue City was even blotted out for some moment. It was as dark as the doomsday.”
Long Shaotan told Donghuang Zhuoqing while he was really curious and worried.
“What kind of monster is that? I am afraid that our journey this time would not be that easy.”
Donghuang Zhuoqing said with a deep voice and he looked solemn.
“No one know about this. However, we must be extremely careful in this journey. I have heard that there is a formidable expert who has joined the Killing Luo Sect recently. He seems to be as powerful as Jiang Chen. They are both latecomers who recently became famous and have become the pillar of the sect. I am not sure if they will come to Thunder Rush Sea this time, however, they might set your Eastern Emperor Sect as their target.”
Long Shaotan had a lot of sources of information, thanks to the fact that he was famous for his dissolute personality.
“We have no grudges with the Killing Luo Sect at all. Killing Luo Sect and Profound Yi Sect always have clear boundaries to each other, while we Eastern Emperor Sect would not want to go against Killing Luo Sect too. No sects would be willing to offend that sect. Do they really want to take action against our sect?”
Donghuang Zhuoqing snorted. He was not afraid at all even though they might need to deal with the Killing Luo Sect.
“It’s just rumours. Whether it is indeed true, it’s another case. However, caution is the parent of safety. Better safe than sorry. Killing Luo Sect has always been very cunning and it’s better for us to keep distance from them.” Long Shaotan warned.
“As long as no one offends me, I won’t offend them as well. However, if they offend me, I will not let them go easily.”
Donghuang Zhuoqing said with his overbearing aura. At that moment, Jiang Chen finally felt Donghuang Zhuoqing’s aura. Although the third elder seemed gentle, his strength and aura was shocking. No wonder he could be the teacher of Donghuang Taiji.
“I have heard from a commander in the city that the teleportation formation was intentionally broken by someone. I am afraid that we might need to wait at least 10 days. I wish that we won’t miss out on the chance of reaching the Wind and Thunder Canyon. Otherwise, we would have wasted our effort in this journey.”
Long Xinghua said with a deep voice. Being the most outstanding disciple of the Nine Dragon Palace, Long Xinghua’s cultivation realm had already reached Early Divine King. She was called as the talented genius disciple of Nine Dragon Palace whom they could only encounter once every thousand years.
Her face looked elegant. Although she was not extremely beautiful, she gave people a gentle and peaceful sense. She was as clear as crystal ice and others would find her attractive after seeing her for a while. Her aura was even more superior than Murong Xun`er and her eyes seemed like they were able to speak, and those eyes had been staring at Jiang Chen.
Jiang Chen did not care about this at all because he just wanted to find an auction square to sell his pills to get Supreme Grade Divine Origin Stones. It was not easy to get Supreme Grade Divine Origin Stones at the Linhe Boundary. However, he believed that there must be a lot of it at Ling Jue City.
“Don’t go too far from here these days. Take a good rest. Remember, don’t make a mess here. Ling Jue City is not a place like Eastern Emperor Sect. Even the sect lord would need to pay some people here respect. Once the teleportation formation works again, we must head to Thunder Rush Sea immediately.” Donghuang Zhuoqing said.
The three of them who stood next to Jiang Chen were quite nervous as there were many Divine Kings in Ling Jue City. After all, they might not have the competence to offend anyone here with their inferior cultivation realm.
“Alright. I would like to go out for a walk. Let’s go, Taiji.”
Murong Xun`er smiled. Donghuang Taiji did not show his emotion on his face, but he nodded slightly and followed Murong Xuner and left the place.
“Let’s have a good chat and drink tonight. Hahaha.”
Long Shaotan laughed and talked to Donghuang Zhuoqing. They were really happy at the moment. Although the teleportation formation was broken, it had given a chance for the two brothers to have a good reunion.
Jiang Chen did not want to continue to stay at the place too and he was ready to leave.
“Jiang Chen, come with me. I have something to order you.”
Qu Tianshu looked serious and asked Jiang Chen to come with her. Jiang Chen shirvered for a while as he did not know what story behind this woman. He must be cautious.
“No one is here. Just say whatever it is.”
Jiang Chen said impatiently.
“Have you really concocted the Great Bodhi Pill before?”
Qu Tianshu did not want to waste time talking too much to Jiang Chen too. She just wanted to know if Jiang Chen was really an alchemist.
“I have already told you. I just bullsh*tted about it, do you really trust me? Hehehe, it’s so easy to cheat women.”
“You…….”
“I warned you to stop calling me a woman. Otherwise you would die in a terrible way.”
“If there’s nothing more, I will leave first.”
Jiang Chen said.
“Do you have an Immortal Pill formula that could detoxify any kind of poison?”
Qu Tianshu looked at Jiang Chen with some trust but also some doubt. She did not know whether he had the formula or not, but what Jiang Chen had done today had startled her.
“Sister, do you think I have it? You can see my cultivation realm. How could I have an Immortal Pill? Hehe… You have overestimated me. Don’t you know how difficult it was to have an Immortal Pill? Let alone an Immortal Pill that could detoxify any kind of poison. It must be the best pill among all Immortal Pills. Moreover, the value of an Immortal Pill formula must be incomparably valuable.”
Jiang Chen said and smiled coldly.
“I am too naive. Okay. You can go now.”
Qu Tianshu smiled bitterly. Jiang Chen could see how desperate she was. This time, he did not embarrass her anymore. How much sacrifice was it for a woman to give up her beauty and turn herself into an old man to spend a boring life in a sect? Even if Jiang Chen did not see her perfect body shape, he could make a guess that Elder Qu must be an extremely beautiful lady.
Jiang Chen got out of the inn and started looking for an auction square.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2603 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2604


Azure Cloud Gold
At the moment, the bright moon hung high in the sky. Even though the place was still within Ling Jue City, it was not the center of the city anymore but thousands of miles away. It was estimated that several days of travel would be needed if they were to go to the West Region from the East Region if they were not Divine Kings. Of course, it would be a different matter if there was the Teleportation Formation.
Ling Jue City shimmered brightly when the night had fallen. Jiang Chen asked two people about the auction market and he found it eventually.
Thousand City Auction Market was under the control of the lord of the city. Who exactly was the lord of the city? He was the Reverend of the Nine Boundaries, also known as king of the Qilian Boundary. Everyone called him ‘Reverend in the Nine Boundaries’. Hence, one could imagine how formidable the strength of the city lord who was also a sect lord.
There was a public auction at the Auction Market at the moment. With Jiang Chens’ strength, he could actually deal with the auction master directly. Even though the Ling Jue City was one of the biggest cities, Jiang Chen was still considered an unbeatable expert since he was a Late Heavenly God expert. Even if there were Heavenly Gods, most of them had not reached the Divine King Realm.
“May I know what you are selling?”
A pleasant voice came from the distance. There was a young lady who was sweet and stunning, looking at Jiang Chen with a smile. She showed great respect to a Heavenly God expert as she was just at the True Realm after all.
“This is a precious Supreme Grade Medicinal Pill, I would like to exchange it with a Supreme Grade Divine Origin Stone.”
Jiang Chen took out a Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pill. The staff was delighted upon hearing it.
“Please wait a moment. I can only give you the auction price after our appraisers’ identification.”
The charming staff summoned an experienced appraiser immediately. The appraiser spotted the Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pill on Jiang Chen’s right hand at a glance.
“The pill gives off a rich aroma, it’s definitely a supreme grade medicinal pill.”
The middle-aged appraiser asserted.
“This should be a Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pill. It is worth at least fifty to a hundred of Supreme Graded Origin Stones.”
Jiang Chen was startled after hearing the price. He had never expected to sell it with a higher price than in the Linhe Boundary.
“Are you dissatisfied with the given auction price?”
The appraiser asked with an astonished look. He believed that there were only a few appraisers who were as professional as him in Ling Jue City.
“No. It’s just beyond my expectation.”
Jiang Chen’s face lit up with a smile but he still looked calm. He realized that Ling Jue City was a vast land which was certainly wider than the Linhe Boundary. A vast territory was generally blessed with abundant natural resources. Since a Supreme grade medicinal pill was in great demand in this place so countless strong was showing great interest in the pills. Moreover, the Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pill would bring great benefits especially for those strong experts who were beyond the Divine King Realm. It was natural that the supply of the pills were short of the demand.
Medicinal pills range from low grade to supreme grade. The Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pill was merely a primary graded medicinal pill. Even so, there were still countless people fighting for the pill in Ling Jue City. Not only that, the medicinal pill aroused the purchasing desire of Divine Kings as well.
“What is your decision, sir……?”
“I have five Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pills here and I would like to sell it all together.”
Jiang Chen’s word gave a shock to the appraiser. He fixed his glance at Jiang Chen, it sounded unbelievable to them. This guy was just incredible.
Jiang Chen planned to sell all of the pills at once. Didn’t he know the value of the pills? Most of the people would not be willing to sell these supreme grade medicinal pills at once. Perhaps they would auction off some medicinal pills once in a year as a kind of gimmick of advertising. But this time, Jiang Chen was selling five of such pills all together which was astounding and remarkable.
“Are you sure about that, sir?”
The appraiser asked. He was in a state of great excitement.
Jiang Chen nodded his head. The appraiser treated him as a black sheep of those great sects family. Even though Divine Origin Stones were precious, it was absolutely incomparable with supreme grade medicinal pills. However, they were just trying to get what they needed. The value of the supreme grade medicinal pill made everyone feel shocked and overwhelmed.
“Don’t worry, we will try our best to gain the best interest for you. Tonight, we will auction off your supreme grade medicinal pills but we would like to charge two percent of the profit as our commission,” the appraiser said professionally.
Jiang Chen was struggling, after all it’s worth thousands of Supreme Grade Divine Origin Stones for just one percent of the profit. But he would not be mean over money matters since he was determined to sell it all.
“I will trust you. But I would like to join the auction market, is it possible?”
Jiang Chen asked.
“Of course, it’s not a big deal. The biggest auction market of the year will be held today, it seems like this trip is worthwhile for you. I can’t guarantee your medicinal pills to be sold at a high price as there will only be thousands of people joining the auction. This is the annual auction market of our Thousand City Auction Market, only those who are above the Heavenly God Realm will be qualified to join. As you’re our honored guest, we are bound to satisfy your need if you wish to sell other medicinal pills or treasures.”
Jiang Chen heaved a sigh. It proved that a true mega city was totally different. There were more than thousands of the Heavenly God Realm experts in Ling Jue City but it was just the tip of the iceberg.
The appraiser treated Jiang Chen as a distinguished guest. Although he was way stronger than Jiang Chen, he could not simply acquire the true identity of a person who could take out five medicinal pills at once. Ling Jue City was a place full of crouching tigers and hidden dragons who were truly talented. Even if he had the lord of the city at his back, he would not take silly actions.
Even the charming staff was giving Jiang Chen the glad eye but he just looked away without showing any interest.
The moment that Jiang Chen entered the auction market, it was oceans of people and the place was bustling with noise. The auction was launching well and smoothly in full swing.
Several Divine Tools were already sold. It made Jiang Chen feel impressed with the vast territory and inexhaustible natural resources of Ling Jue City. It was full of rich investors.
“The next auction item is an extraordinary metal Azure Cloud Gold. It is a kind of precious ingredient to cast supreme grade Divine Tools and it is worth five hundred thousand supreme Divine Origin Stones. Each bid increment should not be less than thirty thousand.”
The center of the auction was lit up bright. There was a stunning lady dressed in a blue Chinese styled long gown with print floral design, standing on the stage and saying it with an elegant smile. After revealing the Azure Cloud Gold that was covered by the curtain, most of them were startled. The Azure Cloud Gold was merely one square meter but it possibly weighed for over hundreds of kilograms.
“Is it Azure Cloud Gold? It is such a great treasure. But it is a little overpriced if it is worth five hundred thousand supreme Divine Origin Stones.”
“This is really precious but I am not sure how many people are able to use it. Even though the Azure Cloud Gold is known as one of the precious ingredients to cast Divine Tools, only few of them could make full use of the resource. The Divine Kings will gain interest in getting supreme grade Heavenly God Divine Tools but it is not as easy as it’s supposed to be to make a Heavenly God Divine Tool successfully.”
“You’re right. But I guess the person who really needs it will get it no matter how expensive it is. Haha.”
“This Azure Cloud Gold is a treasured item, I will definitely get it.”
“Only a real master blacksmith could melt the Azure Cloud Gold, the average master will never be able to melt it. It is one of the ingredients that can be used to cast the Heavenly God Divine Tool after all.”
The noise of discussion was reverberating through the place. At this moment, there was a glimmer of light in  Jiang Chen’s eyes.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2604 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2605


Reaching The Divine King Realm is as Hard as Ascending The Heavens!
At the moment, Jiang Chen owned more than hundreds of Supreme Divine Tools but he was seeking for something to refine a new Heavenly God Divine Tool. He believed that he would be able to refine a new Heavenly God Divine Tool since there was a huge improvement in his strength while the Azure Cloud Gold would be the necessary prerequisite. Depending on the Millennium Cold Iron that he obtained in the Eight Lineages Silver River would not be enough to make a Heavenly God Divine Tool. But if he could get the Azure Cloud Gold, he was confident that he would be able to make a Heavenly God Divine Tool successfully.
It was imaginable when one hundred and eight Heavenly God Divine Tools assembled and formed the Little Ashura Sword Formation, it would be hard to describe how terrifying it was.
“I am bound to get this Azure Cloud Gold.”
Jiang Chen said with a slight smile.
“Five hundred and fifty thousand.”
“Six hundred thousand.”
“Six hundred and fifty thousand.”
“Seven hundred thousand.”
“Eight hundred thousand!”
Eventually, the highest price was set at eight hundred thousand supreme Grade Divine Origin Stones. The bid price was set by a cool middle-aged man and he had made everyone startled.
“Is there any bid higher? Eight hundred thousand calling once, calling twice, last……”
“One million.”
Jiang Chen’s voice echoed through the auction market in silence. The audience burst into an uproar once again. Purchasing the Azure Cloud Gold with one million supreme grade Divine Origin Stones, this was a large amount of money that was not available to most of them. It created a great stir in Ling Jue City even though it was a place where the rich elites gathered.
The middle-aged man took a glance at Jiang Chen and gritted his teeth. He felt wronged but eight hundred thousand would be the highest price he could afford to pay.
Jiang Chen astonished everyone and became the center of attention.
“This gentleman offers the bid of one million supreme grade Divine Origin Stones. Is there anyone who can offer a higher bid?”
The auctioneers asked and infected everyone in the crowd with her elegant smile. However, there was no one who offered a higher bid price than Jiang Chen’s.
“Alright. One million calling once, calling twice, last calling. Deal!”
Jiang Chen looked relieved as the Azure Cloud Gold finally belonged to him. However, he did not know how much the five Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pills would be sold. Even so, he was on tiptoe.
“Our auction house has auctioned off several treasured items so far. Now, there is an overwhelming collection coming. Although it is not included in our auction catalogue, it is the ultimate, precious treasure. Now, I would like to introduce our next auction items, supreme grade medicinal pills.”
“Supreme grade medicinal pills? Haha. It seems like this trip is worthwhile. Luckily, I didn’t waste fifty of my Divine Origin Stones.”
“It has been a long time since the last time they auctioned off supreme grade medicinal pills. This Thousand City Auction Market sounds interesting and shows great sincerity.”
“Haha. I can’t wait any more.”
The charming auctioneer who dressed in blue took a jaded box from the staff. She could feel a kind of refreshing aroma of the medicinal pill coming from straight ahead.
“There are five supreme grade medicinal pills, the Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pills!”
The auctioneer did not say it out loud intentionally. However, the entire place suddenly became astir when she introduced the five Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pills to the crowd. Those who knew well about the value of this pill could tell that it was not easy to be produced. Most importantly, those strong experts who were staying in the Divine King Realm could greatly benefit and be able to make a breakthrough by having these medicinal pills. Not only that, it was effective in prolonging life.
Not every great sect in the Qilian Boundary had the master who was able to produce supreme grade medicinal pills. That’s because supreme-grade medicinal pills were extremely difficult to concoct and the probability of success was not more than one percent. Generally, they were rarely seen but this time, five of the pills would be sold at once. It was an unprecedented occasion which was remarkable and magnificent.
Most of them held their breath in deep concentration and focused on the five Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pills. Their breaths were getting rapid.
“Oh my god. Is that true? There are five of the supreme grade medicinal pills.”
“Auctioning off five supreme grade medicinal pills all together, it is what I haven’t seen before. It is just inspirational.”
“I swear to get these supreme grade medicinal pills.”
“Green Fox Sect must get the Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pills.”
Even the auctioneer did not expect the emergence of the Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pills, lest the whole auction, which was in full swing and the crowd was full of excitement and overwhelmed. The Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pills were essential to those who stayed in the Half-Step Divine King Realm, that was the reason that they wished to make a breakthrough desperately.
Reaching the Divine King Realm is as hard as ascending heaven!
Only the one who reached the Divine King Realm was qualified to be recognized as a strong expert. Most of the Half-step Divine Kings were eager for the Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pills desperately. This was a supreme grade medicinal pill which they had been longing for. Especially those elders in the sect were determined to obtain it.
There were five Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pills in total. It could help their disciples to make a breakthrough even if they only managed to get one of them. It would bring a great advancement to the sect.
The power that was brought by a Divine King was unpredictable. Those who were able to own the pills would greatly benefit.
Even Jiang Chen was stunned by the response of the crowd. He used to swallow the Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pills like chocolate beans. All of them looked like country bumpkins who had never seen the world. Sigh, It was too disappointing.
Jiang Chen was actually feeling delighted at the moment. If the bid price raised higher, he would be able to get more Supreme Grade Divine Origin Stones.
“This is my first time seeing five Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pills in my life. I can understand your feelings at the moment and I am excited at the same time. Now, I would like to announce the opening bid, it is four hundred Supreme Grade Divine Origin Stones!”
Wow!!!
The auction burst into an uproar once again. Four hundred supreme grade Divine Origin Stones was an astronomical sum of money. Even for those who had great financial capacity, it was considered as a huge amount of money. Once the bid starting price was announced, most of the bidders were depressed. Only ten of them had enough financial power to join the auction.
“Oh.The price……just forget it. Haha.”
“When a thing is scarce, it is precious. The price of selling the five Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pills at once are even more expensive than selling it one by one. What they cared about was the financial capability of those rich sects and families. We are generally hopeless to get it.”
“Four hundred Supreme Grade Divine Origin Stones, it is just too difficult.”
Some of them were delightful while some of them were in despair. Even though they were excited, the auction this time sounded like a kind of game to most of them. It was impossible for them to afford four hundred supreme grade Divine Origin Stones.
“Four hundred Supreme Grade Divine Origin Stones. Now I am excited to know how much the five Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pills are worth. Will they run rampantly if I take out another ten pills?
Jiang Chen touched his nose and murmured with a smile.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2605 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2606


Rising
“Although 400 Supreme Grade Divine Origin Stone is pretty sizable, my Xue Clan still has that kind of fortune.”
“Haha, you want to get those 5 Immortal Grade Pills with 400 stones? Are you insane? I don’t think anyone of us would agree to that.”
“Five Immortal Grade Pills are enough to help my Huasan Sect to rise. I only need three of them to reach my goal, to help me raise 3 Divine King experts.
“You’re greedy, haha, my Tian Xing Sect only needs one. However, no one can compete against me.”
The people were gathering in the auction centre and started to bid, competing for the prize. Especially those top-tiered sects or heads of certain groups, they were extremely keen on getting their hands on the Immortal Grade Pills.
“Moon Shadow Sect, 410 Suprme Grade Divine Origin Stones!” A long-haired young man said proudly.
“420!”
“430, let’s see who dares to compete against me for this Immortal Grade Pill.”
“450!”
“470!”
The price of the Immortal Grade Pill kept rising. Jiang Chen’s eyes kept getting brighter as the price went up. He might also bring forth the Azure Spirit Pill if this auction was great. An explosion will surely occur as the Azure Spirit Pill was an extremely rare pill amongst the Immortal Grade in the market. It was something that would even move Divine Kings into action.
“500 Supreme Grade Divine Origin Stones!” A man of the Xue Clan said.
“The Xue Clan is certainly rich, but my Heavenly Walk Sect will not lose. Xue Pingyang, you have to put some effort if you wish to get those pills. Hahaha. 550!” A white-haired old man of the Heaven Walk Sect said with a great laugh.
550 Supreme Grade Divine Origin Stones, the price was already pretty high. Moreover, the price of the five pills was not 1+1.
“Alright, let’s see who can laugh until the end. 570 Supreme Grade Divine Origin Stones.” Xue Pingyang said as he stared at the old man.
“600!”
The old man was extremely confident too. But he too felt the pain as 600 was already nearing his limit.
“620!”
Xue Pingyang continued to bid. This time, the old man’s expression had become slightly ugly. Looks like Xue Pingyang was much more resourceful.
“630!”
The old man gritted his teeth and continued bidding. But it was obvious that he couldn’t take it anymore.
“650!” Xue Pingyang said calmly with a smile.
At this moment, some of them secretly gasped. Looks like this Xue Pingyang is one of the few guys with guts.
The old man harrumphed as he could not continue further. Although the Heavenly Walk Sect was proud, the resources he had could not compete against Xue Pingyang. The five Immortal Grade Pills were over his current budget. There was nothing he could do.
“660.”
Shenying Qi of the Shen Ying Sect suddenly appeared. Nobody expected her to step up as she was silently observing from the side. Her suddenly bidding at this moment means that she’s also quite fond of the pills.
“Our Shen Ying Sect’s strength will surely improve with those five pills. If we’re lucky enough to have 3 or 5 Divine King experts, hehehe, then, it’ll be our great fortune.” Shenying Qi was getting elated, thinking those 5 pills becoming theirs made her extremely happy.
“Isn’t that Shenying Qi of the Shen Ying Sect? I never expected she has come for it too.”
“Yeah, the Shen Ying Sect is the top 5 sect of the Qilian Region, to think they are also eye-ing on those pills.”
“You’re wrong, the ones who possess the most cash are the winners. The Xue Clan is not weak, although weaker compared to the Shen Ying Sect, they’re at least top 30 in the Qilian Region.”
“We’re in for a good show, the people of the Shen Ying Sect are famed for their overbearingness and arrogance.”
Xue Pingyang glanced at Shenying Qi, he knew who the other party was but he wasn’t planning on bowing down.
“680.”
Xue Pingyang’s bid made Shenying Qi frown.
“Xue Clan, are you sure you want to compete with my Shen Ying Sect?”
Shenying Qi was obviously trying to exert pressure with her sect.
“It’s just fair competition, that’s all. Although the Shen Ying Sect is mighty, they wouldn’t dare cause trouble in the auction organised in the Lord’s Mansion, right?” Xue Pingyang said, neither servile nor arrogant.
Although the Xue Clan was weaker compared to the Shen Ying Sect, they will never give up on those five pills.
“Alright, alright!” Shenying Qi sneered.
She was obviously already disgusted with Xue Pingyang and this auction had further fueled that anger of hers. She will not stand silent after suffering from those of the Eastern Emperor Sect.
“700!”
“750!”
Xue Pingyang said, that voice of his was akin to a thousand kilograms, slamming upon her chest, further angering her.
“780!”
“800!”
“850!”
Shenying Qi knew that this had already surpassed the value of the five pills but she wanted to compete for the sake of pride.
“900!”
Xue Pingyang’s voice was extremely soft yet it was crystal clear for the attendees of the auction. Everyone shouted internally. That was an extremely high bid and it’s not even the highlight of the auction. Shenying Qi must’ve hated him to the core, but she couldn’t bid anymore. The crowd became solemn as they were waiting for her to continue her bid.
After a brief silence, Shenying Qi finally harrumphed, extremely displeased and finally gave up.
“Are there any higher bids than 900?” The host said with a smile, her voice echoing through the venue.
Jiang Chen was elated, 900 Supreme Grade Divine Origin Stones, a great fortune, to think the bidding war could get this intense.
Xue Pingyang’s expression was calm, he’s definitely one heck of a rich fella. He managed to get the Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pill and Jiang Chen was exceptionally happy about the price. It doesn’t matter now that he used 100 Supreme Grade Divine Origin Stones for the Blue Cloud Metal.
“This is exciting, hahaha, 900 Supreme Grade Divine Origin Stones, Xue Clan… great!”
“Yeah, the Shen Ying Sect has always been conceited. Now that they lost against the Xue Clan, these two great powers will certainly be on bad terms with each other.”
“Xue Pingyang is regarded as one of the top experts of the younger generation in the Qilian Region. Naturally, he’s not afraid of the Shen Ying Sect. Rumours has it that he’s already a Mid Divine King, he can definitely stand side by side with those long-time experts.”
“I bet the Shen Ying Sect will not let this go easily.”
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2606 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2607


Nine Supreme Saint Bones Pill
The auction of the Immortal Grade Pill was truly exciting and the ultimate winner was Jiang Chen. Now that the Blue Cloud Metal was in his possession and the pills going for such a high price, Jiang Chen wasn’t in a hurry to leave. After all, this auction was a great place, and the final item hasn’t appeared yet.
“Xue Clan, eh? Hmph, Let’s see what you guys have to contend against my Shen Ying Sect.” Shenying Qi harrumphed as her expression became dark, however those words could only be uttered inside her heart while her long brows stared at Xue Pingyang.
She had lost twice today, but she’s not one to be silent, although she couldn’t offend the Eastern Emperor Sect, the tiny Xue Clan was nothing much to her.
“Elder, we must not let the Xue Clan go. That fella is too arrogant, to think he didn’t give face to our sect.” Shenfang He said coldly, as he too hated the Xue Clan.
One of those five pills would’ve been his. If those five pills landed in their hands, his dream of becoming a Divine King would have been fulfilled but the Xue Clan took those pills.
“You don’t need to teach me about that. Hmph, this Xue Clan will surely pay what is due.” Shenying Qi said.
Afterwards, the beautiful host took out an ancient scroll and everyone watched in anticipation, wondering what that scroll was. An ancient technique from the past? A map of an ancient ruin?
“I believe everyone is curious about the content of this scroll. I shall reveal it now.”
Many of them would’ve probably pummelled the host if she wasn’t pretty as she was keeping them hanging.
“This is a pill recipe, a peerless pill recipe.”
The breaths of the attendees halted after hearing what she said. Jiang Chen’s eyes squinted. Looks like I’m right in coming here today. To be regarded as a peerless pill recipe and to be this mysterious as the last item of the auction. That pill recipe must be extraordinary.
“What peerless pill recipe? Is that true?”
“These auction sites like to create all these gimmicks, I wonder if it’s true.”
“I can’t wait.”
The host smiled and said:
“This is an ancient recipe for the Nine Supreme Saint Bones Pill! A Peak Immortal Grade recipe. Our auction house has searched through countless ancient texts and found the answer. It is said that this pill could be taken by Divine Kings and Hierarch experts. Divine Kings could defy the heavens and reach the Hierarch Realm after taking this pill, there are no limitations. Whereas for Hierarchs, this pill could change one’s body and bones, allowing one’s body to have the muscle and bones of a divine beast, enabling one to crush mountains with just their bare hands. Most importantly, it could allow one to have nine bodies, although it could only be used nine times. It’s a heaven-defying pill. It’s akin to a peerless technique rather than a recipe of a peerless pill. Although nobody knows how mysterious this pill is as the information within the texts were limited. We can only understand that much of the Nine Supreme Saint Bones Pill.”
“Such a mysterious Nine Supreme Saint Bones Pill.”
Jiang Chen’s blood was boiling. This Nine Supreme Saint Bones Pill was akin to the Heaven Seizing Fortune Pill, although different its rarity was the same. Plus, it’s effect was domineering.
Peak Immortal Grade Medicinal Pill, truly well deserved. Jiang Chen thought.
He must get his hands on this Nine Supreme Saint Bones Pill.
“This is too mysterious…”
“Ain’t that right, Peak Immortal Grade Pill, no one has seen it before.”
“It’s obviously a great thing, however, I heard that one needs to be at least at the Divine King Realm to concoct an Immortal Grade Pill. As for a Peak Immortal Grade Pill, it requires a Peak Divine King or at least a Half-Step Hierarch. It has a very harsh requirement, let’s not include the ingredients of the recipe, the basic requirement of one’s cultivation has limited countless numbers of men.”
While some people were shocked, it was the truth for many, it would only be a scrap paper if such a peerless recipe was given to them as they couldn’t concoct it and it’s dangerous too boot which may cause them their lives. There’s probably only a few people that have the qualification to compete for this item.
“There are rumours that the last treasure would be a Peak Immortal Grade recipe, looks like it’s true.” Shenyin Qi thought silently.
This was also one of the treasures that was urged by the sect’s alchemist elder to get. She got herself two Immortal Grade Pills so that she could win in this contest.
On the site, there were less than five people who had the qualifications to compete for the recipe.
“This item could not be measured by Origin Stones, the owner of the pill recipe wishes to exchange it with other items, pills, techniques, precious treasures, anything goes.”
Nobody complained about what she said. Because the value of that recipe indeed could not be measured by origin stones, it’s reasonable for one to be traded with other treasures.
“Those who wish to exchange for the pill recipe, please show us your goods behind the stage, our attendants will guide you.”
Jiang Chen silently left the site and went towards the backstage. He quickly changed into a black robe and covered his face with a giant bamboo hat. The appraiser was not alarmed as everyone had the right to protect their identity.
“I wonder what this friend plans to use to exchange for the pill recipe of the Nine Supreme Saint Bones Pill?”
“Three Azure Spirit Pills.” Jiang Chen said
That appraiser’s expression slightly changed but his heart thumped profusely. To think it’s THE Azure Spirit Pill? And three to boot?! He has been working for this auction house for thousands of years but he had never once seen the Azure Spirit Pill. Now that there were three, it was certainly mind-blowing.
The Azure Spirit Pill was considered to be a Mid-Immortal Grade Pill, and was extremely hard to concoct. It was highly sought by Divine King experts. Even Hierarch experts would keep it close to them. Three Azure Spirit Pills, it was also hard to evaluate its value.
“Friend, you know your stuff.”
“Nine Supreme Saint Bones Pill, it’s worth this price.” Jiang Chen said indifferently.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2607 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2608


The Person Behind the Recipe
“I hope this friend will wait for your good news. The person behind the recipe will give you all the answers after he makes his decision. Also, may I know this friend’s name?” The appraiser said courteously.
A person that could bring forth three Azure Spirit Pills was certainly not one he could offend. He must be at least a Divine King, one that’s powerful. Even the top ten Sect Lords of the Qilian Region would be moved by these Azure Spirit Pills.
“Chen Jiang.” Jiang Chen left after leaving his ‘name’.
“This time, the pill recipe should be ours.” Shenying Qi said proudly.
“An Immortal Grade Detoxification Pill and an Immortal Grade Spirit-Tempering Pill. There shouldn’t be a problem. Haha.” Shenfang He was also happy.
This time, their Shen Ying Sect will surely wash away their previous shame.
“Two Wind Cloud Pills, this should be enough.” A youngster who looked like less than 20 years old murmured in the corner with a confident smirk.
Although he couldn’t concoct the Nine Supreme Saint Bones Pill now, that recipe was extremely tempting for him.
Jiang Chen returned to the main hall and the host stood on the stage once again, and said with a clear voice:
“The recipe for the Nine Supreme Saint Bones Pill was successfully bidded by Chen Jiang.”
“How can this be? Could it be that my two Wind Cloud Pills were unable to move the person behind the recipe?” The youth was in shock.
Two Wind Cloud Pills were already a big gamble for him but it ended up as a failure.
“Impossible! How can this be? Could this Chen Jiang take out a pill which was  much more valuable than ours?”
Shenying Qi was in an utter shock. After all, the result was not what she had expected and her expression became pale. Three losses, she has lost her pride in front of her disciples.
“This is but an accident, elder. You do not need to blame yourself, it’s not your fault.” Shenfang He said quietly.
Shenying Qi then turned and gave him a big fat slap. She was extremely mad, no matter who’s talking to her now.
“Since we’re unable to get the recipe, then, that five Immortal Grade Pills must be ours!”
Shenying Qi tightened her fist as her eyes became colder. Shenfang He was beaten but he knew what she was planning.
Jiang Chen’s worry slowly subsided as he finally got his hands on the Peak Immortal Grade recipe.
The appraiser stopped Jiang Chen when he was preparing to pick up the recipe.
“Mr. Chen Jiang, the person behind the recipe wishes to meet you, are you okay with that?”
“Alright.”
Jiang Chen followed the appraiser and entered a quiet little house with a bamboo garden beside the window, with a glimpse of the moonlight shining through it, and with a hint of floral scent accompanied with a censer in the middle of the room and a screen of a fierce tiger behind it.
“Friend, I have a question, are you the one who concocted this Azure Spirit Pill?” A powerful and deep voice resounded in Jiang Chen’s ears.
“No.” Jiang Chen said.
“Can you find the one who concocted the pill?” The voice said.
“Sir is powerful, why do you need someone so weak like me to help you find him?” Jiang Chen said with a smile.
“What do you mean?”
“The person who can bring forth such a precious peerless recipe must be extraordinary. The auction house will be the one who takes care of things if there is a person who’s willing to sell such a recipe but they did not. Plus, the recipe will surely cause great commotion but it’s useless in your hands. Although the Nine Supreme Saint Bones Pill is mysterious and powerful,  it’s scrap if one cannot concoct it. Plus, there are very few people who regarded Divine Origin Stones as worthless, and coincidently you were one of those guys.” Jiang Chen said with a smile.
“So, you know who I am.” The deep voice said.
“I know.” Jiang Chen said.
“One’s worry will be different when one’s status is different. The Nine Supreme Saint Bones Pill is truly useless for me. You’re a smart guy, let me ask you a question, can you cure the Nether Cold Poison?” The man sighed and became solemn.
Jiang Chen paused and then said quietly:
“Difficult, difficult, difficult.”
He knew who the person was but he didn’t point it out. Honestly, he’s not sure whether he could succeed and he didn’t want to get into needless troubles. Jiang Chen did not want to know who was poisoned by the Nether Cold Poison. He’s still not strong enough to stand against the world and he did not want to be in the vortex of the mess of those experts.
“Alright, act as if this talk has never happened. I’ll take the Azure Spirit Pills. Thank you, little friend. Forget it. Forget it.” The man’s voice was hypnotizing.
However, Jiang Chen’s spiritual energy was strong, how could he be hypnotized? He acted as if he was and the man behind the screen vanished in a split second.
“Hand over the stuff and you’ll be able to leave without harm.”
Four men blocked Xue Pingyang’s path. His eyes were sharp although these men were covering their face. He had already guessed who they were.
“You guys must be experts from the Shen Ying Sect if I’m correct, right?” Xue Pingyang sneered.
“It’s not important as to who we are, handover the pills and we will let you live. Otherwise, don’t blame us on what that would come next.” The black-clothed guy said.
Xue Pingyang shook his head with disdain. These guys were probably men of the Shen Ying Sect but they refuse to admit it.
“I refuse to believe that you would dare to be this presumptuous in Spirit Jade City.” Xue Pingyang pointed at the guy and said.
“Since you’re that stubborn, don’t blame us for not giving you a chance.” The guy’s murderous intent peaked.
The four guys immediately moved towards Xue Pingyang.
“Set up the formation, isolate all the fluctuations of divine origin energy.” The guy shouted and set up a formation with the other four guys.
Xue Pingyang’s expression became cold as he realised these men came prepared.
“Hmph, Let’s see who and what do you guys have.”  Xue Pingyang roared without fear as he clashed with the group.
Nobody was able to notice the collision as the five of them clashed in isolation. Xue Pingyang couldn’t fight against a group alone and was pushed back by the four men, not even a Divine King could face such an onslaught.
*Cough*
Xue Pingyang coughed out blood and his expression became ugly. At this moment he finally felt threatened.
“Trying to get the pills? Dream on! I will not give it to you even if  I die. Despicable! The Shen Ying Sect deserves to be doomed.”
“Still so arrogant even at your deathbed? Looks like you don’t know what it feels to be dead, it’s such a suffocating feeling.” The man said coldly.
“Still not willing to hand over the pills, but it’ll still be mine after I kill you.”
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2608 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2609


A Lost Child
Xue Pingyang was pushed back after receiving blow after blow. However, the energy of the terrifying attacks did not leak to the surrounding area as they were cut off by the formation, nobody would know about the predicament he was in.
“Could it be that I, Xue Pingyang, am fated to die here?” Xue Pingyang looked at the sky and sighed in sadness.
Jiang Chen walked past the area and his eyes immediately shone. Others may not sense the ripple of the formation but he, a master of formation, was able to see through it immediately. It’s not an extremely high-leveled formation but it could temporarily mask away the presence of those within the formation. There must be some shady things happening within the formation.
Jiang Chen admitted that he’s no saint but he’s not one to ignore injustice.
He then placed an illusion formation on top of the concealing formation.
“I’ll break this trashy formation in a single punch.” Jiang Chen smirked and punched, instantly destroying the formation.
The four masked-men’s expression instantly changed.
“Who is it?” One of them shouted.
“To think there are people who dares to commit murder in Spirit Jade City, looks like you’re not respecting the city’s authority.”
Jiang Chen appeared in front of one of the masked men with his arms in his chest. Xue Pingyang felt a surge of hope as Jiang Chen appeared.
“It’s you?” said with a surprised voice.
Jiang Chen squinted his eyes.
“Looks like it’s an acquaintance? Let me guess who you are? I do not know many people in this city, such a cunning and despicable person…. It’s probably the experts from the Shen Ying Sect that are capable of such a feat.” Jiang Chen said confidently.
“Looks like we’re thinking about the same thing. You have to admit it now.” Xue Pingyang gritted his teeth and stared at the masked men.
“I never thought of murdering anyone but you have ruined my plan, now I have to kill you too.”
Shenying Qi was furious, although he didn’t admit it, but he also didn’t deny it. Shenfang He, that idiot fell into their trap and their identity was exposed.
“Trying to silence the witnesses? Let’s see whether you have what it takes.” Jiang Chen looked at them and said indifferently.
“A Late Heavenly God, what gives you the confidence? Let me show you what it means when they say that there’s always someone stronger out there.”
Shenying Qi was already a Mid Divine King realm expert. However, after beating Xue Pingyang, he expended a great amount of energy in the process as Pingyang fought back with his life.
Jiang Chen finally experienced the terrifying might of a Mid Divine King expert, it was swift and powerful. He instantly unleashed the Dragon Transformation art to counter that force but was still pushed back by Shenying Qi.
“I can’t face him head-on. This fella is pretty strong.” Jiang Chen thought.
He didn’t have the mood to fight Shenying Qi to the death, as that person’s life wasn’t worth much.
“Boy, to think you can take one of my fists, not bad, not bad at all.” Shenying Qi was shocked.
This fella did not defeat Shenfang He by luck but by genuine strength.
“This grandfather of yours will play with you.” Jiang Chen sneered as he moved with lightning speed, picking up Xue Pingyang instantly, and exited the formation.
“Where are you going?!”
Shenying Qi and the others quickly pursued him but they found out that they couldn’t catch up to Jiang Chen as their surroundings instantly changed.
“How is it? Are you feeling lost? Little child. Hahaha.” Jiang Chen said with a great laugh.
Shenying Qi and the others could only hear his voice but weren’t able to locate him.
“You trapped them inside the formation?” Xue Pingyang looked at Jiang Chen in shock.
“It’s just an ordinary illusory formation.” Jiang Chen said with a smile.
Xue Pingyang was shocked internally. He saved me and said it’s but a simple illusion formation? Could a simple illusion formation trap a Mid Divine King expert? And he’s just a Late Heavenly God.
He realized that Spirit Jade City was bustling with people and the trip to the Thunder Rush Sea was near. He realized that this fella must be one of the prodigies of those great sects.
“Damned fella, Jiang Chen, come and fight me if you have the balls.” Shenying Qi roared but she couldn’t find the way out.
“Aren’t you shameless? A respected Divine King expert dares to ask me, a Heavenly God, to fight you to the death? I bet you’ve taken all the shamelessness pills in the world. Hmph, to say that you’re the first of all sects, you have truly shamed the Shen Ying Sect. Old fool, since you wanna play, I’ll play with you.”
Jiang Chen’s eyes became cold. He cannot kill anyone in this city and he didn’t want to be branded as a criminal.
“Five Elemental True Fire, release! Let’s see who you are.”
Jiang Chen shouted, he must teach them a lesson.
The Five Elemental True Fire covered the whole formation and the clothes of the four got burnt up. Jiang Chen finally saw who they were, it was Shenying Qi.
Xue Pingyang looked at the scene, completely dumbfounded. This fella has some good techniques, this Five Elemental True Fire is terrifying. Shenying Qi and the others could not find the exit within the formation and their clothes were all burnt to a crisp. Four naked guys… it made Jiang Chen laugh and Xue Pingyang’s lips smirked from this scene too.
“Jiang Chen! I’ll definitely kill you. This will not be the end!” Shenying Qi’s face was burnt and his appearance was in tatters.
He was forced to protect his body with his divine origin energy. Luckily, Jiang Chen did not use the essence of the Five Elemental True Fire. Otherwise they’ll be roasted for a day and night and they’ll definitely be burnt to death.
“You better take care of yourself. I do not like to see a naked man (the author used she in the previous chapter when referring to Shenying Qi). I don’t wanna see it even if you’re willing to show me. Hahaha.”
Jiang Chen and Xue Pingyang left while laughing. Shenying Qi and the others were thoroughly shamed and furious. However, they could only stay quiet as they were the culprit of all of these.
“I thank brother Jiang for saving my life. I, Xue Pingyang, can never repay it in my life.”
Xue Pingyang put one knee on the floor and said with gratitude.
“It’s alright, those guys should suffer that kind of consequences. I would’ve burned them to death if we’re not in Spirit Jade City.”
Although Jiang Chen’s tone was indifferent, it was still shocking to the ears of Xue Pingyang. This fella is truly a ruthless fella, although he’s just a Late Heavenly God, he has some very powerful cards.
“Call me Big Brother Xue if you don’t mind. You can come to the Xue Clan and look for me if there’s anything you want in the future. Although the Xue Clan may not amount much in the Qilian Region, you will still not be disappointed.”
“Alright.” Jiang Chen said and said his goodbyes with Xue Pingyang.
However, when Xue Pingyang left, a youngster silently followed Jiang Chen.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2609 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2610


Completely Overpowered
Jiang Chen was incredibly sensitive. He already knew that someone was on his tail, but he didn’t expose it. He didn’t know who the youngster was but there’s definitely a motive for tailing him.
Jiang Chen intentionally moved towards a remote place.
“Come out.” Jiang Chen said indifferently.
“To think you’re able to sense me, young man, not bad.” The youngster said with a tone of an old-man.
However, the youngster was but a 10yr old child, Jiang Chen was sure of it.
“How did you find me, what do you want?” Jiang Chen frowned.
He couldn’t guess what this child wanted.
“I, too, am an alchemist.” The child said.
“So?” Jiang Chen replied with a smile.
“I’m guessing that you’re also an alchemist.” The youngster said calmly.
Jiang Chen felt somewhat pressured by this fella, looks like he’s not here just to chat.
“I have no ill will, I just want to know what did you use to get the Peak Immortal Grade pill recipe.”
“You knew about that too?” Jiang Chen looked at the youngster weirdly.
Both of them stared at each other, Jiang Chen could see his eyes was one of clear conscience, it surely didn’t look like he’s one of those despicable villains.
“I could feel the traces of pills from your body and the aura of the flame element. Plus, it’s also unique, and although not powerful, with that kind of aura, you’re certainly an alchemist.”
“Meaning, you want that recipe, right?” Jiang Chen shook his head and sighed.
“Yes and no.” The youngster paused and said.
“Let’s compete, I’ll give you something if I lose, however, you must hand over the recipe for the Nine Supreme Saint Bones Pill if I win.”
“Are you certain that the pill recipe is with me? Hehe.” Jiang Chen smiled while shaking his head.
He wondered where this confident boy came from, he couldn’t wrap his head about this situation.
“Seems fair, tell me more.”
“Saint Spirit Pill. It can temporarily boost a person’s cultivation realm to the maximum. Effective to those below the Hierarch Realm. An ace-in-the-hole pill. A Mid Immortal Grade Pill.” The youngster said.
Jiang Chen’s eyes slightly squinted, he was honestly somewhat moved. Although it’s not exactly a heavenly-defying pill, it could temporarily boost one’s combat strength. The divine origin energy that the Saint Spirit Pill holds must be vast.
Some pills are definitely heavenly-defying but it’s extremely hard to push one’s abilities to the max. It could help you evade and get out from a sticky situation. It’s certainly a priceless pill.
“Not enough, it’s still not enough. You should know that my wager is the recipe for a Peak Immortal Grade Pill, and you’re waging a mid Immortal Grade Pill. It’s not comparable.”
Jiang Chen knew that this fella really wanted the Nine Supreme Saint Bones Pill. It would be great if the wager became more valuable as he may be interested to play.
“Don’t be greedy, the Nine Supreme Saint Bones Pill may be high ranked but let’s talk about you, not even a Hierarch could concoct that pill. It’s useless for you. The value of the Saint Spirit Pill is definitely higher than you think, it can save you if you are put in a sticky situation, a life-saving pill.” The youngster’s expression became gloomy.
“Alright, then, I’ll step back a little. I want the recipe for the Saint Spirit Pill, isn’t that alright? If not, let’s call this off. ” Jiang Chen shrugged.
“Don’t think that I’m giving you a chance, boy, I can easily kill you, don’t be rude. I don’t like to use force against alchemists.” The youngster stared at Jiang Chen.
“Bah, we’ll walk our separate ways.” Jiang Chen turned and left without hesitation.
“You should know that the Saint Spirit Pill cannot be excessively taken, a person’s potential and life would be extinguished if one were to consume three Saint Spirit Pills. It’s not good to forcefully boost one’s strength. I am telling you this for your own good.”
“Don’t need it!”
“You… alright, I promise you. The recipe of the Saint Spirit Pill. I, Zang Tianming, do not lie.” Zang Tianming said while gritting his teeth.
Now, his request was granted as he could compete with Jiang Chen.
“Let’s concoct an Immortal Grade Pill, let’s see who can finish in the shortest time and with the best result, that shouldn’t be hard, right?” Zang Tianming said proudly, as if he’s already bound to win.
“Alright.” Jiang Chen nodded.
“Here, with the sky as the lid and the earth as the furnace!”
Zang Tianming took out his divine cauldron with nine dragons on its body, the carvings were exquisite and lively.
“This cauldron is the Heaven Shocking Cauldron, made by the blood of nine demonic beasts with dragon attributes. Refined by Samadhi True Flame for 49 years. A cauldron that could steal the fortune of the heavens and earth. It’s able to shorten the completion time of the pill and could even add a tinge of dragon qi into the pill, it’s effect is without words.” Zang Tianming smilingly said as he’s proud of his cauldron.
“Let’s start.”
Jiang Chen was calm as he lightly nodded towards Zang Tianming.
The instant they turned their bodies, Jiang Chen’s palm was engulfed with the Five Elemental True Fire. Tianming immediately felt the suffocating flame, the instant he turned his back towards Jiang Chen, the latter already had a Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pill with a fragrant pill scent blooming. At this moment, Zang Tiangming looked at Jiang Chen blankly and turned his gaze towards the pill in Jiang Chen’s palm.
“You… you’re done?”
Zang Tianming was only starting to open the lid to prepare concocting. When he felt the terrifying heat, Jiang Chen had already finished concocting the Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pill and was already looking at him calmly.
“You should know better whether this pill was just made.”
Jiang Chen wasn’t afraid that this fella might accuse him of preparing the pill beforehand. An Immortal Grade Pill was definitely complicated to make. But the moment an Immortal Grade Pill was done, a Dao of Pill would linger around the pill, which the Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pill had at the moment. No matter how much disbelief Tianming was in, he couldn’t help but accept reality with shock.
“This, how can this be?” Zang Tianming said with pure disbelief.
However, the fact was already in his face, he cannot refute it. Plus, as an alchemist, he cannot deny that Jiang Chen really concocted the pill.
“If you can’t do it doesn’t mean others can’t, remember, there are always people stronger than you out there.” Jiang Chen silently looked at Zang Tianming with the tone of a senior.
This was their difference in ability. Jiang Chen had mastered the ways to concoct the Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pill, plus, he already got stronger, it’s not hard to immediately concoct a single pill.
Zang Tianming had witnessed this feat before, to instantly complete a pill and hide away the pill lightning. He’s knowledgeable in this art, no matter whether it was in terms of speed, or precision, or the control of flame, all of them were at its peak, only one could complete such a feat, and he had only seen two people do such a feat before.
“I’ve lost.”
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2610 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2611


Refining a Heavenly Divine Tool
Zang Tianming did not cheat. Since the moment he made the decision to surpass Jiang Chen and compete in alchemy, he was bound to do so. However, he had never thought that he was the one to be defeated, even failing miserably. There was a huge difference between the two of them as Jiang Chen’s flame was extremely terrifying. The moment he noticed Jiang Chen’s flames, Jiang Chen already finished making the pill.
It was not that Zang Tianming could not bear the failure. Since he was in the Northern Cold Divine Region until now, he had been seeking for ingredients and methods to concoct medicinal pills. If he had learned from the public open-heartedly, he would’ve already become a real master of refining medicinal pills.
Jiang Chen’s remarkably wonderful and incredible skills of refining pills had astonished Zang Tianming. He was convinced by his strength.
“This is the formula for concocting the Saint Spirit Pill.”
Zang Tianming stopped entangling with Jiang Chen, it was his final decision to protect his pride. Since the moment he started preparing for the refining of pills, he had thought that he already had the game in his hands. However, the opponent had succeeded while he was just about ready to concoct the pills. Furthermore, the Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pill that was made by Jiang Chen was extraordinarily perfect and unparalleled. It was possible for him to concoct the pills as well. However, the resources consumed and the probability of success would be incomparable with Jiang Chen. Most importantly, Jiang Chen could make a perfect Supreme Grade Medicinal Pill successfully on his first attempt.
“Thank you.”
Jiang Chen wore a slight smile and accepted the recipe for the Saint Spirit Pill. It was expected to be extraordinary, however, he would also suffer severe backlash at the same time if he consumed the pill.
“The Saint Spirit pill will bring a huge harm to one’s health, and your strength and energy will be drained away as well. Please don’t take this pill unless it’s absolutely necessary.”
Even though Zang Tianming was defeated,  he still showed magnificent tolerance and generosity. He even told Jiang Chen about the potential harm of consuming the Saint Spirit Pill. He could have fought by force but having a venerable opponent was the most important experience for him. In fact, Zang Tianming did not lose the match miserably as he had earned Jiang Chen’s respect.
“Alright, I will be aware of that. I am Jiang Chen, we will meet again someday.”
“I am sincerely convinced by your strength. But I will not fall behind as I will be able to concoct a Supreme Grade Medicinal Pill soon with my own strength. If I could make it successfully, I guess it will not be easy for you to defeat me next time. Perhaps not even strong enough to fight me at all.”
Zang Tianming was laughing at himself. He had never thought of taking advantage of Jiang Chen, however, he also had no choice but to admit that he was defeated by him.
Jiang Chen had left while Zang Tianming was still struggling to regain his composure. He had been calling himself as the First Master in the Northern Cold Divine Region. He could not believe that he had lost to an unknown guy who did not even reach the Divine King Realm. It was just ridiculous and sorrowful.
“I thought my pill concocting skill is the greatest among most of the younger generation in the world. I can hardly find an opponent if I did not enter the Central Region Divine Land. I have never expected that I will encounter the greatest challenge of my life in this small Qilian Boundary. I will never forget you, Jiang Chen.”
Zang Tianming turned his back and left. The shadow of his back looked lonely and isolated. However, he did not give up. Losing once did not mean that he would be a loser his whole life. Since he had a long lifetime, perhaps it was not a bad thing to be defeated by Jiang Chen. He was going to the Central Region Divine Land, a place where the world’s pill concocting geniuses assembled. He believed that he could impress everyone with his strength in that place.
Jiang Chen did not return to the inn but found a hidden desolate mountain in the suburban district. He planned to refine a hundred and eight Supreme Divine Tools. Once a hundred and eight Supreme Divine Tools were refined successfully, it would become a Heavenly Divine Tool eventually which would indicate that the Little Ashura Sword Formation would be irresistible and unbeatable. Jiang Chen took out the Azure Cloud Gold and the Millennium Cold Iron that he had obtained in Tian Qi Mountain Range and started refining the weapons.
As the minutes ticked away, Jiang Chen did not dare to take a rest. It was not an easy task to refine a Heavenly Divine Tool with a hundred and eight Supreme Divine Tools. Jiang Chen had to put a lot of effort in refining each type of Divine Tool. Moreover, it would be a great opportunity and trial to test if his refining skills had gained any improvement.
Jiang Chen was using the Myriad Qi Cauldron for refining the Heavenly Divine Tool with deep attention. The light of the Divine Tool was growing brighter under the refinement of the Five Elemental True Fire.
After three days and nights, Jiang Chen had refined all hundred and eight Supreme Divine Tools completely. Each sword had become a true Heavenly Divine Tool. After the refining and forging of the Myriad Qi Cauldron, a formidable and invincible Divine Tool was finally created.
Jiang Chen was holding a Heavenly Divine Sword in his hand and his eyes glittered with bright light. He was aggressive and eager to devour the world at this moment.
He did not know how strong the Little Ashura Sword Formation and the hundred and eight Heavenly Divine Tools were. But at least, he would not be afraid of any Divine King experts at this moment. Even the Hierarch Realm experts may not be able to resist the power of this Little Ashura Sword Formation. It would be different if Jiang Chen could make a turnaround as none of them would stand still and wait for their death.
Jiang Chen held the Storm Hammer and Meteor Hammer in his hand. Both hammers were Heavenly Divine Tools but he decided to use the Azure Cloud Gold in his practice this time. Another day had passed. The hammers in his hands were glimmering with bright radiance. It had become a Supreme Heavenly Divine Tool but Jiang Chen failed to refine it to an Origin Divine Tool even after trying so hard. He was only capable of refining a Supreme Heavenly Divine Tool at this moment.
“Well. I still failed to refine an Origin Divine Tool after all.”
Jiang Chen shook his head, feeling great disappointment in himself. He did not, however, realize that he would earn great respect and popularity by the public in the Lone Dragon County even though he had ‘only’ successfully refined a Heavenly Divine Tool. Countless sects would turn out to meet and greet him passionately.
However, Jiang Chen felt thoroughly dissatisfied. Even though he was able to refine a Heavenly Divine Tool at this moment, it was still not a Supreme Heavenly Divine Tool. He still lacked the necessary ingredients to make one. The reason that the Storm Hammer and Meteor Hammer became  Supreme Heavenly Divine Tools was because of their invincible materials, the remarkable skills of Jiang Chen and the power of the Myriad Qi Cauldron. It was created with all of the significant conditions.
After refining the tools, Jiang Chen took out the Nine Supreme Saint Bone Pill. It was impossible for him to concoct this kind of Supreme Grade Medicinal Pill. The most critical ingredient was the bone of a God Emperor. He could not help but click his tongue. No wonder that guy was forced to give up on this. How could he possibly obtain the bone of a God Emperor? Who would be capable of refining the Nine Supreme Saint Bone Pill even if they got the bone?
“The bone of a God Emperor, Flower of Spirit, Purple Devil Taro……”
Everyone had been yearning for these three  items yet they would not have the courage to pursue them. Even a sect lord would not spare a glance at the pill’s formula as none of them were capable of refining this Nine Supreme Saint Bone Pill.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2611 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2612


A Great Stir in the Formation
Jiang Chen kept the formula. It was impossible for him to refine this medicinal pill within a short period of time. It’s impossible to find the bones of the God Emperor even if he found both the Flower of Spirit and Purple Devil Taro. God Emperors had disappeared and became eternal for ten thousand years. Even though he was strong enough, the bones of the God Emperor were not what he could easily obtain. Jiang Chen knew his own limitations well.
In the following two days, Jiang Chen searched for materials throughout the entire city. He had gathered the main ingredients of concocting the Saint Spirit Pill successfully without getting disappointed. He had refined five Saint Spirit Pills with 50% chance of success. The prices of the Saint Spirit Pills and the Azure Spirit Pill were nearly the same, but the method of making the Saint Spirit Pill was way easier than the Azure Spirit Pill. The most important thing was the strength enhancement, hence the price of Azure Spirit Pill was slightly higher.
“This Saint Spirit Pill is still a precious medicinal pill but I am not sure whether it brings harm to health.”
Jiang Chen glanced at the Saint Spirit Pills in his hand intensely. As he had a terrifying speed of recovery, he was not afraid of the possible side effects that would be brought by the Saint Spirit Pills. He knew about that. Although Zang Tianming had warned him to be cautious, he did not care about it. Perhaps the side effects would be inevitable for the others but it had nothing to do with him.
……….
“Is there a strong stir in the formation?”
Jiang Chen was standing on the peak of the mountain, looking at the Ling Jue City. There was a mighty terrifying force constraining the restoration of the teleportation formation constantly. The mysterious force was invisible and untraceable which was confusing at the same time. Without the No Beginning Formation, it was nearly impossible for him to discover this complicated formation full of subtleties.
“Someone is trying to break the Teleportation Formation.”
Jiang Chen narrowed his eyes slightly. Who was trying to stop them from heading to the Thunder Rush Sea? Although it was merely his speculation without any evidence, he felt doubtful and confused. Otherwise, the hidden formation would not continuously distract the restoration of the formation. It hindered the launching of the Teleportation Formation again and everyone could not use it.
When Jiang Chen returned to the inn, they were about to leave the place. Donghuang Zhuoqing did not pursue the reason for Jiang Chen’s disappearance for a time. It was the time to enter the Teleportation Formation, so none of them wished to stir up any trouble at this moment.
“I’m sorry, everyone. The Teleportation Formation is not completely restored and it will be difficult to be used within a short period of time. Our masters of formation are currently working intensely for the restoration of the formation.”
A master of formation said in a low voice, looking solemn and worried. Most of them were surprised by the news that the Teleportation Formation was still malfunctioning at the moment. The disciples from the ten greatest sects were startled. How could they remain calm after being told that the Teleportation Formation was still unable to function properly after waiting for a few days?
Even though they were filled with anger, it was an indisputable fact that the formation malfunctioned.
“What should we do now? Are we going to cancel the journey to the Thunder Rush Sea?”
“How could they tell us that the Teleportation Formation is not functioning after we waited for so long? How could this happen?”
“I guess there is someone who destroyed the Teleportation Formation intentionally and put a spoke in our wheel to stop us from heading to the Thunder Rush Sea.”
“You’re right. What are the masters of the formation doing right now? Why can’t they fix the Teleportation Formation after so long? Are they telling us to keep waiting for them?”
Jiang Chen was sure that his guess was right after witnessing all of these. It proved that there was someone trying to destroy the Teleportation Formation so all of them would be unable to use the formation. The hidden formation kept attacking the Teleportation Formation which was undergoing restoration. It had made the effort of those masters of formation become meaningless and useless.
“At this rate, it is like a wooden barrel with water leakage and it will be impossible for the Teleportation Formation to be restored completely.”
Jiang Chen’s concern had become the reality.
“It seems like it’s impossible to launch the formation again within a short period of time. Doesn’t it mean that our journey to the Thunder Rush Sea has gone?”
Donghuang Zhuoqing said under his breath.
“What are we supposed to do now? It seems like we will not be able to go to the Thunder Rush Sea if the formation is not restored.”
Murong Yun`er murmured, her eyes full of anxiety.
“This is the first time that I heard this.”
Long Xinghua nodded silently, took a glance at Murong Yuner and the others.
“What do you think about it, Brother Donghuang?”
Long Shaotan plunged deep into thought, propped up his cheek on his elbow. The ten greatest sects had assembled here and most of them were outraged. But they could do nothing about it as the Transmission Formission was not restored completely at the moment.
“I don’t want to see this as a part of the conspiracy, but I think all of these happened is closely  related to our journey to Thunder Rush Sea. It might be the main reason for causing the damage of Transmission Formation.
Donghuang Zhuoqing said lightly.
“I guess there is someone who deliberately launched this formation. Maybe we will be trapped in Ling Jue City if we can’t find the solution. And the journey to the Thunder Rush Sea will be gone as well.”
Jiang Chen said.
“It is easier said than done. Those who are capable of damaging the Teleportation Formation must be one of the strongest Divine King experts. Six masters of formation are unable to restore the Teleportation Formation at the moment. It also indicates the seriousness of the situation, it is not usual at all.”
Qu Tianshu said it coldly.
Most of them were filled with anger but they were helpless at the same time. Everyone felt extremely anxious when the formation was damaged. The people from the ten greatest sects were waiting anxiously. The opportunities waiting for them in the Thunder Rush Sea would slip their grasp if the Teleportation Formation was not repaired.
“Why aren’t anyone from Heavenly Profound Sect and Killing Luo Sect here?”
Long Shaotan noticed a serious problem instantly.
“Yeah. I had never heard of the Heavenly Profound Sect and Killing Luo Sect since we entered the Ling Jue City.”
Donghuang Zhuoqing felt something strange. Logically, these two great sects would not be absent in this journey to the Thunder Rush Sea but they did not show up in the Ling Jue City.
“Isn’t the formation launched by the Heavenly Profound Sect and Killing Luo Sect? Are they trying to constrain us from going to the Thunder Rush Sea?”
A thought came across Long Shaotan’s mind, it made him feel pins and needles. The Heavenly Profound Sect was the greatest sect in the Qilian Boundary while the Killing Luo Sect, which used to act strangely, was ranked next to Heavenly Profound Sect. Both sects were superior to the Eastern Emperor Sect. If these two sects made an alliance, it would be extremely terrible.
“How powerful are the Heavenly Profound Sect and Killing Luo Sect?”
Jiang Chen glanced at Donghuang Zhuoqing.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2612 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2613


The Formation Devil Bai Qi
“If those great sects unite, they would be irresistible in the entire Qilian Boundary. However, the Heavenly Profound Sect used to be a representative of decency and respect while the Killing Luo Sect always acts strange and treacherous. Logically, there will never be an intersection between these two sects.”
Donghuang Zhuoqing wore a worried frown. However this was merely their guess, the truth may never be known.
“There is never a forever friend or a forever enemy. Everything could happen if there are benefits.”
Shen Yingqi took on a ghastly expression, but what he said might be unexpectedly true. Everything is possible if they are driven by their own interest. There is no smoke without fire.
“Could you explain why those two great sects remained silent and did not take any action?”
Long Shaotan didn’t believe what was happening but the current situation pointed to the two great sects. Their journey to the Thunder Rush Sea was going to crash and burn soon.
“Greetings to young sect lord.”
When countless peoples were in an atmosphere of uncertainty and distrust, a good-looking man appeared and soared into the sky. His eyes swept through the void with an overbearing aura. Everyone felt a strong pressure at this moment.
The white-clothed man was holding an azure sword in his hand, looking calm and relaxed. His aura and appearance was unparalleled which could even be called as one of the true beauties in the world. He was even more handsome than Big Yellow in Jiang Chen’s memory.
There was a piece of violet silk ribbon around his waist, and he’s wearing a white jade pendant. A gentleman with purple eyes with an awe-inspiring appearance, a matchless beauty in the world.
There were more than hundreds of Half-step Divine King experts surrounding and guarding the white-clothed man. His dragon’s aura trembled and made everyone withdraw in all directions.
“Everyone, I am the young city lord of Ling Jue City, Zi Xi. My dad is very upset and furious to see the Teleportation Formation being destroyed, even the six formation masters are out of their hands now. I am terribly sorry for this trouble.”
Zi Xi said lightly and looked at the void arrogantly.
“Young city lord, we didn’t mean to land you in trouble. But if the Teleportation Formation is not completely restored, I am afraid that we will return without any achievement in this journey to Thunder Rush Sea. I refuse to do so.”
“Yes, I am unwilling to accept that. We have come all the way here just for the Thunder Rush Sea. It is a golden opportunity that only appears once every thousand years and it will be a pity if we end up like this.”
“Young city lord, we are wondering why the Heavenly Profound Sect and Killing Luo Sect are not in Ling Jue City. Did they send someone to destroy this Teleportation Formation?”
“Young city lord, please do us justice.”
A lot of people on the scene were from the eight great sects. Some of them even wished to leave Ling Jue City as soon as possible. Without the Teleportation Formation, they would be temporarily trapped in Ling Jue City. How could it be possible for them to remain calm and stand still at this moment?”
Jiang Chen stared at the white-clothed gentleman, Zi Xi. His strength was truly impressive and formidable. Jiang Chen believed that his strength might have already reached the Late Divine King Realm, or even the peak since everyone was trembling in fear.
Zi Xi looked into the void and remained silent. Suddenly, he struck out the sword and pierced through the sky. The green shadow of the sword was like a beam of light, breaking the sky with cracks.
“Little kid, not bad. You have sharp senses, I think you’re about to surpass your father.
“Hahaha, son of b*tch. How dare you try to break my Soul Eclipse Formation? You’re over your head.”
An arrogant voice echoed through the void. He dodged the strike easily and skillfully.
The voice made everyone feel startled. Someone had planned to destroy the Teleportation Formation, as they had expected.
“Who are you?”
Zi Xi pointed his sword in the void. The entire Ling Jue City was wrapped in a kind of dark mist, like a devil approaching. Everyone held their breath. The Divine Kings were confronting a great enemy. Meanwhile, Jiang Chen fixed his gaze on the dark mist, he could hardly see the appearance of the person.
“Don’t you know who I am? Hahaha. It seems like Zi Qingyun, that old codger has never mentioned me before. I am the Formation Devil Bai Qi, the only formation devil in Lone Dragon County. Couldn’t you guys guess that the Teleportation Formation will eventually collapse under my formation?”
When the Formation Devil declared his name, everyone was frightened. Formation Devil was a terrifying existence in the entire Lone Dragon County as he was born in the Heavenly Star Boundary, and his formation was invincible. However, he went astray and eventually became obsessed with formations. That was the reason he was known as the Formation Devil who was obsessed with formations and no one could ever beat him.
“The Formation Devil.”
Donghuang Zhuoqing looked solemn and worried.
“Master, who is this Formation Devil?”
Donghuang Taiji looked at his master.
“He is the one who could kill hundreds of experts at once with his formation. The emergence of the Formation Devil made the whole Heavenly Star Boundary and the Nine Heavens trembled with fear. He is known as the most violent and bloodthirsty man, so everyone wanted to put him to death.”
Donghuang Zhuoqing said slowly. Apparently, the name of the Formation Devil had terrified the world, and most of them knew him by his bad reputation.
“Who could ever imagine that the Formation Devil will interfere in our matters this time since we have no rancor against him in the past. Ling Jue City is the main city of the Qilian Boundary. Even though this guy is so arrogant, I guess he would not dare to offend the dignity of our City Lord.”
Long Shaotan was confused and wondered. In fact, the Formation Devil had already declared to fight against Ling Jue City. After all, destroying the Teleportation Formation was not what an ordinary person could simply do.
Jiang Chen recalled what Shen Yingqi had said. Everything was possible if it was related to their own interests. This was the same for the Formation Devil. Since the Formation Devil had never held a grudge againstLing Jue City, his interest had surely driven him to do so.
“This guy has never shown up in Lone Dragon County for over hundred years and now he suddenly appeared in Qilian Boundary once again. It will definitely arouse a great storm. He called himself the greatest Formation Master in the world which indicates that he is not ordinary at all. It seems like our journey to the Thunder Rush Sea has come to an end.”
Long Shaotan said with a sense of great sadness and depression. No matter what the intention of this Formation Devil, it was still impossible to restore the Teleportation Formation at this moment.
“Those six are just good-for-nothing. How dare they call themself as formation masters? It’s  too hilarious. Hahaha.”
The dark mist arose, transforming into a dark furious dragon, and soared into the sky. Zi Xi was about to chase after the dragon but he was forced to step backward. In the twinkling of an eye,the six formation masters were defeated,  while the Teleportation Formation that they had been restoring received great damage.
The six of them had suffered severe injuries. At this moment, everyone fell into despair, realizing that their journey to the Thunder Rush Sea turned into a dream and imagination.
“What a Formation Devil. Everyone, this guy made us come here for nothing. We will disgrace our sects if we didn’t teach him a lesson today.”
“You’re right, it will be a cinch for all of us to defeat the Formation Devil.”
“He is merely a formation master. How could he be so arrogant? He dares to fight against Ling Jue City which indicates that he is going to start a war with the sects in the entire Qilian Boundary. We could not just stay still.”
“Killing the Formation Devil is the way to vent my hatred and grief.”
The voice to kill the Formation Devil was getting louder but the Formation Devil did not care about it.
“I will kill him by myself.”
Zi Xi soared up into the sky, tore the stars apart and rushed straight through the dark mist.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2613 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2614


Clone
Dragons were flying while phoenixes were dancing. Zi Xi transformed into an azure dragon and stepped on the void. The azure dragon penetrated into the dark mist, and the dark dragon dispersed immediately. However, the dark mist fused once again. The mist seemed eternal and immortal, which made everyone feel frightened and anxious. Even though Zi Xi had broken through the clouds and mist repeatedly, he could hardly defeat Formation Devil Bai Qi at all.
“Haha. I told you, you could never defeat me.”
Formation Devil Bai Qi coldly said.
“Young City Lord has already reached the peak of the Divine King Realm. Even so, he is still no match for his opponent. It seems like this guy is truly a tough rival.”
Long Shaotan roared in a low voice. He was about to attack but Donghuang Zhuoqing warned him to hold back.
“Formation Devil looked strange and unusual. We are no match for him.”
Donghuang Zhuoqing knew well about the Formation Devil so he did not plan to attack at this moment. Even the young city lord, Zi Xi could hardly break the dark mysterious mist, making Formation Devil Bai Qi puffed up with pride and arrogance.
“That’s merely a kind of virtual image, not the true body of Formation Devil Bai Qi.”
The force of Jiang Chen’s soul swept through the sky, blotting out and covering the entire sky. However, it was still unrealistic if he wished to defeat Formation Devil Bai Qi with the strength of his soul. Since his virtual shadow and the formation had completely fused together, no one was able to realize that that was not his true body except Jiang Chen.
“What do you mean?”
Long Xinghua, Donghuang Taiji and the others fixed their eyes on Jiang Chen.
“That is just the clone of Formation Devil Bai Qi, he is trying to distract us with his formation. When someone is trying to conceal their mistakes, it only makes it more conspicuous. It is not difficult to kill him.” Jiang Chen said lightly.
Even Donghuang Zhuoqing and Long Shaotan were stunned. Jiang Chen was just being overconfident and overbearing. He was merely a Late Heavenly God while the city lord who has already reached the Late Divine King Realm could do nothing against Formation Devil Bai Qi. How could he be so confident?
“You’re blowing your own trumpet. Humph. How dare you? You’re way over your head. Do you ever know how terrifying  Formation Devil Bai Qi is? You’re such an arrogant guy.”
Shen Yingqi looked at Jiang Chen in disdain. Jiang Chen did not speak it loudly, but most of them had heard him. Some of them were even pointing at the Eastern Emperor Sect and thought the Eastern Emperor Sect was being presumptuous and opinionated. Having such an arrogant disciple had blackened the reputation of the Eastern Emperor Sect.
“Kid, are you serious?”
Qu Tianshu narrowed her eyes and said.
“Killing him will be as easy as killing a chicken, I could do it with my eyes closed.”
Jiang Chen knew that he was no match for Formation Devil Bai Qi in strength and he could not be his opponent even if it was just a phantom. However, Formation Devil Bai Qi believed himself  to be a wise guy and thought that no one could notice his formation. In fact, this clone of him would be vulnerable as soon as the formation collapsed. This formation was a defence to protect himself. Even though the formation was concealed, it was not worth mentioning for Jiang Chen. Formation Devil Bai Qi concealed himself with the formation which was really overconfident. But it was also true that the six formation masters failed to see through his tricks.
“It is the funniest joke that I have ever heard. This is my first time hearing these irresponsible statements. You said that Formation Devil Bai Qi is vulnerable. Can you please show us how strong you are?”
Shen Fanghe said with a cold smile and sneered at Jiang Chen. He had never forgotten that he was badly defeated by Jiang Chen previously.
“Hey trash. You are not qualified to criticize me.”
Jiang Chen’s words had put Shen Fanghe to silence. However, most of them did not care about Jiang Chen as they thought that he was only trying to play to the gallery. He was just a disciple of the Eastern Emperor Sect, not even a Divine King expert. How dare he flatter himself in front of these powerful experts?
Formation Devil Bai Qi was a terrifying existence in Lone Dragon County. Moreover, he was used to killing without even blinking his eyes, he was just cruel and cold-blooded. Each place he went was mostly devastated, not even a blade of grass could grow. This was the origin of his name, Formation Devil.
“Hahaha. Is it all you could do? Compared to your father, you still have a long way to go.”
Formation Devil Bai Qi laughed coldly with a sneer.
“A sword strike that kills a god.”
Zi Xi showed his imposing and overbearing aura which frightened the universe. Unfortunately, he was still unable to break through the dark mist and turned up nothing. It seemed like Formation Devil Bai Qi was only playing tricks in his bag and was able to deal with Zi Xi leisurely.
All of a sudden, a shadow of a sword pierced through the sky and made everyone feel astonished. However, it had nothing to do with the Formation Devil.
“Zi Qingtian, how could you still stay still until now? Did you suffer a bad injury like what the rumour said?”
The Formation Devil murmured continuously. If Zi Qingtian launched a blow, he would be the one to run away. However, his son was desperate and helpless at this moment, was he still going to hide in the dark and keep watching all of these?
“Young city lord, I will lend you a hand.”
Jiang Chen soared up into the heavens which shocked everyone. But most of them were full of  sarcasm and laughter.
“Hahaha. This guy is making a fool of himself. Is he going mad?”
“Does he think that  he is the same as the young city lord? He is digging his own grave by offending Formation Devil Bai Qi.”
“It is a pity that a talented disciple of the Easten Emperor Sect will pass away.”
Zi Xi took a glance at Jiang Chen and wore a worried frown. However, he just remained silent without saying anything. Most of them were making insensitive remarks without lending a hand. Those who wanted to give a try at first, stayed still and just watched from a distance. They did not mean to intervene in the fight.
Eventually, only a Heavenly God Realm young man decided to lend him a hand. It sounded ironic and hopeless.
“You are not his match yet, I warn you to leave immediately. Or else, you will be in danger.”
Zi Xi did not need Jiang Chen’s help as he thought that Jiang Chen would only be a liability. It was impossible for him to do anything on the Formation Devil.
Donghuang Zhuoqing and Long Shaotan looked at each other, their eyes were filled with a gleam of hope. They recalled the moment that Donghuang Zhuoqing and Jiang Chen reached the peak of Emperor Extremity Mountain and became the center of attention. It was a place where the sect lord could not even reach, but Jiang Chen acted as if he was just walking on a normal flat ground.
Donghung Taiji realized something instantly. The difference between Jiang Chen and himself was not only in strength but overbearingness. Jiang Chen was bound to fight to the death without any regret or hesitation even though he knew that he was no match for his opponent.
Jiang Chen did not listen to Zi Xi, and just looked at the dark mist that was formed by Formation Devil Bai Qi.
“Do you think that you could just throw dust in everyone’s eyes by hiding your clone in the formation? Formation Devil Bai Qi, you’re just being overconfident.”
Jiang Chen’s words made Formation Devil Bai Qi heaved a cold breath. He had never expected that a Heavenly God kid would be the one to realize the truth of his formation.
“Kid, do you want to die?”
“You are the one who is going to die. How could you resist these powerful experts once your formation collapsed? It is just a copy of yourself. Do you think that you’re a Sovereign Realm expert?”
Jiang Chen laughed scornfully. Everyone was frightened with Formation Devil Bai Qi while Jiang Chen treated him with haughty contempt.
Zi Xi fixed his glance at Jiang Chen, filled with doubts. However, he believed that Jiang Chen was not making this up!
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2614 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2615


Chapter 2615
It’s not his Real Intention
“What? Do you mean that this is just his clone?”
“Even his clone is so strong, I can’t imagine how strong his true body is.”
“You’re right. This Formation Devil is invincible and unparalleled. It seems like our journey to the Thunder Rush Sea has now become a pipe dream. Moreover, all of the Formation Masters have suffered severe injuries at the moment which also indicates that we are destined to not travel.”
“At this rate, what is the point of staying here? Perhaps we will all be eventually killed by the Formation Devil. Ling Jue City is confronting a crisis at the moment. So, I wonder if the city lord is able to protect the city against the danger.”
The crowd surrounding them were in the midst of a heated discussion, fear spread through the city. Everyone was worried about their safety as they had fallen into despair due to the failure of the Thunder Rush Sea Journey. The Teleportation Formation in the Ling Jue City was destroyed by Formation Devil Bai Qi and no one knew when it would be restored. Moreover, they were confronting the danger of becoming the target of the Formation Devil at any time.
“Even though it is just a clone, killing you will be as easy as killing a chicken.”
The dark mist kept soaring into the sky and circled over Jiang Chen. It seemed like it would swallow Jiang Chen at any moment.
“Leave now.”
Zi Xi leapt up to the sky and made Jiang Chen stay behind him. He drew his sword and struck out but the Formation Devil disappeared with no trace.
“This guy is just acting too reckless, he is digging his own grave now. Humph.”
Shen Yingqi said coldly. He was dying to see Jiang Chen get killed by the Formation Devil so that he could vent his hatred.
“Yes, he’s being too arrogant and overbearing. It is the time to pay a price for it.”
Shen Fanghe said ferociously.
“Jiang Chen is just overconfident. How is it possible for him to face the Formation Devil with his own strength?”
Long Shaotan shook his head and heaved a deep sigh. But he was not supposed to comment much about it since Jiang Chen was not from the Nine Dragon Palace after all.
Meanwhile, Donghuang Zhuoqing was watching Jiang Chen silently. He believed that Jiang Chen was not someone who would show off in front of the crowd. Nevertheless, they were now in a critical situation and Jiang Chen had found a way to defeat the Formation Devil, so he would never stay still for sure.
“Hey kid, do you want to die?”
Formation Devil Bai Qi asked coldly but Jiang Chen did not turn a hair.
Jiang Chen murmured some words under his breath and casted the art technique. He struck out aggressively with a series of formations to break through.
Jiang Chen protected himself with the Fire Elemental Trigram Fire Formation. He could break through Divine Kings but not Formation Devil Bai Qi’s clone. Jiang Chen believed deeply that the clone could not be shattered. When everyone thought Jiang Chen was at his death door, Formation Devil Bai Qi stopped and was stunned though.
“I have never thought that you are a formation expert as well. It seems like I underestimated you.”
Formation Devil Bai Qi said coldly. But the moment that he wanted to strike out again, a Seven Stars Eight Trigram fell out from the sky which wrapped him up completely. The dark mist was covered by the Eight Trigram Formation and Formation Devil Bai Qi was completely wrong-footed. He had never expected that there was a formidable formation genius in the Ling Jue City.
Jiang Chen was casting the art techniques in one hand, while the other hand was controlling the Seven Stars Eight Trigram Formation well. It seemed simple but it was effective. The dark mist could not escape any more.
“Ashes to ashes and dust to dust, just fade away!”
Jiang Chen repressed and struck out a strong blow from the sky. The dark mist that was wrapped by the Seven Stars Eight Trigram Formation was dispersing across the sky and faded away at this moment.
“Kid, you’re my mortal enemy now. I will never let you off even if I overturned the entire Qilian Boundary.”
The Formation Devil’s voice became weaker, full of grudges and hatred. The terrible resentment made everyone feel dread and frightened.
“How could you be so confident when you are on the eve of death? You’re right. I cannot badly injure you by destroying your clone, but you will not get any advantage at all. Seven Stars and Eight Trigrams devouring the heavens, revealing the devils and demons!”
Jiang Chen reached out his hand and held it high in the sky, his eyes were full of overbearing aura. He was like a huge palm scattering the dark mist utterly, making Formation Devil lose his fighting force completely. A kind of black ashes were left, transformed into a shadow and fell on the ground.
“Rubbish.”
Jiang Chen said it coldly. Perhaps he would feel slightly frightened if his true body was here. But it was just an invincible clone of the Formation Devil. It was just ridiculous to make everyone bow their head to it. Nevertheless, six of the formation masters were destined to nurse a grievance without Jiang Chen.
“The clone of the Formation Devil has been destroyed.”
Jiang Chen took a glance at Zi Xi and nodded slightly.
Zi Xi stared at Jiang Chen in astonishment, so were the crowd. No one expected Jiang Chen to have such a devastating and mighty strength which could even defeat the Formation Devil. It would be an unbelievable story for them without witnessing it for themselves.
“Wow. Is it true? How could this guy manage to defeat Formation Devil Bai Qi? Even Divine Kings failed to do so.”
“Seeing is believing. I could not have believed it if I didn’t see it, but this is the truth.”
“Even the young city lord is incapable of doing so but he succeeded. He will definitely achieve a great reputation in the entire Ling Jue City.”
“Haven’t you heard of it? It is merely a clone, which is not strong at all. Why should we celebrate when it is not a matter for great rejoicing?”
Someone said it, full of jealousy. Jiang Chen did not even reach the Divine King Realm while those Divine King Realm experts were helpless. He did not deserve this. How could he gain the attention of the crowd? What he did was just defeat a clone. Shen Ying Sect was mean and despicable but they failed to convince all of them. Most of them were on Jiang Chen’s side and he won the cheers from them.
Donghuang Zhuoqing was the one who felt most delighted as Jiang Chen had brought a profound honour to their Eastern Emperor Sect. Even the young city lord felt helpless but he handled it at ease. He was just invincible for having such a remarkable strength.
“It is just a clone of the Formation Devil.”
Zi Xi looked disappointed and heaved a deep sigh. He could not even fight against a clone of the Formation Devil, it sounded too ironic and ridiculous. In fact, he would not be able to accomplish the mission of protecting Ling Jue City without the help of Jiang Chen, a kid who did not even reach the Divine King Realm.
“That’s right. It is true that the Formation Devil is extraordinarily strong, but only limited to the formation skills. He will not constrain your strength since his ultimate purpose is to hold us back. Destroying the Teleportation Formation intentionally is not a challenging task for them as they can do it effortlessly.
Jiang Chen said.
“Do you mean that it is premeditated by Formation Devil Bai Qi?”
Zi Xi looked dignified.
“He is most probably planning to make us trapped here and the Thunder Rush Sea is their ultimate target.”
Jiang Chen went on.
“Unfortunately, we could not do anything about it.”
Zi Xi said it lightly. He agreed with what Jiang Chen had said, the Formation Devil attained his mission. At the moment, the Teleportation Formation was damaged and it would not be easy for them to find Formation Masters to restore the formation within a short period of time.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2615 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2616


Formation Sect, Exterminated
“Reporting to Young Lord, the scouts that returned from the Five Elements Sect, it has been destroyed, all the Formation Masters have been killed, no survivors.” A man clad in black stood behind Zi Xi and said quietly.
“Five Elements Sect?” Jiang Chen slightly frowned.
“One of the top 20 sects in the Qilian Region that specialize in formation got destroyed, massacred.”  Zi Xi sighed.
This was surely a deliberate plan, the moment they attempted to destroy the teleportation formation, they’d already thought of all the possibilities. The Five Elements Sect that specializes in formation getting massacred was a clear sign that the things that are happening here are not simple. A storm was bound to hit Ling Jue City.
“What? The Five Elements Sect was exterminated? To think such a terrifying thing had happened?!”
“The Five Elements Sect, the rank 13th sect of the Qilian Region, a powerful sect, their formations might even be compared against the top 10 sects.”
“This is obviously planned, the destruction of the Five Elements Sect meant that this Formation Demon had planned all of these.”
“Looks like our trip to the Thunder Rush Sea is not going to go through.”
The people were getting anxious, and Zi Xi could do nothing to stop it. The most important thing now was to fend off the Formation Demon, otherwise, the situation may get worse.
“Fellow guest, please return. The teleportation formation is destroyed and our city lord’s mansion is deeply saddened by it. However, there’s nothing we could do now that the situation has come to this. I shall return and discuss this matter with my father.” Zi Xi said.
Although the people were unwilling to accept it, they still chose to leave nonetheless. There’s nothing they could do even if they stayed.
“Friend, my father left me a message. I hope that you could follow me back to the City Lord Mansion.” Zi Xi looked at Jiang Chen and said quietly.
“The City Lord’s Mansion?” Jiang Chen smiled. He wanted to lay-low but now it looks like it would be impossible.
Looks like the City Lord is not a good position. I’m guessing that the city is not in a stable state too.
“Alright.”
Jiang Chen said his goodbyes to his group and followed Zi Xi to the mansion.
The City Lord’s Mansion wasn’t grand nor big. It was situated below a tiny mountain.
The words ‘simple and crude’ were just the right words to describe the mansion.
The mansion was surrounded by over a hundred guards, almost all of them were Half-Step Divine Kings, a dozen of them were even Divine Kings, it was a mighty force to be reckoned with.
They all bowed after seeing Zi Xi.
Jiang Chen and Zi Xi entered the mansion and a buff middle-aged man stood in the middle of the hall. Although Jiang Chen wasn’t sure, he guessed that the one he met was the city lord. However, his aura felt familiar.
“I, Jiang Chen, greet the City Lord.” Jiang Chen said.
“You broke the Formation Demon Bai Qi’s Fabrication Formation, stopping his evil deeds, you’ve made quite a contribution towards my Ling Jue City.” The middle-aged man said vigorously.
Jiang Chen couldn’t get his head behind this. This man was the true master of the Qilian Region, the master of Ling Jue City, the Venerable Lord of the Nine Regions. He should’ve gone beyond the Divine King Realm. Jiang Chen was wary of this point, those who were able to reach the Hierarch Realm were no simple fools.
“I thank the City Lord for praising me, it’s just a simple act, it doesn’t need to be spoken of.” Jiang Chen said with a smile.
“Hehe, young man, to be this humble, good mental disposition. Tell me, do you think that the teleportation formation could be reactivated?” The middle-aged man slowly turned and looked at Jiang Chen with his sharp pair of eyes, filled with cold dominance.
However, it was also kind at the same time, a pair of eyes like those of the stars.
“I can try.” Jiang Chen said.
“What? You can reactivate the transportation formation and repair it?” Zi Xi looked at Jiang Chen with shock.
Although Jiang Chen was able to break Bai Qi’s formation, that didn’t mean that he could repair the formation. That formation was built by a Divine Emperor with great effort. It’s not something that could be imitated by anyone, not even six Divine King Formation Masters could repair it.
“I dare not guarantee it but it’s not hopeless.” Jiang Chen said.
“Good lad, you’re interesting. I’ll reward you greatly if you manage to reactivate the formation.”
Zi Qingtian stared at Jiang Chen, and Zi Xi’s expression was filled with disbelief. However, Jiang Chen breaking Bai Qi’s formation was definitely blood-boiling.
“I shall do my best to repair the teleportation formation.” Jiang Chen nodded.
“Also, what do you think about the massacre of the Five Elements Sect?”
Zi Qingtian wanted to hear Jiang Chen’s thought about this.
“It should be the Formation Demon’s handiwork, or, the ones behind him. Somebody wanted to stop the top 10 sects from reaching the Thunder Rush Sea, the plan is perfect. However, I think it’s too much to massacre the Five Elements Sect just for the sake of the Thunder Rush Sea.”
“Oh? You think that there’s a great scheme moving behind all of these?”  Zi Qingtian looked at Jiang Chen with eyes filled with  amusement.
“The Heavenly Profound Sect and Killing Luo Sect did not send anyone, this meant that something must be going on in those two sects. I believe that is what the City Lord is worried about. Both of those sects are super-sects, both of them combined would be unstoppable in this Qilian Region. I suspect that there’s more to this, but this is just my guess.” Jiang Chen said without holding back.
Because he believed that the lord would not act against someone as weak as him. Although the Formation Demon must have a reason for doing so, the lord must’ve some clues about it too.
“Reasonable, but some things may not be as simple as you think.”  Zi Qingtian shook his head and gently smiled.
Although he holds a high position, he’s not arrogant. This was Jiang Chen’s first time meeting such a character. Although the helplessness he exhibited was one that was bound to be experienced as the lord of the city.
“Father…” Zi Xi wanted to say something but was cut-off by Zi Qingtian.
“Time is of the essence, all the great sects are waiting, the trip to the Thunder Rush Sea is near. I will surely reward you greatly if you manage to do it.”
Zi Qingtian stared at Jiang Chen.
“I hope I won’t disappoint the lord’s wishes.” Jiang Chen nodded and left the City Lord’s Mansion immediately.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2616 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2617


Repairing the Teleportation Formation
“Assist him, now that the situation is much more complicated, join in on their journey to the Thunder Rush Sea as soon as the Teleportation Formation would be activated. It may be much more exciting over there.” Zi Qingtian said.
“But father… our is unstable.” Zi Xi said worriedly.
“No one would dare cause chaos with me here, at least for now.” Zi Qingtian said calmly as he asked Zi Xi to leave.
He then drowned himself into a deep thought.
“The prophecy a thousand years ago, has it finally come true? Old coot, I’ll use all my power to stop you in your tracks.” Zi Qingtian murmured as he recalled the mighty battle against that guy in the past.
Unfortunately, he’s not as powerful as he was in the past, a thousand years of suppression and the price he paid was nearing his limits. A thousand years has passed, looks like something big is going to happen, could Ling Jue City be turned upside down by that fella?
Nobody was around the Teleportation Formation, only Jiang Chen and Zi Xi, who was standing behind him.
“Brother, are you confident?”
Zi Xi was still doubtful of Jiang Chen, he’s not 100% sure Jiang Chen could really repair the teleportation formation. However, it shouldn’t be too hard with the No Beginning Formation as the base to repair the Teleportation Formation, still, it’s going to cost Jiang Chen a great deal of energy.
“I’ll try my best.” Jiang Chen said with a smile as he looked back at the tattered Teleportation Formation with a sharp gaze.
Jiang Chen controlled a part of the No Beginning Formation and fused it with the Teleportation Formation. Zi Xi silently watched Jiang Chen nervously.
The Teleportation Formation was extremely unique, it’s hard for those below the Divine Emperor Realm to repair it. Even though Jiang Chen had the No Beginning Formation, it was still hard for him.
Divine Emperors could do anything they want, and this kind of formation would be nothing for them as they could instantaneously travel anywhere as their understanding towards the laws of the heavens and earth were deep.
However, it’s still too far off for Jiang Chen to think about the Divine Emperor Realm.
Jiang Chen saw hope as the formations merged. Because the Teleportation Formation was getting repaired.
Jiang Chen dared not to dawdle as he pushed forth with the No Beginning Formation, and the destroyed Teleportation Formation was restored to its original state.
Several hours passed by in a flash, Jiang Chen felt tired after pouring in so many hours as it required a massive amount of divine origin energy to maintain the formation, especially the No Beginning Formation. Although he’s supported by the wood spirit, it still couldn’t keep up, the expense was just too much.
However, the Teleportation Formation was already repaired by half and Zi Xi silently felt impressed as he watched Jiang Chen.  Although he’s just a Late Heavenly God,  no other Late Heavenly God could replicate his might. Especially in his achievement of repairing the teleportation formation as other masters of formation couldn’t do it.
A day and a half had passed and Jiang Chen had finally finished repairing the Teleportation Formation. He was utterly spent, his face was covered with sweat. Although it was difficult it was also satisfying as he managed to succeed in the end.
“Did it, we did it! Haha.” Zi Xi looked at Jiang Chen with eyes full of admiration.
This person is one of the most terrifying people I’ve ever seen. To think he was able to repair the Teleportation Formation that was destroyed by Bai Qi.
“You can inform them that the Teleportation Formation could be used now.” Jiang Chen said with a bright smile.
Zi Xi has never seen such a bright smile before. At this moment, Jiang Chen did not just fulfill the lord’s expectation, he also had a qualitative improvement.
Jiang Chen’s understanding towards the No Beginning Formation had improved. Although just a part of this formation could not defeat the world, his understanding towards it had gained a massive leap.
Everyone was shocked when Zi Xi informed all the great sects.
“How can this be? The Teleportation Formation is repaired?”
“That easy? It got  repaired by an Eastern Emperor Sect disciple?”
“Although I still refuse to believe it, the formation is genuinely repaired. Our trip to the Thunder Rush Sea is still on. Hahaha.”
Everyone was exceptionally happy, looks like their trip to the Thunder Rush Sea wasn’t over.
“We should thank the person, his name is Jiang Chen.” Zi Xi said.
However, those who genuinely felt grateful to Jiang Chen were scarce because they were rushing towards the Thunder Rush Sea, to be faster than the other groups.
Jiang Chen smiled, he’s not one to desire thanks. Therefore, he didn’t make a fuss about it and he, himself, also needed to reach the Thunder Rush Sea as soon as possible.
“This is human nature.”
Jiang Chen looked at Zi Xi and the latter felt somewhat angry. Yet, unable to change the hearts of those men, perhaps this truly was human nature.
“Jiang Chen, good job.” Donghuang Zuoqing lightly patted Jiang Chen’s shoulder. It was the greatest compliment the elder had given.
Long Shaotan was also praising Jiang Chen.
“You’re the only one after Donghuang Tai’a that lunatic that I truly respect.” Donghuang Taiji and Jiang Chen looked at each and said.
He then turned towards the Teleportation Formation with Murong Yun’er.
“Cheh, he could’ve just been lucky. Hmph, it’s not weird for you to repair the formation, anyone could’ve got lucky once or twice in their life. Let’s go, I hope you’ll survive the Thunder Rush Sea.” Qu Tianshu said in a weird tone.
However, it didn’t look like she’s planning to squabble with Jiang Chen. As it would’ve been a great thing if the trip was cancelled but it’s not necessarily bad if the Teleportation Formation got repaired.
“Let’s go, Thunder Rush Sea, here we come.” Jiang Chen smirked. It’s probably going to be an exciting journey.
“I’ll follow you guys.” Zi Xi entered the Teleportation Formation too.
At this moment, everyone had to re-think about this, the Young Lord, Zi Xi following them, could this be the order of the city lord? Could the City Lord Mansion aim for the treasures of the Thunder Rush Sea too?
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2617 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2618


The Waves of the Thunder Rush Sea
Violent winds and stormy clouds gathered on top of the sea. A black illusory figure was cruising through between the stormy clouds and the sea with lightning striking past him.
That figure sometimes cruised through the waves and sometimes shoots through the stormy clouds up above.
Nobody knows whether the Thunder Rush Sea is connected to the vast sea, or what’s on the other side. There were some who tried to venture past the sea but never came back since then. The demons within the sea were much more savage and ferocious compared to those on the land. There were millions of Divine Kings, Hierarch Realm sea demons. Rumours have it that there’s more than one God Emperor Realm demon in the depths of the sea.
There’s always waves on the sea. The sea was akin to a giant beast that could swallow anything that comes near it.
In the chilling night, the violent waves hit the walls of the tall mountain and deep valley.
“Big Brother, I heard that the Thunder Rush Sea is different this time and a lot of people are attracted by it. Then, those fools must be furiously fighting against each other in Ling Jue City.” The youngster clad-in-black said with a laugh as his eyes gazed into the depths of the sea.
“Even so, don’t let your guard down, it’s not yet the time to be happy.” The white-robed youth shook his head, his expression was solemn, as if he’s waiting for something.
“Looks like this time the Thunder Rush Sea is too quiet, something’s not right.” A curly-haired man who was wielding a golden metal hammer sneered.
He had a pair of long and narrow eyes, constantly scouting the area, awaiting to act if there’s any changes.
“Li Peng, is there a need to be this nervous? Is this the only capability of your Heavenly Profound Sect?” The youngster clad-in-black shook his head and laughed, as if he’s looking down on Li Peng.
“It’s different from the past.” Li Peng said.
“Don’t be rude, Hei Cha.” The white-robed man looked at him and Hei Cha just shrugged.
He knew that it was pointless to attempt to anger Li Peng as they were now on the same team.
“I’d like to deal with people like Yin Hun, at least he knew what he should or should not say.” Li Peng closed his eyes to rest.
Hei Sha sneered and did not squabble further. They were waiting, the moment something up with the Thunder Rush Sea, it would surely be great.
“I hope everything goes according to what the Sect Lord planned.”
Suddenly, a violent wind was brewing, the silent sea was no more, the hundreds and thousands of petrels that were on the shore flapped their wings and flew away from the shore.
However, a giant wave came crashing down upon the shore before the petrels could take off, killing them off in an instant.
“Petrels… why aren’t you more careful? That big of a wave, you’re truly seeking death.” Hei Cha said with a smile.
Not even the swift petrels could evade the waves. The thunder was getting louder and ear-piercing, lightning struck through the sky, lighting up the whole Thunder Rush Sea.
“There’s something strange about this big wave, isn’t it low tide? How can such a tall wave appear?” Li Peng’s eyes became cold.
In an instant, great waves came crashing, one taller than the previous. Terrifying waves that could swallow up a thousand meter tall great mountain, the Wind and Thunder Canyon was filled by sea water by now. The canyon was covered when it should’ve appeared during a low tide.
The waves were much too fierce, those below the Divine King Realm could not withstand it. Three waves were crashing upon the group. Although the ones standing behind Li Peng and Yin Hun were at least Peak Heavenly Gods and some were even Divine Kings, they were all wrecked apart and killed by the waves, the survivors quickly retreated back to safety.
Hei Cha finally became serious after seeing a dozen experts killed by the waves, and as he also suffered some minor injuries. Those who weren’t lucky enough became treasures that awaited others to dig up from the sea. The three of them quickly retreated but they were all drenched in sea-water. They did not know whether the up-coming waves would be as scary as this.
Three waves, killing off Divine Kings!
The terror of the Thunder Rush Sea had truly been exhibited. At this moment, they finally knew why this place was regarded as a restricted area, meaning that only every thousand years could the waves here be at its weakest and a low-tide will appear, other than that, the waves here could be described as catastrophic.
Li Peng and Yin Hun had a bunch of men behind them, but they all became lost souls in the face of these waves. The destruction brought about by those waves was truly ‘magnificent’, truly the work of nature.
“This is terrifying.”
Hei Cha realised the terrifyingness of the Thunder Rush Sea as a thousand meter tall mountain would also get swept up by those waves. Above them, there were also thunder and lightning striking upon the sea, thunder flashes could even be seen occurring every now and then as if the sea and thunder were one. That terrifying destructiveness could definitely kill a person, not even a Divine King could leave unscathed in the face of those lightning and waves.
“So… this is the thunder and lightning over here, huh?” Li Peng murmured.
The thunder roars put him in a daze. On top of the Thunder Rush Sea, lightning struck from the stormy clouds, a unique scene that could only be viewed from the Thunder Rush Sea. It’s thunder could even shake a man’s soul, causing hair to stand, and ears to ring. Li Peng was also a lightning attribute cultivator but even he sighed in the face of such force of nature.
“There’s more?!” Hei Sha said.
As the fourth wave that was taller than the ones before came crashing upon the Wind and Thunder Canyon. It was catastrophic and a good representation of destruction.
“Move, quick!” Someone shouted.
Four Divine King experts quickly leapt up towards the sky and protected the three while withstanding the terrifying force from the wave. The four got pushed back in a distraught manner.
“Li Shi-shu!” (His master’s junior – same generation as the master) Li Peng shouted.
Luckily, the four of them came out from the waves and did not get swallowed up by the vicious sea. They quickly retreated back several hundred lis away.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2618 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2619


The Tides Subsided and the Valley Emerged
“The lot of you would’ve died there if you guys were any slower, not even us old coots could’ve survived that.”
Li Shi-shu sighed and shook his head as he was still feeling nervous from the previous encounter.
“Those waves are weird. Although they’re the same as the waves a few hundred years ago, they have a catastrophic energy, no one could withstand it. We’re already losing a lot, hundreds of Heavenly Gods and Half-Step Divine Kings have died.” Li Shi-shu sighed.
He had already gotten used to people dying. However, it was different this time, they were all here to improve themselves, to reach for a greater height. These prodigies of the sect were brought to the Thunder Rush Sea to improve themselves.
“The tide should last around three days, looks like the tide will subside after this great wave.” The boney old man standing beside Li Shi-shu said quietly.
“Things have changed, a thousand years have passed and we could’ve died on this shore.”
Li Peng, Yin Hun and Hei Cha stared at the domineering wave. The might of nature was truly terrifying. One could easily lose his life against such force.
Three days later, the tides were getting lower and slowly subsided, a thousand-meter deep giant canyon emerged from the bottom of the sea. It was covered with moss, corals and wood wreckages, it’s like a historical site in the wilderness, it was deathly quiet, only the echoes of the seabed could be heard.
The Wind and Thunder Canyon was the most mysterious place of the Thunder Rush Sea, it’s like an underwater divine palace, it’s also like an ancient ruin, nobody knew what lies under this canyon.
From afar, there were hundreds of corpses that were in pieces, destroyed by the seawater. The effect of the corrosion of the seawater could even corrode a body of a Divine King.
“Rest in peace.” Li Peng said silently as sadness filled his heart.
Since they were his juniors and brothers. The spooky dark canyon had a mysterious force of attraction, luring them in, slowly but surely.
“We can only stay here for three days. Three days later, the tide will return to normal and none of us will live through that, we must return after three days.” Li Shi-shu said.
It was not a warning, but an order as he looked at Li Peng with a heavy stare.
“Hahaha, I’m late, fellas.” A boney figure clad in black cloth appeared before them from the sky, he had deep eye sockets with a smiling face, giving off a creepy vibe.
“Mr Bai, welcome.” Li Shi-shu said with a smile.
Mr Bai shook his head and said:
“I am only concerned about the Eight Formation Drawing, you wouldn’t disappoint me, right?”
“Naturally, Mr Bai has contributed the most this time, we will not tie you down.” Li Shi-shu nodded.
“Alright, let’s go, I’ve always wanted to see the rumoured Wind and Thunder Canyon, what does it look like.”
Bai Qi then entered the Wind and Thunder Canyon right after .
The group of seven quickly entered the canyon.
At this moment, the sky darkened for one whole minute and finally, a ray of sunshine pierce through the sky.
“Hahaha, Thunder Rush Sea, I’m finally here.”
“Yeah, we should be able to reach the Thunder Rush Sea this time.”
“Guys, look! There’s the Wind and Thunder Canyon.”
Someone  looked from afar and saw the Wind and Thunder Canyon that was situated less than 100 Li away from them.
Jiang Chen and the group came out of the formation. The sky of the Thunder Rush Sea was clear, the waters were chilly and the air was fresh.
Over thirty men came out from the formation, each of their eyes filled with excitement and expectation as if they will become the masters of the Wind and Thunder Canyon.
Everyone rode on the wave and rushed towards the canyon.
*Woah~*
Everyone was shocked when they arrived at the Wind and Thunder Canyon. Because there were already hundreds of corpses on it.
“I recognise him, he’s Geng Jingzhong from the Killing Luo Sect, a Half-Step Divine King disciple, one of the elites of his sect.”
“Yeah, it’s Geng Jingzhong, I went on a hunting trip with him before.”
“I recognise that guy, he’s also from the Killing Luo Sect. Looks like the Killing Luo Sect and Heavenly Profound Sect got to the Wind and Thunder Canyon first.”
“That guy is a Divine King expert, I’ve met him in Ling Jue City a few years ago, one of the top 10 disciples of the Heavenly Profound Sect, he’s dead too.”
They felt threatened as these dead guys were stronger than most of them. Although the weakest of their bunch was a Half-Step Divine King, who could guarantee that they won’t die like the people before them?
A nameless fear enveloped their hearts. This Wind and Thunder Canyon became akin to hell.
“So? Are we going in?” Murong Yun’er looked at Donghuang Taiji and said quietly.
“There’s nothing to pity about them as they’ve already died. Those who stand in my way will die too, in the end.” Donghuang Taiji said with dominance.
He did not waver even though many experts had died here recently.
“Looks like we have company in the Wind and Thunder Canyon.” Jiang Chen nodded.
“Jiang Chen is right. The other party will surely get ahead of us if we do not enter now. I’m pretty sure that those two sects must have a hand in the destruction of the formation.” Zi Xi said.
“Let’s not waste any more time, let’s go.” Donghuang Zuoqing nodded and led the group along with Long Shaotan.
Jiang Chen looked up and felt that a pair of eyes were watching him yet there was nothing in the sky.
The Thunder Rush Sea was calm after the tides had subsided, yet it was still pretty scary for Divine King experts.
The Wind and Thunder Canyon was like a giant ancient ruin, filled with mystery and beauty, akin to a smooth jade carved out by the waves of the sea.
“It’s different from the ones that we’ve seen before.” Li Shi-shu said, his expression became heavy.
This wasn’t his first time in the Wind and Thunder Canyon, this time, it’s like an underwater divine palace. Yet, it felt like someone was watching them after entering the canyon.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2619 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2620


Icy Sea Divine Dragon Palace
“Legends have it that the Wind and Thunder Canyon is different every time it shows up, looks like it;s true. This canyon is probably built on a formation, not even I could understand it,” said Bai Qi.
“This is probably an ancient formation, it’s extremely hard to find its trace. This Wind and Thunder Canyon is truly shocking.”
“Guys, look! That’s a Deep Sea Alligator Abalone, it’s huge. Haha, that’s akin to an Immortal Grade Pill.” Hei Cha’s eyes lit up and picked up the abalone that was the size of a man. The others were shocked, as the fella was pretty lucky. Although it’s precious, it’s not at the level where they needed to fight for it.
“That’s a Supreme Coral!” Li Peng too found his own treasure as he saw something from afar.
It was a rainbow-coloured coral, its value was similar to the abalone earlier.
“Good stuff, good stuff. Hahaha.” Bai Qi said with a mad laugh as they continued to move forward, deeper.
“It’s a Supreme Grade Cold Jade Plaque.” Yin Hun’s eyes spotted a plaque that was several zhang tall.
A small piece of Supreme Grade Cold Jade was able to get a divine tool. Such a giant piece of it would be priceless. But the most shocking thing was the words on top of it…
“IcE Sea Divine Dragon Palace!” Yin Hun murmured.
“What? Did you say Ice Sea Divine Dragon Palace?” Bai Qi suddenly turned back and looked at the words, his expression became solemn.
“Why? Is there a problem? Mr Bai.” Yin Hun asked.
“It’s not just a problem, the Ice Sea Divine Dragon Palace, hahaha. To think I’m able to come to this place during my lifetime. Haha this is fate, fate, a good fate. Hahaha.”
Li Shi-shu and the others were puzzled by Bai Qi’s reaction. They guessed that the Ice Sea Divine Dragon Palace must be some supreme treasure spot, one could imagine from just the name alone, the Ice Sea Divine Dragon Palace. The palace of a divine dragon, how could it be normal?
Bai Qi’s expression slowly recovered and became solemn once again.
“I hope Mr. Bai will explain to us.” Li Shi-shu said with a smile.
Bai Qi looked at Li Shi-shu, slightly impatient. He would’ve rushed head-first into the Ice Sea Divine Dragon Palace if he came here with his real-body and not just a clone, clearing up all the treasures that lie within the place. It’s a pity that he had joined hands with these two sects and with the Eight Formation Drawing as the reward. He wouldn’t go too far against them unless there’s something greater than the Eight Formation Drawing.
“The Ice Sea Divine Dragon Palace once had divine dragons and it might house the supreme treasures of the dragon clan, possibly even the dragon ball. The Dragon Clan is great at seeking out treasures, each and every one of them was rich. This Ice Sea Divine Dragon Palace is not simple.” Bai Qi said it indifferently.
However, Li Shi-shu and the others became solemn after hearing it. The supreme treasures of the Dragon Clan, it would certainly be eye-opening. Although they were in the Qilian Region, one of the bigger regions of the Divine World, they’ve never met the Dragon Clan before as not even the people of the Central Region Divine Land have seen them. They’re a mysterious clan and the Ice Sea Divine Dragon Palace was a place from such a clan.
“Divine Dragon, haha, looks like this trip is worth my time.” Hei Cha smiled, his eyes glittering.
This time, it looks like the reward they may reap would be unimaginable with the destruction of the formation thanks to the effort of the two sects and Bai Qi.
“Remember, do not destroy anything here, the Dragon Clan is great at collecting treasures and their restrictive spell is also the most lethal and terrifying. You may not end well if you touch something that you shouldn’t have. A restrictive spell is like a mini formation that comprises spells. The restrictive spell is one of the Dragon Clan’s most powerful arsenal. Almost on-par with their formation techniques. Don’t say that I never warn you.” Bai Qi said coldly.
Although it looked like he’s giving them a piece of advice, his true intention was to take those peerless treasures for himself if they were to bump into them.
“Understood.” Li Shi-shu and the others nodded and continued to move deeper into the Ice Sea Divine Dragon Palace.
They slowly and carefully moved into the deeper parts of the Ice Sea Divine Dragon Palace. There were corpses of demonic beasts lying around everywhere, some of them were still in-tact, not only bones, but some of them either had their bones shattered and some had their body parts separated.
Moreover, there were some broken, rusted and shattered weapons lying around.
The Ice Sea Divine Dragon Palace was ginormous, it was as if it’s as big as the canyon.
“It’s a 10,000 years deep-sea clam.”
Bai Qi quickly closed into it and shattered the clam. The clam had died thousands of years ago and a bright ray of light shot through the shattered clamshell. A palm-sized pearl appeared before their eyes.
A brilliant light shone from the pearl, that radiant light seemed like it was trying to prove that it has the shiniest glow under the sea.
“To think it’s a deep-sea pearl.”
Bai Qi grabbed the pearl tight in his hand. Li Shi-shu and the others did not contest it. After all, the two sects were able to get here swiftly all thanks to him.
“Congratulations, haha, Mr Bai’s luck is pretty good.” Li Shi-shu said with a smile.
Bai Qi nodded proudly as he kept the pearl, its value was on-par with a Heavenly Divine Tool. Plus, the energy it contained was vast.
Yin Hun and Li Peng’s eyes almost popped out from staring at the pearl. However, Bai Qi had already had it in his hands. They couldn’t rob it off from him and they understood how powerful he was. Although not as powerful as their sect lord, he was certainly a force to be reckoned with. Even Li Shi-shu and the others had to be respectful of him.
“Naturally, since, I’m the one who found the Ice Sea Divine Dragon Palace, hahaha.”
Bai Qi continued to move forward as he treads on those shiny bones. Crack crack, God knows how many years ago these demonic beasts had died.
“Why is he so cocky? He wouldn’t have worked so hard if it wasn’t for the Eight Formation Drawing… Now he wants to take it all?” Hei Cha sneered.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2620 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2621


A Strange Jade Box
“Shut up; be careful. What you said would cause trouble.”
Ying Hun shouted with a low voice. Hei Cha looked at Bai Qi with disdain as he knew that this guy was not a good guy at all.
Inside the Ice Ocean Divine Dragon Palace, a huge door appeared in front of everyone. There were more than ten sword marks above the door, giving them great pressure.
“Divine Dragon Palace?”
The three big words were engraved deeply on the door.
“Don’t know what is appealing hiding behind the Divine Dragon Palace.”
Bai Qi was the one standing the most in front of the others. When he pushed the door lightly, countless dust fell down from it. There were full of sea sedges above the palace while those monster skeletons disappeared in front of the palace slowly.
“Open!”
Bai Qi struck with his palm, which caused great shocks to the Divine Dragon Palace. However, no trace was left on the door despite Bai Qi’s heavy blow. Everyone, including Bai Qi, were shocked as they wondered how those sword marks were left on the door. That must be from a dreadful divine strength.
Although he did not get to leave some marks on the door, Bai Qi still successfully opened it.
Even though a hundred thousand years had passed, the palace still looked grand and resplendent. The inside of the palace was a huge contrast to the situation outside. The floor that was made of jade and golden bricks kept shining like stars. Even the black pillars around were sculptured in detail.
There was a deep well in front of the dragon chair.
There were also some monster skeletons that were still well preserved. However, there was a human skeleton on the white jade dragon chair, with a jade box on its hands.
Bai Qi and the others were stunned and they gazed at the white jade box.
“Boss, what is inside the white jade box?”
Hei Cha squinted his eyes and said with a low voice.
“I don’t know, but I guess it’s a good thing.”
Ying Hun could feel something strange as well. However, Li-shi-shu and the others had not taken any action yet. So, he did not want to be the one who’d take the lead.
Bai Qi’s eyes were glaring as he looked at the box. When he wanted to touch the white jade box. People who stood behind Lishi-shu suddenly said:
“Mr. Feng, I am afraid you shouldn’t take action? We will handle the situation here ourselves. We are very grateful for your help guarding us to this Wind and Thunder Canyon.”
Bai Qi turned around and gave him a glance. He said coldly:
“How are you guys going to be here without me? Without me, you guys can’t do anything. It’s not your turn to say anything when I see something I really want. Feng Xingli, it’s not your Killing Luo Sect’s turn to meddle with my business.”
Bai Qi’s arrogance was fully shown to everyone here now. Perhaps he really thought of owning the treasure alone.
Feng Xingli’s face was filled with killing intent but he was stopped by Lishi-shu immediately.
“Brother Feng, this time spare the treasure to Mr. Bai. I believe Mr. Bai knows what to do.”
“Li Jingdong, you are really a hero who knows what to do.”
Bai Qi said with a cold smile.
“Please, Mr. Bai.” Li Jingdong said.
Although he said so, Li Jingdong obviously did not wish to see Bai Qi take every treasure here. Unfortunately, their current situation was very unfavorable as Bai Qi’s contribution was really too big as he managed to destroy the Transmission Formation.
“Not bad.”
Bai Qi stretched out this hand and wanted to grab the white jade box. Immediately, he was repulsed by a terrifying strength. Bai Qi’s countenance fell but he immediately managed to stabilize himself. He calmed himself down.
“Unexpectedly, it is sealed by a prohibiting curse. It seems like this white jade box is extraordinary.”
Prohibiting curse is the trump card of Dragon Clan. Unless it was an unparalleled treasure, otherwise Dragon Clan would not use a prohibiting curse, since casting a prohibiting curse would consume a lot of their strength.
“What is hiding inside this white jade box?”
Lei Peng and the others became extremely curious about what was inside the box that was worthwhile to be sealed with a  prohibiting curse.
At the moment, Bai Qi started casting different techniques and arts on the white jade square box. They seem like formations. After that, he tried to take up the box again but he was still repulsed.
This time, Bai Qi’s face showed a bit impatience after being repulsed twice by the box. One could imagine the doubt inside his heart. However, he was more confident that there was something really precious inside the white jade box.
“I don’t believe that I couldn’t overcome you.”
Bai Qi did not believe that so he immediately casted another technique to try to overcome the box. However, he still failed to break the curse. Instead, he was injured quite badly by the power of the box.
“Even Bai Qi is unable to overcome the box.”
Hei Cha said.
“Yea, the box seems not that simple.”
Lei Peng said. It sounded like an irony to Bai Qi as he was a Formation Demon of the generation. However, he failed to break a small curse like this. They understood that if Bai Qi was not able to overcome the box, not to mention them. It’s not so easy to break the curse.
“I am going to let you see what true strength looks like.”
Bai Qi thought inside his heart. If he lost his face in front of these guys, he would not have the face continue to conquer the world. He was the number-one Formation Devil in the Qilian Boundary. It’s not a joke. He was also the top in the Lone Dragon County.
Bai Qi continued to set up formation on the box. Finally, he managed to take up the box after four tries after being repulsed again and again. He held the jade box tightly in his hands. The moment the jade box fell into his hand, the human skeleton was crushed completely and turned into some dry bones.
“Humph, now you shall know who is the real lord.”
Bai Qi smiled coldly while he looked down upon Li Jingdong and the others.
At the moment, Jiang Chen also saw the Divine Dragon Palace. His bloodline suddenly boiled as if there was a huge power attracting him into the palace. There might have been countless treasures attracting him as well.
“It’s said that the Dragon Clan is very good at keeping treasures. Not sure if the palace had been ransacked by others.”
Donghuan Zhuoqing said.
“Not bad. Seems like our luck isn’t that bad this time. Since there have been people who opened up the path for us, what shall we be afraid of? Hahaha.”
Long Shaotan said with excitement. They asserted that Heaven Profound Sect and Killing Luo Sect were inside the palace.
“What are we waiting for? Let’s not delay.”
Shen Yingqi and others who were from Shen Ying Sect immediately rushed into the palace.
Jiang Chen followed behind without showing much excitement.
“Why aren’t you anxious? Not worried that the treasures might be grabbed by others?”
Qu Tianshu said and smiled coldly.
“Of course I would like the treasure. But I wouldn’t want to take the risk.”
Jiang Chen said with a smile.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2621 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2622


Skeletons with Vengeful Spirit
Zi Xi looked at Jiang Chen. He thought that Jiang Chen was the calmest person here as he was not blinded by any of the treasures here. He did not seem anxious to get any treasure at all. Instead, he was more like an outsider, observing and analyzing the whole situation calmly. Zi Xi found Jiang Chen’s action very admiring.
Whether  he was just faking it or really was as steady as a mountain, Zi Xi thought Jiang Chen was a good role model. It was extremely difficult to have such peace of mind in a place that was full of treasures. Many people had already lost their initial intention. In the first place, they had all come to the Wind and Thunder Canyon for practice and experience more. However, they only looked for treasures after arriving in Divine Dragon Palace.
Zi Xi’s cultivation realm was the highest among all of them. Moreover, he was the son of the city lord. That was why he did not really care about these normal treasures. It was comparatively easy for him to remain calm and keep his initial goal.
“I find this place strange.”
Zi Xi predicted that this Divine Dragon Palace might not be a safe place. Instead, this place might be an evil cave.
“Then, we’re gonna see what is going to happen next.”
Jiang Chen smiled and shook his head. He did not dare to make a simple judgement. All in all,  there’s nothing wrong in being pessimistic. They had not sensed the dreadfulness of this Wind and Thunder Canyon yet, however, it did not mean that the canyon was a safe place.
“Hope that nothing much will happen.”
Zi Xi did not wish for any accidents to happen as the people here were all the talented disciples of the eight major sects in Qilian Boundary. However, thinking about those disciples who died at the entrance of the canyon made him worry suddenly. More than ten people were killed ruthlessly. What kind of power would be able to kill so many people at the same time?
“Jiang Chen? Where is he?”
Donghuang Zhuoqing suddenly asked because all of the people had already rushed to the front except for Jiang Chen. Some of them had found some broken Divine Tools and even Heavenly Divine Tools, but they were not something really precious.
“He is behind us. I guess he is afraid of death and does not dare to come to the front.”
Qu Tianshu said faintly, mocking Jiang Chen. Actually, she was paying full attention to Jiang Chen all the time. In this journey to Thunder Rush Sea, she definitely would be able to know whether Jiang Chen was truly an expert.
Donghuang Zhuoqing smiled and did not really take Qu Tianshu’s words seriously because he knew Jiang Chen was not that kind of person.
Donghuang Zhuoqing turned his head around to find Jiang Chen. However, his countenance fell immediately when he turned his head around. Everyone was also stunned at this moment. The shattered monster skeletons suddenly all stood up and were staring at them with their empty eyes. It was truly frightening.
“Holy! Is this real? How come these monsters still manage to stay alive after passing away for so long?”
“The Divine Dragon Palace is definitely a graveyard for these monsters. They are all monsters’ skeletons.”
“They are all standing up now. Hurry up! Run!”
“Mother f*cker, I might not even be afraid of them if they were still  alive. Now you are just skeletons, why would I be afraid. Humph, ”
Although they were just skeletons, their numbers were surprisingly substantial. They were all now lining up until the front gate of the Divine Dragon Palace. Hundreds and thousands of skeletons rose up and each of the skeletons were more than a few metres tall. It was a big crisis for the group.
They started taking action with their swords; sword images filled the place. Those below the Divine King Realm could not harm any skeletons at all. Although the monster skeletons looked like those usual skeletons, they were actually extremely solid and hard. Normal weapons or even Heavenly Divine Tools couldn’t smash them.
Donghuang Zhuoqing and the others took steps backwards but they were surrounded by the monster skeletons. They could only withdraw themselves, yet they were still under massive attack.
“Elder, I can’t stand it anymore. These skeletons are too powerful.”
“Neither do I. Elder, help…. Help….”
“These skeletons should not have existed here. Even Divine King experts might not be a match for them.”
“How? I can’t die here. I can’t!”
More than ten of them panicked and only those elders remained comparatively composed. There were fifteen elders in total and the remaining people all stayed together in the middle of the elders. The eight major sects demonstrated unity and harmony at this moment, otherwise they would have died earlier.
Jiang Chen and Zi Xi fell behind the others. However, Zi Xi’s strength was much stronger than the other elders, so he was still quite relaxed in handling these skeletons while protecting Jiang Chen.
“It seems like these skeletons are being provoked. That’s why they rose up so suddenly,” Zi Xi said.
Instead of doing nothing, Jiang Chen took action as well to help Zi Xi overcome some of the skeletons. Jiang Chen’s palm strike was formidable and none of the skeletons were able to escape from his mightiness.
Zi Xi was quite shocked as Jiang Chen’s strength was actually very strong. Despite only being a Late Heavenly God, Jiang Chen was still able to shatter a skeleton with a single palm strike which even a Divine King might not be able to do. Truly extraordinary.
“It’s supposed to be the strength of a vengeful spirit. If I am not wrong, these skeletons might have been covered by an enormous formation. It was not the prohibiting curse of the Dragon Clan but another kind of formation. The purpose of the formation was to accumulate the strength of the vengeful spirits. Once the formation eye is destroyed, they would rise up and launch an attack. It’s extremely difficult to handle these vengeful spirits because they arise as time requires. The formation makes them become even stronger.”
Jiang Chen said in a low voice while his hands never stopped shattering those skeletons.
Zi Xi and Jiang Chen took care of each other during the fight. Although there was a huge gap between their cultivation realm, they made a good match to fight the skeletons. The remaining skeletons targeted Donghuang Zhuoqing, Long Shaitan and the others. They had tried their best to deal with the skeletons but it was quite challenging for them. Although they were able  to shatter the skeletons, they did not have the chance to take a rest while fighting and their safety zone became smaller and smaller.
“If this situation continues, we will be devoured by these skeletons.”
Long Shaotan was very serious and his face looked solemn.
“There’s no other way. These skeletons are already dead and they might only be under someone else’s control. We can’t change the situation.”
Donghuang Zhuoqing said in a low voice. Everyone was trying their best to deal with the skeletons. No one knew who caused such a big mess and how.
Why was there no such attack to those who came in first?
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2622 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2623


They Are Really Here
The place was full of skeletons that looked exactly like demons. Jiang Chen and Zi Xi walked step by step, inching forward while shattering countless skeletons. The whole situation became more and more intense.
Bai Qi held the white jade box tightly, turning around to look behind what was happening. Hundreds and thousands of skeletons crashed into the door of the Divine Dragon Palace and flooded into the palace with oppressive brutal power.
“Are those the skeletons we saw earlier?” Hei Cha said in shock.
“You’re right! Those skeletons have not decayed after hundreds and thousands of years, I guess that their previous  cultivation realms must be higher than the Divine King Realm.”
Ying Hun said in a low voice while looking at more than ten skeletons falling down from the sky. The battle they were facing at this moment was also terrifying.
“Give it your all! These skeletons were not your usual monsters as they might be created by vengeful spirits.” Bai Qi shouted.
Li Jingdong and Feng Xingli looked solemn as the eight of them were surrounded by the skeletons now. They joined hands together to withstand the skeletons’ attacks.
“Why would these old bone monsters suddenly become this terrifying?” Feng Xingli said in shock.
“Not sure. These skeletons are all quite strange. We have no way out at all so we can only fight with our strength.” Li Jingdong said.
“Is it because of the white jade box in Mr Bai’s hand?” Lei Peng said with a deep tone.
Bai Qi was stunned at this moment as he also realized this. When he grabbed the white jade box forcefully, the entire Divine Dragon Palace suddenly became chaotic, and those skeletons started crashing against them.
“It’s possible.”
Bai Qi said in a low voice, however, it was already too late to say so. They had to defeat these skeletons, otherwise, it would be impossible for them to get out of here. However, those skeletons were like the countless fishes in the rivers. Even though each of them was stronger than a Divine King expert, they still found this a bit troublesome. Helplessly, they could only take steps backwards, looking extremely embarrassed.
Donghuang Zhuoying, Long Shaotan, Shen Yingqi and the others all were in a difficult situation, however, they did not have other ways to  handle the situation. They could only destroy as many skeletons as they can. They were in a predicament while their disciples could only help their elders as much as they could. Unfortunately, their help was like trying to extinguish a cartload of firewood on fire with a cup of water.
“Brother Zi, guard me as I am going to try to cast my Five Elemental Trigram Fire Formation and see if it could restrain them.”
Jiang Chen looked at Zi Xi.
“Alright!”
Zi Xi nodeed and helped Jiang Chen chase away those skeletons that ran after Jiang Chen to ensure he had enough space to set up the formation—the Five Elemental Trigram Fire Formation. Jiang Chen believed that it would be effective enough to burn these skeletons with his Five Elemental True Fire.
Zi Xi was glad to have Jiang Chen. He witnessed how Jiang Chen repaired the Teleportation Formation before and Jiang Chen was really admirable. Zi Xi might have doubted if Jiang Chen told him that he wanted to kill all these skeletons with his own strength. However, Jiang Chen chose to use his formation now and Zi Xi believed that Jiang Chen definitely had such confidence to handle it.
Bai Qi also had his own thoughts now about this Divine Dragon Palace.
“Let me try my Great Blast Formation.”
Bai Qi seized the moment and broke through the skeletons’ attack. Setting the Divine Dragon Palace as the foundation, Bai Qi started to set the formation. Those skeletons only knew how to launch attacks blindly instead of stopping Bai Qi from setting the formation.
When the Five Element True Fire formation was finally set up, those skeletons were turned into ashes immediately. Jiang Chen expanded the Five Elemental Trigram Fire Formation into an even larger area. Those skeletons were like moths running into fire and were incinerated completely.
“His formation is indeed quite magical.”
Shen Yingqi heaved a long sigh because the Five Elemental Trigram Fire Formation managed to destroy most of the skeletons. They could finally see  hope.
“This guy has become more and more impressive,” Donghuang Taiji said faintly.
Even though he was unwilling to admit it, Jiang Chen’s strength had indeed made him feel scared. It’s not by chance that Jiang Chen was able to defeat him.
“Your Eastern Emperor Sect seems to have nurtured a talented disciple.”
Long Shaotan said in a deep voice laced with envy and jealousy, but his Nine Dragon Palace was not weak actually. Under the cooperation of  Donghuang Zhuoqing and Long Shaotan, they managed to safeguard all the disciples of the eight major sects. Jiang Chen was filled with irresistible aura, and his Five Elemental Trigram Fire Formation successfully tore all the skeletons apart and turned them into ashes.
On the other hand, Bai Qi’s formation managed to bring out terrifying blades of wind that broke through the void and turned the Divine Dragon Palace into ruins. All the skeletons were smashed.
After the skeletons were all shattered, the Divine Dragon Palace went back to its initial peaceful state.
“Yes. Thanks to Jiang Chen. Even us, the elders, could not be compared to him. His fire formation had killed all the skeletons.”
“Eastern Emperor Sect is indeed a great sect in the Qilian Boundary.”
“So what. It’s only a broken formation. Without the formation, how can you fight with the people here?”
Shen Fanghe and the others looked at Jiang Chen with disdain. At this moment, Jiang Chen and the Eastern Emperor Sect had gained everyone’s admiration. Jiang Chen was like a Buddha who had saved everyone’s life and he became very much admired. This had irritated the people of Shen Ying Sect as they had always gone against Jiang Chen. Right now, they hated Jiang Chen even more even though he had saved their lives. Shen Yingqi knew that Jiang Chen did this not to save others but himself. So, it’s very reasonable for him to spend his utmost effort in the battle just now. That’s why Shen Yingqi felt that it was unnecessary to repay Jiang Chen’s kindness.
Zi Xi admired Jiang Chen very much. Even though he had the lowest cultivation realm amongst everyone in their group, he deserved the most respect. Jiang Chen had been very generous in helping destroy those skeletons and fix the Teleportation Formation without asking for a price.
“Jiang Chen, I am really impressed.”
Zi Xi stared at Jiang Chen. He really valued Jiang Chen and acknowledged his capability. He acknowledged Jiang Chen as if they were from the same social status and ranking.
“I am very grateful for the young city lord’s acknowledgement. Haha”
Jiang Chen laughed and said. Although Zi Xi was formidable and was high ranking, he did not have the arrogance and conceitedness. He had quite a good rapport with Jiang Chen. Even though they did not know each other for a long time, Jiang Chen found him more agreeable than those people from the other sects.
“Li Jingdong! Feng Xingli! It’s really you two!”
Long Shaotan took the lead and came to the front and identified Li Jingdong and Feng Xingli.
Li Jingdong and Feng Xingli were slightly stunned by Long Shaotan’s words. Donghuang Zhuoqing and the others also immediately came into the Divine Dragon Palace.
“They are really here? Heavenly Profound Sect and Killing Luo Sect.”
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2623 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2624


Whoever Responded is the Dog
“Hahaha. It’s our fate to meet here. I never expect that you guys are here at Thunder Rush Sea. My eyes are opened.”
Feng Xingli laughed coldly while his mouth was overflowing with disdain. He gave Bai Qi a glance and a cold snort. Bai Qi had destroyed the Teleportation Formation, yet they are still here.
Bai Qi’s countenance fell and he found it hard to believe. Even a master level of formation would not be able to fix the Teleportation Formation in such a short period of time.
“Impossible, how are you guys able to come here? The Teleportation Formation has been destroyed.” Formation Demon Bai Qi said coldly.
“Formation Demon, you only have such a little trick. Is fixing the Teleportation Formation that difficult for you? With such a little competence, how are you qualified to be called Formation Demon? What a joke. Hehehe.”
Jiang Chen looked at Bai Qi. Bai Qi now knew that it’s this bastard who fixed the Teleportation Formation. But how did Jiang Chen manage to do it with his low cultivation realm?
“Kid, seems like you’re here to court death. Do you really think whoever wants to come to the Thunder Rush Sea can just come by themselves?”
Bai Qi showed his dismissive attitude towards Jiang Chen and he was also very cold to Donghuang Zhuoqing and others.
“You have ignored the promises we made in the past. You even colluded with the Formation Demon and hindered us in coming to this place. Li Jingdong, Feng Xingli, the two of you have conspired behind us.”
Long Shaotan said with a deep voice.
“Unfortunately, your plan failed as we are still here now.’ Donghuang Zhuoqing said calmly.
Things had already progressed to this stage. What was the point of arguing with them? Moreover, they can’t really go against them now at this place. They were the most powerful sects among the ten major sects. It’s undeniable that their strength was very strong. The Formation Demon stood along with them as well right now. They couldn’t simply go against the two sects now.
“Formation Demon, Heavenly Profound and Killing Luo Sect, you guys are really presumptuous. You have ignored the city lord’s will.”
Zi Xi burst into fury. It’s obvious that the two sects colluded with the Formation Demon to destroy the Teleportation Formation in order to ransack the treasures in Thunder Rush Sea. Someone said that an extraordinary treasure would emerge in the Thunder Rush Sea this time. That’s why everyone’s heart was filled with desire and greed.
“Fine, our plan has been unveiled. Alright, since all ten sects are here now, let’s start from zero. Hahaha.”
Feng Xingli laughed loudly. The people of the Heavenly Profound Sect and Killing Luo Sect were still able to remain this calm and confident in front of so many experts. Only the people from these two sects dared to be like this.
“Seems like you are ready to go against the entire Qilin Boundary.”
Zi Xi gazed at Feng Xinli and the others.
“Don’t simply make such judgement. Young city lord, when did you see that I want to be the enemy of the entire Qilian Boundary? We are just here earlier than the others. Who said that using Teleportation Formation is the only way to enter the Thunder Rush Sea? I have never heard so.”
Li Jingdong said.
“Humph. Very eloquent. But I really want to see what you guys are going to do here.”
Zi Xi became speechless after being questioned by Li Jingdong. Indeed, what’s wrong with not using the Teleportation Formation to come to the Thunder Rush Sea.
Jiang Chen looked at this silently. Each of them were the leaders of the ten major sects and very significant figures in Qilian Boundary. The battle did not start yet but had already ended. No matter Eastern Emperor Sect, Shen Ying Sect, or Nine Dragon Palace, none of them would fight the two major sects. Moreover, the young city lord, Zi Xi,  did not have sufficient strength to confront the two major sects yet. This battle became a real struggle of power at the moment.
“Okay. Since the two sects only came here a bit earlier than us, it’s not a big deal actually.”
Shen Yingqi said faintly. Li Jingdong and Feng Xingli were satisfied with him.
“That’s right. Has the Thunder Rush Sea become your personal garden? Hehehe, the agreement among the ten major sects has always been maintained since a long time ago. Coming earlier, so what?”
Shen Fanghe agreed. Except Donghuang Zhuoqing and Long Shaotan, the others also chose to keep silent as the opponents were stronger than them. Even Shen Ying Sect chose to stand by the two sects now. Even if Eastern Emperor Sect and Nine Dragon Sects were strong enough, it was still hard for them to overcome the opponent as they had more number of people.
“Humph. Traitor, don’t forget that you almost missed the chance to come here. If we don’t have Jiang Chen, you might have already been killed by the skeletons.”
Long Xinghua’s eyes glowed. Even if she spoke of the justice, it was still very difficult to persuade those who had no shame.
“You can’t say so. We survive here by our own strength. Why do we have to thank him? Who is he? Hahaha.”
Shen Fanghe’s smile was cunning and his cunning side was fully displayed. Jiang Chen’s kindness was forgotten by them completely.
“This is the difference between humans and dogs. When you fight with the dog, they only fight with their mouth.”
Jiang Chen smiled coldly. A rubbish like Shen Fanghe, he would tear him apart sooner or later. It’s just not the time yet.
“Who do you refer to when you say dog?”
Shen Fanghe glared at Jiang Chen.
“Whoever responded, he is the dog. Do you still need an explanation?” Jiang Chen said calmly.
Shen Fanghe pressed against Jiang Chen again but was stopped by Shen Yingqi.
“We should stay united right now. I believe no one is willing to continue the argument at this moment since our time is limited. If we continue fighting, all of us would gain nothing. Why don’t we join hands to continue our journey? Moreover, we still want to take our time practicing here at the Wind and Thunder Canyon.”
Shen Yingqi smiled and said, being a peacemaker. Since Jiang Chen had indeed saved them before, it was impossible for him to turn against Jiang Chen right now. Otherwise, he would definitely provoke everyone’s anger. Shen Yingqi really wanted to find out why Shen Fanghe was this foolish.
Everyone, including Zi Xi, kept silent because the current situation was exactly like what Shen Yingqi said. Only cooperation could help each of them to get the true treasure. Moreover, the Divine Dragon Palace was definitely a place that was full of surprises. Even Zi Xi wished that he could gain some treasure at the palace.
Donghuang Zhuoqing and Long Shaotan exchanged a glance then they chose to agree in silence. Shen Yingqi’s words might not be beneficial to them, but it’s the only choice they could make.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2624 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2625


Mysterious Spine Bone
When the group started walking towards the deeper parts of the Divine Dragon Palace, the skull of the human skeleton that was placed on the dragon chair suddenly fell down and rolled out to more than ten metres. Everyone looked at the white skull and felt terrified deep in their heart.
“All of the monster skeletons were destroyed. But why does this human skeleton still remain here?”
Jiang Chen frowned. Undeniably, it was something strange and this set of human skeletons must be something unusual.
“What human skeletons, I am going to see what kind of demon you are.”
Bai Qi held his fist tightly and struck the skull. The skull unexpectedly still remained in perfectly good condition and everyone was shocked.
Jiang Chen suddenly had an idea. He looked at the spine behind the human skeleton which carried an unknown sense of attraction. He shivered for a second then he casted out his spiritual strength, trying to reveal the original form of the spine. However, it was not successful. Instead, a dreadful spiritual strength spurted out like spring and pushed him to take a step backward. He looked pale now.
“What happened to you?”
Zi Xi asked in a deep voice as he saw Jiang Chen’s face. He started being cautious.
Jiang Chen shook his head and started at the spine bone because it was the source of the strength. After he triggered it, everyone noticed the terrifying strength coming out from it now.
“That spine is extraordinary.”
“Grab it at the cost of your life!”
“Haha, it’s in the human skeleton where the real essence hides. It’s the spine bone…”
Everyone was like waking up from a dream and got ready to grab the spine bone. However, Jiang Chen had already taken action and stepped out with his  Great Void Technique. Bai Qi was a step slower as the spine bone was already grabbed tightly by Jiang Chen’s hand. Jiang Chen was even startled by the enormous power released from the spine bone. It was really extraordinary.
Donghuang Zhuoqing, Shen Yingqi, Long Shaotan, Li Jingdong and Feng Xingli unfortunately came back without anything.
“You are not supposed to have that. Hand it out and I will spare your life.”
Li Jingdong said and stared at the spine bone on Jiang Chen’s hand.
“Kid, greed will bring you misfortune, don’t you know about this? If you want to possess the spine bone, you have to ensure you have the capability first.”
Feng Xingli smiled coldly.
“You are not qualified to have it. If you hand it out now, you will save yourself. Otherwise, you know that your end would be dying without a proper burial place. You are quite strong, but you’re still too weak compared with these elders. You have helped us enter the Thunder Rush Sea and we are grateful for your help. However, you are not qualified to have that thing.”
Shen Yingqi said as if he was giving kind advice.
“Don’t worry. It’s not impossible for you to get this. Kill me and you would get it.”
Jiang Chen was dismissive.
“You’re courting death.”
Shen Yingqi continued.
“Who can blame what would happen as you are too stubborn. Your time to die is now!”
Feng Xingli stepped on the void and his dreadful battle strength of Divine King Realm pressed against Jiang Chen.
Jiang Chen could feel that he was being targeted by a dreadful Divine King expert now.
“If you want to touch my disciple, don’t you need to ask me first?”
Donghuang Zhuoqing said calmly and made a palm strike that was as powerful as Feng Xingli’s.
“Donghuang Zhuoqing, do you really want to be Killing Luo Sect’s enemy?”
Feng Xingli looked at Donghuang Zhuoqing in an arrogant way.
“It’s the elder’s duty to protect the disciple’s safety.”
Donghuang Zhuoqing’s words somehow moved Jiang Chen. Not to mention Donghuang Zhuoqing’s character and his capability, his insistence of protecting his disciples had warmed Jiang Chen’s heart.
“Let’s see how many more strikes you could make!”
Li Jingdong kicked in all directions with his legs and shook the entire place. His attacks made Jiang Chen withdraw himself.
Long Shaotan casted a palm strike that draw Li Jingdong back. However, he was also affected by the collision and took a few steps backwards, standing together with Donghuang Zhuoqing.
Li Jingdong gritted his teeth and said, “Even the Nine Dragon Palace stands together with Eastern Emperor Sect now.”
“I’m not representing the entire Nine Dragon Palace, only myself. Jiang Chen has once saved my life. How can I do nothing when he is in danger? Haha.”
Long Shaotan was not afraid of anything. What he said had also made those who were saved by Jiang Chen before ashamed.
“Jingnan!”
“Xingzhen!”
Li Jingdong and Feng Xingli turned around to have a look at the same time. Another two elders of Heavenly Profound Sect and Killing Luo Sect did not hesitate to take action too.
“Li Jingnan is here!”
“Feng Xingzhen is here!”
The two of them were also the pillars of the two great sects. They then took action together to kill Jiang Chen in order to get the spine bone.
Zi Xi came to deal with the two elders together with his thunderous skill of attack. Unexpectedly, he managed to repulse the two Divine King experts. It was really astonishing.
“Zi Xi is here, who dares to make a mess? Heavenly Profound Sect and Killing Luo Sect, if you dare to touch Jiang Chen again, you disrespect me as the city lord. I will pay a visit to your sect and settle the debt in the future.”
Everyone was dumbstruck by Zi Xi’s imposing manner. At the moment, Li Jingdong and Feng Xingli fell into silence. Zi Xi’s interference had made them quite embarrassed. With the title of the city lord, he challenged the two sects. The current situation made them consider how the power of influence in Qilian Boundary would be after they came out from the Thunder Rush Sea. The mightiness of the Reverend of Nine Boundary was not a joke. He was the idol whom the people of the entire Qilian Boundary worshipped. Who would dare to go against the Reverend of Nine Boundary?
Jiang Chen smiled. Heavenly Profound Sect and Killing Luo Sect, so what? Being the first and second great sects, so what?
When he was going to keep the spine bone, he was repulsed by a dreadful attack. Luckily, he was prepared and did not get injured. He just looked slightly embarrassed.
Jiang Chen wiped away the blood at the corner of his mouth while his eyes were filled with killing intent. If he acted slightly slower just now, he would have been killed.
Everyone held their breath and looked at the blue-clothed young man who just came in all of a sudden. His white pupils gave off some kind of monstrous glance and stared at Jiang Chen.
“Give it to me.”
“What if I don’t?”
Jiang Chen did not care about the blue-clothed young man at all. However, his arrival had caused a stir.
“Then you will die.”
The blue-clothed young man said faintly. He suddenly moved towards Jiang Chen in a second and it was even faster than Jiang Chen’s Great Void Technique. His palm strike was like lightning crashing against Jiang Chen’s palm. Jiang Chen was repulsed backwards and he seemed to be struggling.
“What a terrifying guy! I am afraid I can’t even reach his speed.”
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2625 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2626


Dou Ling
“Not bad, to not die after receiving a single palm of mine at the Late Heavenly God Realm, you’re pretty good.” The blue-robed youth said, slightly interested in Jiang Chen.
Zi Xi was pretty shocked as he couldn’t gauge this Mid Divine King’s power, he must be pretty exceptional.
Jiang Chen felt threatened. This fella was a Mid Divine King, a foe that was capable of making Zi Xi and Bai Qi to be serious. He barely took on that palm strike by unleashing the Dragon Transformation.
“Who are you?” Jiang Chen said.
The fella was mysterious, they were not able to determine who and where does he hail from.
“All of you low-born clans do not have the right to know of my existence.” The blue-robed youth was arrogant as he took a step forward with lightning and thunder following him.
“This fella’s cockiness is off the roof.” Donghuang Taiji’s eyes became cold as he glanced at Murong Yun’er, Long Xinghua and the others. He then pounced upon the youth with the two other Nine Dragon Palace’s experts.
“Halt!” Jiang Chen shouted.
However, he was too late and the group were pushed back instantly.
The two experts from the Nine Dragon Palace died instantly. Meanwhile, Long Xinghua was seriously injured, and Donghuang Taiji and Murong Yun’er was just a step away from dying!
“Damn!”
Jiang Chen flicked his fingers and three Spirit Severing Life Prolonging Pills went into each of their respective mouths. They recovered some of their strength after taking those pills as it was an Immortal Grade Pill.
“Not bad, Immortal Grade Pills, giving out to others like it’s candy, you’re pretty generous.” The youth said.
The others only realised after hearing the blue-robed youth’s words. Jiang Chen gave out three Immortal Grade Pills with a flick his finger, such an attitude… Donghuang Taiji couldn’t help but respect him.
“Thanks.” Long Xinghua looked at Jiang Chen with gratitude.
“Scram!”
The youth launched another punch, aiming at  Jiang Chen. The latter retreated with a solemn expression.
“True Dragon Palm!”
Jiang Chen once again took on the youth’s strike but was pushed back fiercely. Although he could face him, he knew that this wasn’t the time for him to risk his life.
“You’re able to take on two of my strikes, let’s see whether you can take my third strike! Profound Formation Thunderbolt Palm.”
Thunderbolt flashed with the palm strike. Qu Tianshu’s pupil squinted as she rushed in front of Jiang Chen swiftly, and fought the youth with a jade-white folding fan. The youth was knocked back by the force.
“The great Profound Formation Thunderbolt Palm! What brings you guys here, is this small Thunder Rush Sea worthy of the time of the Battle God Clan?” Qu Tianshu said.
Although it looked like nobody won in that clash, she suffered some injuries, that youth was truly powerful.
“Battle God Clan?”
Jiang Chen’s heart thumped. That Dou Hongming is also a man of the Battle God Clan, could this person be coming for me?
“To think there’s one that knows their stuff, hand it over. I do not wish to kill innocents, my hands will get dirty if I kill off trash. Only experts are worthy to die by my hands. I’m Dou Ling from the Battle God Clan! Who are you? You’re able to see through the secrets of my Profound Formation Thunderbolt Palm, you must not be simple.” Dou Ling smiled. Yet, that smile looked like a smile from the devil in the eyes of others.
“Nameless grunt.” Qu Tianshu said.
“Battle God Clan? That clan?”
Li Jingdong and Feng Xingli looked at each other and gasped. They too knew about the existence of the Battle God Clan as they hail from one of the two greatest sects of the Qilian Region.
Donghuang Zuoqing and Long Shaotan were shocked too. The Battle God Clan was an ancient clan that rarely meddles in the trifles of the ‘common people’. It’s their disdain towards the lower class, according to them. The Battle God Clan was on-par with the God Luo Clan. The resources of such an ancient clan rivals even a whole region.
“I’ll give it to you.”
Jiang Chen saw Li Jingdong and the others’ eyes of greed, followed by the shock towards the youth. He knew that the fella was extraordinary. Therefore, there was no need for him to put up a fight for the spine with Dou Ling as it was a great risk, and he’s also a big target. He wanted to get rid of this target.
Moreover, the others would surely not give it up. This was the main point, have the others fight for it and reap the reward afterwards.
Dou ling too was pretty interested in the spine. Jiang Chen would then take this opportunity to give it to him and he’ll become the target of everyone.
“Not bad, you’re an understanding man, you should’ve done it earlier.” Dou Ling took the bone and smirked.
“However, I do not plan to let all of you despicable fellas go, especially since you guys tried to take my ancestor’s belongings, I may perhaps kill you off swiftly if you hand me over the jade box.”
Dou Ling looked at Bai Qi. A spark of conflict was bound to happen.
“Trying to get my jade box? Keep dreaming!” Bai Qi harrumphed, he’s not ‘meek’ like Jiang Chen.
“Since you’re dead set on dying, I’ll fulfill your wish.” Dou Ling said calmly and he then closed in towards Bai Qi.
Both of them went into a terrifying melee. Bai Qi who was hailed as the Qilian Region’s dreaded Formation Demon shouldn’t be weak. But he was pushed back as he was at the Mid Divine King Realm.
Bai Qi’s expression became pale after they clashed for a dozen exchanges.
“Fellas, when are you going to join in? This fella is arrogant and he’ll certainly kill us all, now is your only chance, you guys won’t live long if I die. Li Jingdong, Feng Xingli what are you guys spacing out for?”
Jiang Chen smirked as he watched Bai Qi getting beaten back.
Li Jingdong and Feng Xingli will be put in a bad situation if Bai Qi loses. Plus, they wouldn’t allow the youth to get his hands on such a great treasure. Battle God Clan, so what? Nobody will know if they kill him down here. Plus, he wasn’t planning on letting anyone go.
“Mr. Bai, we’ll assist you, haha.”
The duo and the four elders rushed towards Dou Ling!
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2626 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2627


One Would Get Agitated When Their Nemesis Appears
Li Jingdong, Li Jingnan, Feng Xingli, and Feng Xingzhen, four Mid Divine King experts, closed in on Dou Ling. The five of them instantly pushed him back, causing Dou Ling to somewhat take things a bit serious now.
“Great, let’s see whether there’s any true experts in this place.” Dou Ling smiled arrogantly as he rushed forward with vigour.
“Let’s quickly go into the deeper part of the place and search for treasures.” Hei Cha said quietly.
“You’re right.”
Li Peng looked at the scene where the elders were fighting Dou Ling. The fight will not conclude any time soon even if the five of them combined their strength.
“We’re wasting our time here, let’s quickly go in and search for treasures.” Yin Hun said.
The trio looked at each other and swiftly moved in deeper.
Qu Tianshu saw the trio’s movement. The other on-lookers were like ‘this got nothing to do with me’ and followed them. The trio entered the deeper part of the place and was getting ready to battle.
“Haha, this place is rowdy, looks like the Thunder Rush Sea will be bountiful, since even the Battle God Clan has joined in.” A violent ear-piercing laugh resounded.
A gallant eagle flew in and changed into a human after landing. He was slender with a tall nose, his eyes were deep like stars in the sky, emitting a thick aura of a demon and the feathers around him were sharp.
“Little boy from Battle God Clan, I’ll perhaps lend you a hand and destroy these grunts for you if you hand me the spine, what do you think?”
“Keep dreaming!” Dou Ling looked at the eagle in disdain.
“Looks like it’s not just the ten great sects who are eyeing on the Thunder Rush Sea, there are also others hiding in the shadows.” Jiang Chen said.
“This fella is probably the number one expert of the Thunder Rush Sea, Ying Chen. It is said that he’s already at the Late Divine King Realm, possessing a shred of the Heavenly Roc bloodline, he’s extremely fast, faster than your average Late Divine Kings.” Zi Xi said.
“It’s Ying Chen!” Donghuang Zhuoqing said.
Long Shaotan’e eyes became cold. He almost died to Ying Chen in the past, he would’ve died if it wasn’t for Zhuoqing.
“Him, again.” Long Shaotan took a step forward with solemn eyes.
He will never let go of this opportunity. It must be the working of fate as he barely got away with his life and now they meet again in this Thunder Rush Sea.
Donghuang Zhuoqing pressed on Long Shaotan’s shoulder, tightly. He could feel Shaotan’s anger.
“Brother Long, don’t be reckless.”
Long Shaotan smiled bitterly, his expression was somewhat miserable.
“Xiao Yu, the murderer who killed you had appeared before me now, yet I can only watch him. I cannot accept this, I cannot!” Long Shaotan was emotional.
His beloved woman died in the hands of Ying Chen. Thinking back on that scene, it was truly heart-quenching. Although he managed to live, the torment on his heart for all these years was insufferable. There was always a voice within his heart, telling him: you must never forget this vengeance.
“An eagle dares to claim himself to be an expert? This is hilarious.”  Dou Ling sneered disdainfully towards Ying Chen.
“Then, I’ll watch you struggle and die facing against those bunch of guys.” Ying Chen sneered and stood on the side-line, watching the ‘show’ where Dou Ling fought against five great experts.
However, there was a reason where Dou Ling was this arrogant as they couldn’t pin him down even with the five of them. As a matter of fact, they fell into Dou Ling’s trap as the steps he took were techniques for formation placement. When the formation was formed, the five experts became his puppet to be toyed with.
“A bunch of insects, what can they do against me? Haha.” Dou Ling said arrogantly.
Dou Ling single-handedly fought the five within the formation, suppressing them all and they could only defend passively. Not even Bai Qi was able to see through the formation that was placed by Dou Ling. Although Bai Qi still looked calm, he too may not be able to get out of that.
“Brother Zi, assist the elders of the two great sects, we’ll probably get affected if those guys lose.” Jiang Chen said.
Zi Xi paused for a while and nodded. Jiang Chen’s right, Dou Ling will not let us go if they lose. Plus, their combat strengths are on-par against each other, it’ll be hard to decide who’s going to win.
Dou Ling’s expression became serious the moment Zi Xi moved. After all, Zi Xi was a Late Divine King, someone not to be trifled with and one must act cautiously against him.
Zi Xi wielded a silver spear with bright red tassel. Dou Ling’s formation trembled when Zi Xi pierced with his spear. The five of them were motivated once again after Zi Xi assisted them. Dou Ling was not pushed back after Zi Xi joined in the fray.
“Hahaha, now what? Battle God Clan, bah. From my perspective, the Battle God Clan of today is but a bunch of useless fools, it couldn’t be compared with the glory of the ancient Battle God Clan.” Ying Chen shook his head as he gave out sarcasm after one another.
“Damned eagle, you’ll be the first to die after I’m done with them!”
Dou Ling turned around, a large hole was then created on his blue robe by Zi Xi.
“Ying Chen, take this!”
Finally, Long Shaotan couldn’t hold back his anger anymore and rushed towards Ying Chen. At that moment, Donghuang Zhuoqing sighed a little. Looks like Long Shaotan is blinded by his vengeance.
“You dare provoke me? Die.”
Ying Chen roared as he instantly pushed Long Shaotan back.
“I wonder who it is butit’s just one of the few grunts that escaped me before. Hehe, truly disappointing.” Ying Chen sneered.
“Bastard! I’ll use your blood to pay tribute to Xiao Yu. Blood for blood!”
Ying Chen once again attacked but his abilities couldn’t allow him to face a Late Divine King, he was pushed back after two exchanges.
“The deep love between man and woman, possessing a chivalrous mind and a tender heart.”
Jiang Chen silently looked at Long Shaotan. He knew that Shaotan was an emotional guy, he hates the evil and praises the good. Such a man should die on the battlefield and not die in a silent grave.
However, Donghuang Zhuoqing will never allow Ying Chen to kill Long Shaotan. Zhuoqing acted and so did the other elders from the eight great sects.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2627 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2628


Chapter 2628
Greed and Avarice
“Quickly, go and search for treasures, leave this to us.”
“Remember, you must not dishonor our Scorpio Sect.”
“My Twilight Cloud Sect does not raise useless fools. Since you guys managed to become the prodigies of the sect, I believe you guys know what’s happening now. Leave this place to me.”
The sect elders pushed their disciples aways and stayed back. A dozen elders faced Ying Chen together. They were not helping Long Shaotan but themselves.
“Bunch of crazy fools, I did not seek trouble, but you guys still came for me. I’ll kill you all, turn you all into corpses that’ll become a part of the Thunder Rush Sea.”
Ying Chen roared as he faced his enemies with vigour. The ten plus Divine King experts of the top ten sects could not pin him down with their cumulative strength.
“I shall take my vengeance today!” Long Shaotan’s said with blood-shot eyes blinded by vengeance.
He had gone past his capabilities, fighting with his life on the line, not fearing death, all for the sake of his glory.
Jiang Chen looked at Long Xinghua and the others, and said:
“It’s pointless for us to stay here. At least we’re not losing now, so let’s see what’s inside.”
The other three agreed and quickly followed the team in front of them and entered the deeper parts of the palace.
“I sense a gigantic energy up ahead.” Hei Sha squinted his eyes and smiled brightly.
“I too feel it. It could be the treasure vault of the Ice Sea Divine Dragon Palace.” Li Peng added.
“How can we return empty handed after entering a treasure trove?” Yin Hun finally smiled.
The trio rushed forwards for several thousand meters.
In the depths of the palace, stones were shattered and a giant vault appeared before their eyes, and countless Divine Origin Stones were lying on the ground.
Countless ingredients and materials were lying around, some had wilted but some were still shining brightly. Some plants were even growing, slowly but surely. The corals of the deep-sea, the Immortal Seaweed that could cure poisons. Spiritual items laid bare in this treasure vault, shining with all their glory.
Countless divine weapons, countless variation, numerous Divine Tools, Heavenly Divine Tools, some lost its brilliance but there were some that were still shining brightly.
Countless fragrant medicinal pills, Supreme Grades, Immortal Grades, it was truly salivating.
The trio were instantly dumbfounded. Such a great treasure vault, it’s possibly even greater than their sect’s vault combined.
Shock, shocking, there’s nothing else other than shock!
“This… this…. This! This is truly the treasure of the Dragon Clan!”
“It’s my first time seeing so many treasures in my life. I’m rich! Hahaha! I’m rich!”
“All of these, it’s ours, haha.”
“I want that Heavenly Divine Tool, Battle Armour. I want that!”
“This bottle of Immortal Grade Pills is mine.”
Jiang Chen and several dozen others entered the place after the trio. Even Jiang Chen was shocked after seeing the treasures, even though he himself possesses quite a number of treasures. Yet, they really couldn’t be compared against his treasures.
“This really tests a person’s determination.” Jiang Chen couldn’t help but sigh.
Greed and desire was also burning within his heart.
Jiang Chen quickly shook his head hard and found out that he was almost charmed by these treasures and got swallowed by it. These treasures were like a giant mirror, sucking in the others, swallowing them, and in the end making them join the pile of treasures, lying here in this place forever.
Jiang Chen couldn’t help but tremble from the thought of it. It was scary, it’s formless; it’s much scarier than formation techniques.
Jiang Chen identified that this wasn’t an illusion but something much scarier. The greed and avarice would suck a person’s soul into it and become a slave of greed for the rest of his life until he became a pile of white bones.
They could only see the endless treasures and couldn’t see the countless white bones around them. Jiang Chen couldn’t help but tremble from this sight, he too would’ve lost himself if it wasn’t for his powerful soul energy.
He looked at the people surrounding him, greed was written all over their faces, wanting to bag in all of those treasures for themselves. They were thoroughly dominated by these treasures, but who could ignore such a temptation?
To face a thing that was and wasn’t a formation, an illusion but not, Jiang Chen couldn’t help but feel shock. There were certainly a lot of treasures but not many of them were great. Most importantly, those skeletons serve as a warning to those treasures that those stuff were not easy to be taken.
“Let’s collect the Divine Origin Stones and Heavenly Divine Tools first.”
Jiang Chen collected millions of Divine Origin Stones into his inventory and a dozen or so Heavenly Divine Tools, most of them were damaged to a different degree. However, he believed that he could repair them. He also got a conch, an Origin Divine Tool. Plus, he took some of the best materials and ingredients that were lying around, throwing away those that were damaged.
After Jiang Chen rummaged through the treasures for a while, something unexpected happened. Donghuang Taiji was the first to wake up from the illusion of avarice.
Donghuang Taiji looked at Jiang Chen and felt that he’s okay, he felt shocked that Jiang Chen was able to walk out from the engulfing illusion of greed earlier than him.
“This is not an illusion but something greater than that. Because, everyone’s greed is different, however, when there’s wants, there will be greed and one’s soul will get sucked in.” Jiang Chen said.
“I only have the path of martial arts in my heart. I, Donghuang Taiji, will become the strongest expert in the history of the Eastern Emperor Sect, and reach the Dao of Divine Martial!” Donghuang Taiji said with a fierce and sharp eyes, he then once again looked at the treasures and there were no changes in his heart!
Suddenly, Donghuang Taiji’s body shook, his qi became smooth and he felt that a terrifying energy was bursting from his body. He knew that he had reached the Divine King Realm!
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2628 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2629


Heavenly Qiu Niu
“Congratulations, Brother Tiaji. You’ve reached the Divine King Realm.” Jiang Chen said with a smile.
“How can this be? Why is there no lightning tribulation?” Donghuang Taiji looked up and murmured.
“It must be due to the Ice Sea Divine Dragon Palace, it’s able to conceal you from the Heavenly Lightning. Therefore, it did not appear.” Jiang Chen explained.
“So, that’s why.”
Donghuang Taiji looked at Jiang Chen, not with grateful eyes but with a pair of fiery eyes that burned with battle intent.
“Haha, your enemy now is not me, let’s duke it out after we get out, I’ll surely satisfy you.” Jiang Chen helplessly shook his head. This Donghuang Taiji is truly a man obsessed with cultivation, only thinking about the Dao of Divine Martial, to battle, that is his only Dao.
“Promise.”
When Donghuang Taiji turned around, he found that Murong Yun’er was also trapped in it.
“Wake up!” Donghuang Taiji grabbed on Yun’er’s shoulder and roared.
However, his roar woke everyone up, and the eight of them fell towards the ground. At this moment, Jiang Chen finally understood that their souls were swallowed by the treasures.
“How can this be? Taiji?” Murong Yun’er grabbed Taiji’s arm tightly and said.
“It’s alright.” Donghuang Taiji’s tender side gave off a warm feeling.
Shenfang He’s body trembled as he woke up from his dream and looked at his surroundings in shock. Some of them fell without a cause, some were wearing a face of terror. Now, only less than ten of them were left and the treasures were still there. However, nobody dared to touch it anymore as the fear stuck to their hearts.
Hei Cha was sweating profusely. He could’ve been utterly swallowed if it wasn’t for Donghuang Taiji’s roar. Therefore, he had become cautious.
Yin Hun and Li Peng were also the same. The treasures in front of them weren’t treasures but a bottomless pit.
“We’ve just narrowly escaped death.”
Li Peng’s heartbeat was fast. The souls of the eight guys were swallowed, leaving only their bodies behind, becoming a part of that white bone.
“How did this happen?”
“Terrifying. These guys fell onto these treasures, even in death, they want to die in the treasures embrace?”
“I think I’ve just gone through a cycle of samsara.”
Everyone’s faces were covered with sweat. Only Donghuang Taiji and Jiang Chen were calm. However, even after they’ve awoken, their eyes were still glued towards the treasures in front of them.
“We shouldn’t come here for nothing. Hahaha.”
Somebody rushed forward and started collecting the treasures again.
Shenfang He did not hold back and started to collect the treasures.
The others started to look for treasures too. Jiang Chen took a step forward and blocked Shenfang He.
“What are you trying to do?” Shenfang He glared at Jiang Chen and said.
“You should know better than me.” Jiang Chen said.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about, I don’t wanna squabble with you. If you’re unfazed with these treasures in front of us, please, don’t disturb me.” Shenfang He was angry, he did not want to fight with  Jiang Chen now.
He only wanted to put all of these treasures into his own pocket.
“Really? Let me see whether you have what it takes, aren’t the Shen Ying Sect powerful? Did you not hate me? What a coincidence, I do not like you too.”
Jiang Chen stepped at the Divine Tool that was placed in front of Shenfang He as he challenged the latter.
“Don’t think that I’m afraid to touch you. You wouldn’t have defeated me if you were not lucky. Clueless fool, I will kill you today.”
Shenfang He rushed towards Jiang Chen. The latter remained unfazed, wearing a smile on his face. Jiang Chen only moved when Shenfang He almost reached him.
Jiang Chen pounded on Shenfang He’s chest, fist after fist. Shenfang He wanted to back off but couldn’t evade it. As one punch after another landed on his body, he couldn’t defend himself as he became Jiang Chen’s tool to vent.
Shenfang He’s divine protection wasn’t able to protect himself from Jiang Chen’s fist as he got flattened. At this moment, Hei Cha and the others looked at Jiang Chen with an interested gaze.
“Such a violent fella.”
“It’s refreshing, hearing it from you.” Li Peng said.
Hei Cha was also a violent guy comparable to Jiang  Chen. He too was one that would thoroughly kill a person without holding back.
Everyone looked at Jiang Chen, feeling impressed.  Shenfang He couldn’t believe that he got punched to death even right before he died.
“A scum like him should die.”
Li Peng couldn’t help but look at him another time after hearing what he said. This fella is really in the lime-light of all things, he did not show any fear during the elder’s battle. Plus, he’s able to kill a Half-Step Divine King with just his fist, he’s worthy of me facing him seriously.
Hei Cha sneered with disdain towards Jiang Chen. Jiang Chen only killed a Half-Step Divine King, it’s totally different from killing a Divine King.
Jiang Chen glanced at Shenfang He, he killed him for the sake of peace. There’s nothing to lose for him now that he’s dead.
“It is forbidden for sect disciples to kill one another, aren’t you afraid of inciting a war between sects?” Hei Cha looked at Jiang Chen coldly.
“I, Jiang Chen, do not need to explain to others how I do things.”
The others were impressed by Jiang Chen’s arrogance. Yet Hei Cha viewed that arrogance in disdain.
“Looks like he’s a stubborn fella.” Yin Hun said indifferently and did not join in the fray.
Shenfang He’s death was without value. Nobody cared.
Now, there were only Jiang Chen, Donghuang taiji, Murong Yun’er, Long Xinghua, the trio and Wei Changqing from the Twilight Cloud Sect and Xie Gui from the Scorpio Sect. All of them were Divine Kings except for Jiang Chen and Murong Yun’er. However, it’s obvious that Yin Hun’s group was stronger.
Jiang Chen discovered a sheepskin ancient scroll in a corner of the treasure trove. He felt something familiar about it. When he took it up, he found that it’s a map.
“Rushing Thunder Chart!”
Another part of the Rushing Thunder Chart. Now, he has two Rushing Thunder Chart, but he did not know what secret it has.
Until now, the greatest reward he got was this Rushing Thunder Chart. Although he did not know the value of this chart, he believed that it’s something great once he got all the parts.  He kept the scroll away and nobody noticed.
Then, when Jiang Chen turned back, he found a tombstone with the words on top of it: Heavenly Qiu Niu!
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2629 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2630


Meeting the Dragon Ball Once Again
“Qiu Niu, could this Ice Sea Divine Dragon Palace be the Divine Palace of Qiu Niu?”
Jiang Chen’s eyes shone brightly. Qiu Niu must’ve died here if this is his Divine Palace, otherwise, he wouldn’t have ignored all these treasures and left them here, but where is Qiu Niu?
Qiu Niu was an ancient ferocious beast, one of the nine sons of the dragon. Ya Zi, Suan Ni, Qiu Niu, Tao Tie and etc were all ancient divine beasts. Qiu Niu was as terrifying as the Tao Tie. Therefore, Jiang Chen was being careful towards this Qiu Niu as he had already experienced the terror of the Tao Tie first hand.
He concluded that this Qiu Niu must’ve died here.
The words on the tombstone had become blurry. But Jiang Chen’s eyes were sharp as he was able to decipher the words on the tombstone as if it was written yesterday.
Ancient ferocious beast… if it’s really the palace of Qiu Niu, then, the rewards must be massive. Jiang Chen was thinking about the dragon ball within Qiu Niu.
There were nine holes in the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda and one dragon ball was stuck into it. Jiang Chen believed that the remaining eight holes were for the eight dragon balls, then, the pagoda would certainly become much more powerful.
The terrifying energy of the dragon ball… the dragon ball was formed by the energy of the ancient ferocious beast. The Dragon Clan regards the dragon ball as a peerless treasure, countless people would chase upon it everytime it appeared in the world.
Jiang Chen thought about the Origin Divine Tool, the conch. He suspected that this must be Qiu Niu’s palace as Qiu Niu was temperate and powerful, it does not like to contest. Its hobby was music, to collect a Origin Divine Tool as a conch, it’s probably only Qiu Niu that would do it.
After the group collected a massive amount of treasures, a shinier object was in front of them.
Jiang Chen noticed it earlier than anyone, it looks like a dragon ball!
He and Li Peng raced towards the prize without holding back, Jiang Chen used the Great Void Technique several times, gaining a massive distance and grabbed the shining dragon ball.
“It’s really a dragon ball.”
He recognised the dragon ball, it’s the same as the one he had previously. Especially after he held the dragon ball, he felt the boundless energy that was coming from it. I bet even a Hierarch expert would be in awe with such a treasure…
“Good lad, you’re pretty fast, hand it over.” Li Peng said.
“Why should I hand over what’s mine?” Jiang Chen smiled.
He will never hand it over since he got his hands on it. Plus, he’s confident that nobody here could do anything against him.
“You’re playing with fire.” Li Peng looked at Jiang Chen coldly.
“Come and get it if you want it.” Jiang Chen looked down on everyone.
“Boy, I hadn’t liked you since I first saw you. You dare speak with such confidence even though you took what is ours?! Hehe, this Lord Hei will have to show you how to act in public.” Hei Cha was already rushing towards Jiang Chen. This fella has been showing off and he dared to take what’s his.
“Yours? Come and try taking it from me.”
Jiang Chen grabbed the dragon ball tightly as he faced Hei Cha’s without fear. Both of them clashed with each other, none of them losing against the other, Jiang Chen who was a Late Heavenly God and Hei Cha, who was an Early Divine King.
“Such a powerful fella, no wonder he’s so confident.” Li Peng said indifferently.
Jiang Chen and Hei Cha clashed without holding back. Hei Cha finally experienced the might of a true expert. Jiang Chen hasn’t used his Dragon Transformation yet.
“Three Thousand Rakshasa Palm!”
Hei Cha unleashed his technique and wind torrents were created from his palm. Divine Origin Energy was flowing out like a waterfall. Jiang Chen was unfazed by it and launched his Five Elements Combat Dragon Seal, and both of them were pushed back from the force. Hei Cha’s expression became gloomy.
“Little bastard, I refuse to believe that this Lord Hei cannot do anything against you.”
Hei Cha took out his ghostly pitchfork, emitting a terrifying aura.
“Boy! Eat my fork!”
Hei Cha’s arsenal was a Heavenly Divine Tool, Jiang Chen was pushed back by his unstoppable attack.
Jiang Chen sneered as he wielded his Heavenly Dragon Sword and let out a peerless dragon roar and dragon prestige. The might of his blade was much more powerful than the pitchfork.
The clash between the blade and fork, ice and fire. Jiang Chen roared as he pushed Hei Cha back using the Dragon Transformation. In addition to the Heavenly Dragon Sword, he was unstoppable and was getting fiercer by the second.
Finally, Hei Cha was beaten back and Yin Hun couldn’t sit back anymore.
“Big Brother, why aren’t you doing anything?!”
Yin Hun had already joined in before Hei Cha finished his sentence. A silver blade clashed upon Jiang Chen’s blade and both of them were pushed back from the force.
“Lad, you’re pretty strong, but it’s a pity that you’re going to die here today.” Yin Hun said as he caressed his silver blade, a Divine Heavenly Tool that has taken many lives.
“You’re not the first one who said that to me, but those men are now sleeping eternally.”
Jiang Chen and Yin Hun looked at each other and their aura clashed violently. His prestige did not wane even though he’s facing two opponents.
“Killing Luo Sect, hmph. You really think that our Eastern Emperor Sect has no one capable?” Donghuang Taiji harrumphed as he stepped forward.
Although he lost to Jiang Chen and viewed him as his rival, he will not just stand on the side now that there’s an enemy in front of them.
“Thanks.” Jiang Chen said with a smile.
“Eastern Emperor Sect? Hehe, interesting, looks like you’ve just reached the Divine King Realm, a Divine King rookie dares to face me?” Yin Hun looked at Taiji in disdain.
Donghuang Taiji wasn’t at his level.
“I’ll leave him to you, Hei Cha.”
“Alright! I can’t defeat that guy, but I should be able to win against you. Haha.”
Hei Cha and Taiji went into a melee and Hei Cha was on fire as he unleashed the anger he suffered while facing Jiang Chen.
“Come, you don’t have many chances.”
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2630 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2631


Gate of Warrior
Yin Hun looked at Jiang Chen but Jiang Chen did not even spare him any mercy. Jiang Chen who was in his dragon transformation state was holding the Heavenly Dragon Sword and was going to fight with Yin Hun. Even though Yin Hun’s cultivation realm was high, he actually posed no threat to Jiang Chen.
“Blades of Silver Light!”
Nine blades of light broke through the void while Jiang Chen’s sword shadow was flashing. His Sword of Solitude swept across the place and was not inferior at all.
“Sword shattering the void and heaven!”
Two of them were both sent flying backwards by the collision, but Yin Huan looked more embarrassed in the situation. With his Late Heavenly God Realm, Jiang Chen had made the talented disciple of Killing Luo Sect this nervous. Yin Hun approached Jiang Chen again, intending to attack him from his back.
“Nine Phantom Wolves!”
Nine shadows took turns flashing around Yin Hun, making him suddenly lose his focus. When his attack fell on one of the shadows, Jiang Chen immediately took action with his overbearing Heavenly Dragon Sword, sending a heavy blow towards Yin Hun. Yin Hun turned his head around and his countenance fell immediately. He kept taking steps backwards, however, the sword qi had already left a deep scar on his face.
Yin Hun’s mouth shivered and he raised up his head slowly.
“Kid, you are forcing me.”
“You’re too vulnerable.”
Jiang Chen shook his head as if he was saying something extremely ordinary.
“Killing Luo Ghost Seal!”
Yin Hun suddenly rose up from the ground while his palm formed up a seal that looked like the symbols of the Five Elements and Eight Trigram. However, his seal looked even more like some kind of a sacrifice ritual. Jiang Chen squinted his eyes. The Killing Luo Ghost Seal emerged from Yin Hun’s hand at this moment. It broke through the void and was going to devour Jiang Chen. The surrounding atmosphere was full of melancholy and killing intent.
“Buddha Light Shines!”
Jiang Chen made a heavy blow and his palm struck against the Killing Luo Ghost Seal. Golden and black lights wrestle against each other. Yin Hun was once again defeated by Jiang Chen. The dreadful Killing Luo Ghost Seal was shattered easily by Jiang Chen. Yin Hun’s face turned red as blood stained his face.
“Your Killing Luo Sect is just like this!”
Jiang Chen shook his head. On the other side, the battle between Donghuang Taiji and Hei Cha did not disappoint Jiang Chen at all. Although Donghuang Taiji had just broken through to the Divine King Realm, his potential was extraordinary. Even if Hei Cha was powerful, he was not able to break Donghuang Taiji’s defense.
“It’s my turn now. Donghuang Wuji Seal!”
Donghuang Taiji sent out a formidable strike. The Donghuang Wuji Seal went well in his hand. It pressed against Hei Cha and put him in a predicament.
Lei Peng knew that if he still chose to continue to remain silent, he would face trouble later alone. Jiang Chen’s strength seemed really formidable. It seemed like they had underestimated him.
“Thunderous Palm!”
Lei Peng struck three continuous palms with thunder and lightning breaking through the sky. Jiang Chen was forced to withdraw himself but he still managed to counter the three palms strikes with his Heavenly Dragon Sword. He was not able to kill Yin Hun as Li Peng had already come in front of the latter at this moment.
“Jiang Chen, don’t forget that you’re a disciple of Eastern Emperor Sect. Killing Yin Yun would not bring you any advantages but only trouble. Think twice before you take action.”
Li Peng said.
“I don’t need you to instruct me how to do things.”
Jiang Chen did not show Li Peng any respect at all. Even though Li Peng was a talented disciple of Heavenly Profound Sect, so what? If Jiang Chen was unhappy, he would kill Li Peng together with Yin Hun.
“Humph. I really want to see how much capability you have. Yin Hun, let’s join hands together and kill him. Otherwise, we might not have good days in the future.”
Yin Hun nodded silently. They soared to the sky and battled Jiang Chen together. Their coalition did seem quite powerful as the both of them were talented disciples of Heavenly Profound Sect and Killing Luo Sect. Not to be outdone, Jiang Chen had the upper hand in the battle and his opponents fell into a passive situation.
The battle between Jiang Chen and the two was fierce. At this moment, the entire treasury was shaking and everyone’s countenance fell. They stopped their battle but ran out of time to escape. Many of them were all buried together under the ground with all of the treasure. They were almost buried to death. It’s terrible news.
Jiang Chen and the others suddenly realised that their surroundings had completely changed.
“Gate of Warrior!
Everyone gazed at the three big words. A while ago, it was a doorgate under the treasury but it was actually the Gate of Warrior.
“Is the legend true?”
Li Peng murmured.
“What legend ?”
Yin Hun said in a deep voice.
“It’s said that there is a great kingdom under the Thunder Rush Sea. It used to be glorious. There is a door above the Thunder Rush Sea which one could use to enter a different space. And the door is called Gate of Warrior. According to the legend, it’s believed that the kingdom was once prosperous. If the Thunder Rush Sea didn’t recede and devoured the kingdom, it’s expected that more legend would be spread. However, the Gate of Warrior had always existed.  Although the prosperous kingdom had already fallen, the Gate of Warrior survived. However, it has always been a myth.”
Li Peng said in a low voice. Everyone looked at the gate and they were confused by the inscription on the door. It looked like some legendary words that had been aged and decayed by winds for  hundreds and thousands of years.
There was a mythical mad dragon drawn on the Gate of Warrior. A blurred figure was also shown on the gate and the eyes of the dragon was fixated on the figure below.
“Is there really a trans-dimensional space behind the Gate of Warrior? Or is there any secret behind it?”
Jiang Chen squinted his eyes. He did not know that such a legend existed. The Gate of Warrior had become a myth in everyone’s heart.
“I don’t believe that there’s any monster or demon hiding behind the Gate of Warrior.”
Wei Changqing from the Mu Yun Sect said and smiled coldly. Wei Changqing walked towards the gate and pushed with all of his strength. The Gate of Warrior did not even budge.
“I will come and help.”
Xie Gui of the Scorpion Sect came forward to help. With all of their strength, the Gate of Warrior was finally opened slowly.
Light shone out from the Gate of Warrior and they could only see with their eyes squinted. The world inside seemed to have been broken and a melancholic wind breezed through them. Wei Changqing took a step forward. Suddenly, a dragon shadow pierced through Wei Changqing’s body and disappeared. Wei Changqing fell down slowly,  turned into ashes and was blown away by the wind.
Everyone held their breath. Soon, there were hundreds and thousands of troops rushing out the Gate of Warrior with an overbearing momentum!
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2631 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2632


The World of Fighting Souls
“I will take the lead! There’s no life but only death in the war!”
“For the king, go!”
“The War God is invincible between the heavens and earth!”
“We will come back with victory!”
Deafening voices came out from the Gate of Warrior. Thunderstorm flashed between the illusory space while heavy rain was pouring down at the same time. The knights and warriors who held golden weapons in their hands rushed out from the Gate of Warrior.
Those warriors wore a helmet with a golden plume, and silver armour on their body. They were riding war horses while holding the halberds on their hands. Each of their glaring eyes seemed to be able to pierce through heaven and earth. Their roaring was as loud as the thunderstorm, making the entire earth shake.
The hundreds and thousands of warriors were like the long river that covered the entire ground and brought chaos to the earth.
What was hiding behind the Gate of Warrior? No one knew about it. However, this Gate of Warrior had brought everyone an unusual kind of battle scene. It was extremely bloody and high in fighting spirit.
Their amours were full of the marks left by knives and swords and some were even pierced by long spears stained with blood. The only thing that was not there was tears.
“It’s so terrifying! These are all from the Gate of Warrior.”
Li Peng took a cold breath and he was completely stunned by what he’s seeing.
“I am afraid that an incredibly powerful world is hiding behind the Gate of Warrior.”
Yin Hun’s words sounded solemn and shaky because he felt that they might soon be used as sacrifices for the Gate of Warrior.
“I have never seen such an overbearing and terrifying aura before in my whole life.”
Long Xinghua murmured and she shivered in fear.
“Kill them!”
“Kill them!”
The scream shocked the entire earth and even Jiang Chen and the others felt the great pressure. All of the soaring warriors rushed out the Gate of Warrior and spread across the entire place.
The first person they targeted was Murong Yun`er. Although the troops were only in the form of shadows, each of the souls possessed the combat strength of a Late Heavenly God Realm with their accumulated resentment. When the hundreds and thousands of troops rushed out the Gate of Warrior, the overbearing aura almost shattered Murong Yuner and turned her into  ashes.
“Be careful!”
Donghuang Taiji immediately appeared in front of Murong Yuner to defend her from the overbearing aura. However, the countless fighting souls still pushed Donghuang Taiji, Murong Yuner and the others away with a terrifying power. The two of them were injured severely.
“This is not Gate of Warrior. This is a world that is filled with countless fighting souls.”
Jiang Chen looked solemn and stared at the scene without blinking. Suddenly, the hundreds and thousands of fighting souls started running around the treasury room.
“Such a terrifying world of fighting souls. It’s really terrifying. I’ve never heard of a place like this.”
Hei Cha’s countenance fell because they might need to face these fighting souls.
“Taiji…”
Murong Yuner held Donghuang Taiji’s hand tightly, while Donghuang Taiji struggled as his body was pierced through by three fighting souls just now. He suffered intense pain as if his bone and flesh were being torn apart.
Murong Yuner’s tear rolled down her face and blood was all over her mouth. If Donghuang Taiji did not take action to defend her just now she might have already died. The two of them hugged each other tightly. Donghuang Taiji’s action had moved Jiang Chen as it was true love.
“Taiji……”
Without any hesitation, Jiang Chen threw a hundred pieces of Energy Recovery Pill to Donghuang Taiji. Donghuang Taiji was shocked as the price of these hundred pieces of Energy Recovery Pill  was invaluable. However, the most important thing was that these Energy Recovery Pills could provide him unlimited supply to recover his strength. He would be like an invincible War God.
On the other hand, Jiang Chen also threw a bottle of Energy Recovery Pill to Long Xinghua. Long Xinghua was excited and stunned as well. Her eyes were filled with affection towards Jiang Chen and gratitude.
“Do your best. These fighting souls are not that simple!”
Jiang Chen shouted. Then, more than ten fighting souls crashed into him while roaring in anger.
The Gate of Warrior was expanding and more and more fighting souls rushed out of the gate. It was really terrifying.
If there were only ten fighting souls, they might not be afraid. If there were hundreds, they might still be able to handle it. But what if there were thousands and hundreds of thousands?
Even if Jiang Chen had the Five Elemental Trigram Fire Formation to protect himself, it was not enough to stop the mad flood of the fighting souls.
Each of these fighting souls was as alive as a tiger, filled with an overbearing fighting spirit. Their body was as strong as a giant ape.
The Five Elemental Trigram Fire Formation had already been set up, however, Jiang Chen could not stop the fighting spirit from rushing. He was only able to defend himself. The most terrifying thing was that more than half of the fighting souls were aiming at Long Xinghua. This had put her in a very difficult situation which nearly suffocated her.
Jiang Chen could not help signing and worry as most of the fighting souls had seen Long Xinghua as their target.
“Divine Dragon Defense Soul Seal!”
Long Xinghua casted the Divine Dragon Defense Soul Seal to fight with the fighting souls. Her sword was like an azure dragon sweeping in all directions.
However, those fighting souls had become even more fierce in battle. Even though Long Xinghua had been eating the Energy Recovery Pill continuously, it still seemed to be   of no use. Thousands of mad fighting souls still kept crashing into Long Xinghua and seemed like they wanted to finish the mission of killing her.  Suddenly, the azure dragon of Long Xinghua’s sword seemed to have been completely engulfed by the fighting souls.
“Damn it!”
Jiang Chen frowned. At this moment, he had no choice but to take action to save her. Donghuang Zhuoqing and Long Shaotan were very good friends while the Eastern Emperor Sect and Nine Dragon Palace had a very good relationship as well. Jiang Chen could not just stand aside and not do anything.
“Roar…”
Jiang Chen roared in anger. He transformed into a dragon that brought shock to everyone.
“This guy is really impressive. Although he is just a Late Heavenly God, he is the most skillful one here.”
Yin Hun said coldly. He was quite exhausted from dealing with the fighting souls that kept trying to break his defences.
As soon as Jiang Chen casted his dragon transformation, all of the fighting souls turned towards him. They were like a flood trying to submerge Jiang Chen.
Those fighting souls that had attacked Donghuang Taiji, Yin Hun and Lei Peng all now turned to attack Jiang Chen. Those that aimed at Long Xinghua gave up attacking her and turned to Jiang Chen. Hundreds and thousands of troops soared and targeted Jiang Chen now.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2632 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2633


Chapter 2633
Why Do All of You Come to Attack Me?
Jiang Chen managed to protect Long Xinghua with his power. If he didn’t take action on time, Long Xinghua would have already been killed. However, she was still severely injured and her pretty face had become completely pale. Even under Jiang Chen’s protection, her breath was still very weak. A Divine King expert had become so weak, unable to withstand the attacks of the fighting souls.
No one knew that these fighting souls would have such an incredibly strong aura.
“Haha. Interesting. Unexpectedly, all of these fighting spirits have now come to attack Jiang Chen. Amazing!”
Yin Hun said in a cunning way. At this moment, he finally heaved a sigh of relief as Jiang Chen became the target of all of the fighting souls. All of the fighting souls were taking action against Jiang Chen.
“Motherf*cker, it was too risky. I almost had to say goodbye to the world.”
Hei Cha said with fear lingering in his heart. If Jiang Chen did not become the target, they wouldn’t have been able to take things as easy now.
“Sh*t. If things continue like this, Jiang Chen will definitely die!”
Donghuang Taiji was very anxious, but Jiang Chen was already drowned in the hundreds and thousands of fighting souls. They could not see his figure at all. Even a Divine King expert would be crushed easily by these fighting souls.
Long Xinghua never expected that she and Jiang Chen would stand at the same level. He even saved her at the cost of his life. Although Long Xinghua was cold-hearted, she was unable to stay calm at this moment. Jiang Chen’s figure had remarkably been etched on her mind. Although she was the most talented genius of the Nine Dragon Palace, she had depended on someone to save her just in order to stay alive. She actually felt very bitter about this. Who knew that the world of fighting souls would give them such a lesson.
Thunder Rush Sea was definitely not a nice place.
“What the hell. All of you have come to attack me now?” Jiang Chen gritted his teeth tightly, however, it still wouldn’t help improve his situation.
Facing the countless number of fighting souls, Jiang Chen was neither happy nor sad. However, it was also difficult for his Five Elemental Trigram Fire Formation to block out all of the attacks by the fighting souls. He was in big trouble now.
“Finally… Hehe. This kid deserves this as this is what he has been looking for. The world of fighting souls will become his graveyard.”
Li Peng laughed coldly as Jiang Chen was being devoured by the fighting souls now. Even if he was a Hierarch expert, he might not be able to escape this challenge because the collective strength of these Late Heavenly God souls was strong enough to crush everything.
“This is called karma. Hahaha. The consequence of trying to be a hero will be arriving to a dead end. You have never measured your own strength before acting a hero to save the beauty.”
Hei Cha did not forget to tease Jiang Chen as Jiang Chen was being flooded by the fighting souls.
“Why can’t good people stay alive longer.”
Murong Yuner gritted her teeth tightly while holding Donghuang Taiji’s hand. Right now, they could not see Jiang Chen’s body at all. That man who had rescued them was not here anymore. Murong Yuner suddenly felt that life really is full of unpredictability.
“Jiang Chen!”
Long Xinghua was full of rage and she almost broke her throat from roaring. In front of herself, Jiang Chen was devoured by the countless fighting souls, eventually disappearing.
“Divine Golden Bell!”
Jiang Chen used the Eastern Emperor Bell as the foundation to set the Divine Golden Bell. This is the first time he used it.
As he expected, although he was not able to fully display the Eastern Emperor Bell’s dreadfulness, the Divine Golden Bell provided him with perfect protection. The hundreds and thousands of fighting souls kept on crashing towards the Divine Golden Bell, yet they still failed to break the protection. It was because of the protection of the Divine Golden Bell which was based on the Eastern Emperor Bell. It was a real existence instead of a formation that was casted by Donghuang Wuji at that time.
Jiang Chen’s Divine Golden Bell was completely incomparable to the Divine Golden Bell set by those people of the Eastern Emperor Sect.
“Successful. This Divine Golden Bell is indeed powerful and it might be able to withstand the strike of a Hierarch expert.”
Jiang Chen was sure that the surrounding fighting souls had decided to kill him, however, he had no idea why he became their target. Why must they go against him? Even those souls that attacked Donghuang Taiji and Lei Peng came to target him.
Jiang Chen did not understand, but there must be something strange behind.
Although Jiang Chen was able to block those fighting souls outside of the Divine Golden Bell, it was still extremely difficult for him to break through them.
“Damn it!”
Jiang Chen could not help shaking his head.
Suddenly, Jiang Chen had an idea as he recalled the Great Yu Soul Forming Light that he had. Although he had not finished repairing the Great Yu Soul Forming Light, half of it had already been actually repaired. Why not try taking out the Great Yu Soul Forming Light to suppress these fighting souls?
Jiang Chen took out the Great Yu Soul Forming Light from the Myriad Qi Cauldron. Suddenly, all of the fighting souls were stunned. Jiang Chen could feel that it was the suppression of the Great Yu Soul Forming Light.
“Great one. Hahaha. This Great Yu Soul Forming Light is interesting.
“Keep them!”
The Great Yu Soul Forming Light suddenly gave off a bright radiance and thousands of rays shot out from the light. Whenever the rays passed by, they managed to absorb all of the fighting souls. All of the fighting souls were now frightened. Although the Great Yu Soul Forming Light could not absorb the souls in high speed, Jiang Chen knew that the Forming Light could overcome all of these souls. He also could see that the Great Yu Soul Forming Light has become brighter and brighter now.
“Great. Show me how powerful you are. My effort in fixing the Great Yu Soul Forming Light has not been wasted.”
Jiang Chen smiled confidently as all of the fighting souls were absorbed into the Great Yu Soul Forming Light.
At this moment, the Great Yu Soul Forming Light became extremely bright. Jiang Chen was thrilled as it had finally become a dreadful Origin Divine Tool. Moreover, it was not fully repaired yet. Under the nourishment of Myriad Qi Cauldron and these fighting souls, Jiang Chen believed that the Great Yu Soul Forming Light would become even more powerful.
As long as the Great Yu Soul Forming Light was not fully repaired, Bai Yunfei’s soul would not be reborn. However, Jiang Chen believed that the day was not far away anymore.
Jiang Chen swept across the entire universe. He was invincible despite facing hundreds and thousands of fighting souls.
“What can these fighting souls do to me?”
Jiang Chen looked at the sky while holding the Great Yu Soul Forming Light. His eyes were like torches scanning through the sky. At this moment, everyone was dumbstruck and their facial expression changed. Yin Hun, Lei Peng and the others all trembled in fear.
At this moment, the scream and shout that came from the warzone became softer and softer in the Gate of Warrior. The enormous shadow on top of the Gate of Warrior was becoming smaller……
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2633 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2634


Ying Chen Died in a Wrestle
“How are you going to fight me?”
Dou Ling said coldly, his eyes were filled with killing intent.
“Don’t be so arrogant. Battle God Clan, so what? This place is the Thunder Rush Sea and Qilian Boundary, do you really think that you can turn around here?”
Li Jingdong said with pride while fighting against Dou Ling without any fear. Their battle became more and more intense. The brothers of Li Jingdong, Feng Xingli and Bai Qi had joined hands together to completely suppress Dou Ling. Dou Ling did not have any chance to make a counterattack at all. However, Li Jingdong was really curious about what made Dou Ling so confident in the battle.
“Accept your death, Dou Ling!”
Feng Xingli pressed against Dou Ling once again. Five Mid Divine King Realm experts fought Dou Ling together. However, Dou Ling’s face remained calm and he was not nervous at all.
“Rubbish. You guys are just rubbish in my eyes. Dou Formation Technique! “
Dou Ling’s eyes were glaring at this moment.  As soon as the Dou Formation Technique was casted, the Wind Cloud Spirit Absorbing Formation that he had set beforehand started stirring up the place. The five of them were stunned as no one expected that Dou Ling, who was under their suppression, could still stir up a storm, making a turnaround. They had completely lost the chance to defend themselves now.
In the Wind Cloud Spirit Absorbing Formation, Feng Xingli and Li Jingdong’s countenance fell as their souls seemed to be sucked by an enormous strength at this moment. Their body was distorted and the pain they were suffering was indescribable. The pain was stronger than the pain one would feel when their body was torn apart.
Bai Qi was the one who found this suppression comparatively easier compared to others. However, Bai Qi who was a Formation Master also ran out of ideas to counter the Dou Formation Technique. He could only try his best to save himself.
“Luckily, I have the Spirit Suppressing Stone with me. Otherwise, my soul might
have been absorbed by the formation already.”
Fear still lingered in Bai Qi’s heart. While he was fighting against the Wind Cloud Absorbing Spirit Formation, he kept thinking how he could escape from the place. They had lost their autonomy at this moment. What brought Bai Qi into despair was not Dou Ling’s strength but his Dou Formation Technique. With the enforcement of Dou Formation Technique, the Wind Cloud Spirit Absorbing Formation had advanced to an invincible level. Bai Qi knew how to set up the Spirit Absorbing Formation. However, he would not be a match to Dou Ling who had the Dou Formation Technique to enhance his Spirit Absorbing Formation.
Although Bai Qi was really jealous of Dou Ling, he knew that it was the secret of the Dou God Clan. The dreadfulness of the Dou Formation Technique was imaginable. The Dou Formation Technique was an unparalleled existence among all kinds of formation. Bai Qi had already known about this ever since he started learning formation technique.
“Can’t I run away if I can’t defeat you?”
Bai Qi was holding the Spirit Suppressing Stone that he discovered from a place where a great master passed away. The Spirit Suppressing Stone could stabilise formation and make one not be affected by any formation. It was a rare treasure as it would not be moved by any kind of storm, including the Wind Cloud Absorbing Spirit Formation.
“Damn it. This guy is too dreadful. He had already set up this formation in the dark. We won’t be able to escape misfortune.”
Feng Xingli was stunned while his voice became shaky. His face was completely distorted due to the Wind Cloud Absorbing Spirit Formation.
Li Jingdong faced the same situation and he felt that death was so near him. At this moment, despite being skillful and formidable, all of them had come to a dead end.
“Mr Bai, please save us.”
Li Jingnan said in a deep voice while his eyes showed desperation. In comparison to others, Bai Qi at least, was not yet defeated by the Absorbing Spirit Formation.
“Alright!”
Bai Qi’s eyes blinked, however, he did not care about the others. He immediately found a way to escape from the Wind Cloud Absorbing Spirit Formation. Suddenly, he disappeared. It was already not easy to escape the formation, not to say saving the others. It was like a dream.
“Bastard, he has run away by himself.”
“No! I don’t want to die here!
“Heavenly Profound Sect will not let you live, Dou Ling!”
“You will be punished by the heavens. Killing Luo Sect will never ever reconcile with you.”
Their souls were completely drained out by the Wind Cloud Absorbing Spirit Formation. They were turned into dry corpses. Everyone took a deep breath while looking at Dou Ling.
Dou Ling carried a frown as Bai Qi managed to find a way to escape his Wind Cloud Absorbing Spirit Formation. Unfortunately, the jade box was still in his hand. He was here for the spine bone and that was the true purpose of why he came here. It was a relic from his ancestor.
Dou Ling did not waste his time to look around anymore but rushed somewhere further as he could sense that an overbearing aura was coming out from that side.
“This man of the Battle God Clan is indeed too terrifying.”
Donghuang Zhuoqing was solemn. Dou Ling had already disappeared. They were facing a sorrowful scene right now as more than ten elders were slaughtered. There were only Donghuang Zhuoqing, Long Shaotan, Shen Yingqi, Qu Tianshu and the young city lord Zi Xi here. Except for Zi Xi, the others were all badly injured. Even those elders from the other sects were all killed. The scene was extremely tragic.
Ying Chen was also at his last grasp. Long Shaotan’s eyes were full of blood as he felt that he must finish Ying Chen despite his severe injury. Under the cooperation of many experts, Ying Chen was finally defeated.
“All of you shall die! Shall die!”
Ying Chen mourned. He knew that if he continued to fight, he would definitely die. He chose to soar up to the sky and planned to leave this place. However, would Long Shaotan allow him to leave so easily? This was a good chance to avenge Xiao Yu. Even if he had to pay the price of his life, he would do so just to kill Ying Chen.
“Want to leave this place? Humph. It’s not that easy. You have to ask my permission first.”
Long Shaotan was determined. He gritted his teeth tightly, and his eyes were filled with essence light as he unleashed his killing intent. Soaring up to the sky, he wrestled with Ying Chen.
“Brother Long!”
Donghuang Zhuoqing’s heart sank as he knew that Long Shaotan had decided to die together with Ying Chen.
“You are such a lunatic. If you want to die, don’t pull me together to die with you!”
Ying Chen was terrified as Long Shaotan had already decided to die together with him. They were in an intense wrestling match. At this moment Ying Chen’s face was covered with blood and sweat.
“Killing you is the only way to avenge Xiao Yu. I, Long Shaotan, am happy to do so. Hahaha.”
Ying Chen broke through the sky yet Long Shaotan swore to kill him. In the end, Long Shaotan chose to blast himself and die together with Ying Chen. They both vanished in the ashes.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2634 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2635


Behind the Gate of Warrior
“Brother Long!”
Donghuang Zhuoqing’s pupil shrunk and his face turned pale at this moment. He had imagined this scene before, however, he did not expect this to happen so soon. It was out of his expectation for Long Shaotan to be so determined to blast himself in order to kill Ying Chen. His determination made Donghuang Zhuoqing’s heart become cold.
Although Ying Chen passed away, he had already killed many experts before. Many of the experts from the ten major sects had fallen, including Feng Xingli and his brothers.
It was undeniable that Dou Ling was very formidable. Right, Donghuang Zhuo, Zi Xi and Qu Tianshu were the only ones remaining alive. Donghuang Zhuoqing did not make too much comment on Long Shaotan’s death as it might be his final destiny.
When Long Shaotan decided to self-destruct without carrying any fear, he actually had no regrets in his life anymore.
“Everyone will face death one day. He will either die for something small or bad. His death did not bring any shame to himself or anything, it can be said that his death was worthwhile. If he allowed Ying Chen to run away, he would only live like a walking dead.”
Qu Tianshu’s words struck Donghuang Zhuoqing. He showed a bitter smile later. Donghuang Zhuoqing knew better than anyone that the death of Long Shaotan was something worth celebrating.
“That guy from the Battle God Clan had already gone in. Let’s go in without delay. Jiang Chen and the others are still inside.”
Zi Xi said, his face looking serious. He was the one who looked the most steady amongst them. Jiang Chen’s current situation might be very dangerous now.
Jiang Chen looked incomparably serious while looking at the enormous shadow shrinking, but then it suddenly became bigger again on the top of the Gate of Warrior.
One could clearly see that there were eight arms coming out from the vague shadow. They were like long powerful long whips. A pair of big round eyes emerged on the shadow as well. The entire underground space suddenly trembled intensely.
“What a terrifying kraken it is. Its breath shows that its cultivation realm had reached the Mid Divine King. Most importantly, we don’t know if there is anything dreadful hiding behind it.”
“Is that a sea monster? This is the first time I see such a monster. An eight-armed kraken must not be that simple.”
“Why does it only target Jiang Chen?”
Even Jiang Chen was confused why. Who knew that this big guy did not care about others and only chased towards Jiang Chen to attack him. Why? Jiang Chen was angry but he did not know why.
“You have the breath of the Dragon Clan. No mercy to the Dragon Clan! Kill!”
The kraken said in a deep voice while its eight arms had blocked Jiang Chen’s escape routes. Jiang Chen could only try to dodge its attack. The kraken was indeed too powerful. If Jiang Chen did not have the Great Yu Soul Forming Light on his hand, he would have been defeated easily with a single strike.
Jiang Chen and the kraken wrestled for some time, yet none of them was able to gain the upper hand. Even though the kraken was only a soul, it was still very powerful.
“There must be an incredibly valuable treasure behind the Gate of Warrior. We must not just sit here and wait.” Ying Hun said.
“Exactly. Let him continue to fight with that kraken. Hehe. While those two dogs are fighting for a bone, a third runs away with it.”
Lei Peng said, smiling coldly. Instead of pestering Jiang Chen and the others, it was better for him to take action earlier and find out what was hiding behind the gate. They had sensed that there must be precious treasure behind the Gate of Warrior.
“What are you waiting for? Haha. Let him die here.”
Hei Cha said coldly. Jiang Chen was currently under the suppression of the kraken and he was struggling. Hei Cha felt that Jiang Chen would definitely die soon.
“Roar…”
After a loud roaring sound, Dou Ling broke the suppression and jumped into the underground treasury. He scanned through the entire place and everyone with his cold eyes.
“Oh no. The elders must have faced misfortune.” Yin Hun’s face looked bad.
Dou Ling’s arrival proved that he had already gotten rid of the elders’ suppression. This showed that Dou Ling was not a simple figure.
“This guy is indeed terrifying. I have heard before that the Battle God Clan is an unparalleled great clan. I am afraid that all of the elders might have already been killed.”
Lei Peng was very anxious. As they had lost the protection of their elders now, they knew that the rest of the journey would be extremely difficult. Moreover, Jiang Chen and Dou Ling were not easy to deal with.
Hei Cha had an idea suddenly and he shouted loudly:
“The dragon balls are in his hand.”
Hei Cha pointed at Jiang Chen and tried to bring him big trouble. Dou Ling’s gaze was focused on Jiang Chen now. Even though he knew that Hei Cha and the others did this to protect themselves, he still looked at Jiang Chen.
“Give me the dragon balls.”
Dou Ling stared at Jiang Chen and said.
“Insatiable. I have already given you the spine bone. Now you even want what belongs to me. Shameless.”
Jiang Chen smiled and said coldly. He could give up the spine bone, but he would never let go of the dragon balls.
“You’re courting death.” Dou Ling said coldly, and immediately pressed against Jiang Chen with overflowing killing intent!
“Hurry up! Get into the Gate of Warrior!” Ying Hun said.
The three of them gave each other a glance and entered the Gate of Warrior immediately.
“Show no mercy to the people of the Dragon Clan. Kill!” The kraken hated Jiang Chen to the bone. Jiang Chen finally knew that these fighting souls attacked him because of his Dragon’s breath. The Gate of Warrior seemed to have a very  deep grudge with the Dragon Clan.
Under the attack of the kraken and Dou Ling, Jiang Chen did not have any chance to counter attack at all. Both of them posed a huge threat to him, so he had to be extremely careful. If he did not have the Great Yu Soul Forming Light, he would have been defeated already.
“Jiang Chen, I will assist you!” Donghuang Taiji shouted.
“Don’t care about me. Faster! enter the Gate of Warrior. Don’t let them get the treasures first. There must be something good behind the gate.”
Jiang Chen looked at Donghuang Taiji. Donghuang Taiji was very worried about Jiang Chen’s safety because he was the pillar of their group.
Long Xinghua took a few pieces of the Energy Recovery Pill and followed Donghuang Taiji’s step immediately. This was what Jiang Chen wished. Long Xinghua looked at Jiang Chen’s figure. She was very confident in Jiang Chen.
“You must survive.” Long Xinghua murmured and decided to enter the Gate of Warrior.
“Give it to me. You don’t deserve those dragon balls.” Dou Ling shouted and stepped up to the void. He struck out a dreadful palm strike that pushed Jiang Chen to a dead end. Together with the kraken’s attack, Jiang Chen was in a difficult situation.
“Let’s see if you have such capability to kill me.” Jiang Chen roared in rage. He took out the Heavenly Dragon Sword while dragon roars surrounded the place.
The kraken suddenly trembled in fear and withdrew itself quickly. Although he was still attacking Jiang Chen, its attacks were not that ferocious anymore. Jiang Chen’s dragon prestige suppressed the kraken.
However, Dou Ling was not afraid at all.
Instead, Dou Ling became even more vigorous when Jiang Chen started his counterattack. He was filled with high spirit and kept pushing Jiang Chen’s limits. The entire scene was very intense. Although Jiang Chen was very strong at defending himself, he was still injured by Dou Ling whose imposing manner was extremely formidable.
“Be careful, Jiang Chen!” Zi Xi roared out in rage and rushed to the battlefield. Not to be outdone, Donghuang Zhuoqing managed to withstand the kraken’s attack.
With Zi Xi and Donghuang Zhuoqing’s assistance, Jiang Chen became more flexible in the battle. Dou Ling did not dare to be reckless anymore in the face of the joint forces of Jiang Chen and Zi Xi.
Dou Ling squinted his eyes and smiled coldly:
“You only know how to rely on others. Rubbish.”
“If you have the capability, you can kill me now.” Jiang Chen said calmly.
“I will spare your life for now. I am going to see what is hiding behind the Gate of Warrior. What made you guys so excited.”
After that, Dou Ling turned around and entered the Gate of Warrior.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2635 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2636


The Destruction of the Battle Kingdom
“Jiang Chen, are you alright?” Zi Xi said with a serious expression.
Jiang Chen was hurt pretty badly in his fight against Dou Ling earlier. Now, he’s in a really bad situation with the Kraken joining in.
“No matter.” Jiang Chen shook his head.
Even though Dou Ling had left, the Kraken still continued fighting. Jiang Chen wasn’t backing off and he, and the other three, quickly subdued the Kraken. Not even the formless battle souls could do anything, only the Great Yu Soul Forming Light  and the Heavenly Dragon Sword managed to scare the Kraken. Especially the blade.
Without Dou Ling, Jiang Chen easily subdued the Kraken with the help of Zi Xi and the others. The Kraken was instantly subdued by the Heavenly Dragon Sword and was suppressed by the Great Yu Soul Forming Light.
“Speak, what is this Warrior’s Gate? What lies beyond it?”
Jiang Chen looked at the Battle Soul and said coldly, with the Great Yu Soul Forming Light in his palm, whereby he could devour him instantly.
“My soul will perish, so what? Hahaha, I do not fear death, since the Battle Kingdom has perished, what is the meaning for me to continue living?”
The Kraken said coldly as bitterness and sadness covered its face.
“You do not have a choice to even die right now, because I will make sure that you’d wish you die and get tortured in the Great Yu Soul Forming Light forever, do you believe me? That should be a much excruciating pain.” Jiang Chen smiled.
The Kraken shivered as it stared at Jiang Chen and roared.
“You’re mad, you’re a madman.” The Kraken was thoroughly angered.
However, it couldn’t help but shiver at the thought of getting tortured forever by the Great Yu Soul Forming Light… this fella is not joking, that light is no joke either.
“Speak truthfully, perhaps, I might let you go and allow you to reincarnate.”
Jiang Chen knew that the Kraken did not fear death. Perhaps, the Battle Kingdom that it spoke of was really destroyed. Plus, they have no attachment to life since becoming a battle soul, only a fragment of their souls were left and the threat of death will not amount much to them. However, Jiang Chen said that he could torture them in the Great Yu Soul Forming Light for eternity, that was truly terrifying.
“What do you want to know?” the Kraken said.
“What is the Battle Kingdom?” Jiang Chen asked.
“This place is called Thunder Rush Sea, right? If my guess is correct, it should still be that name. In the past, the Thunder Rush Sea wasn’t here, this was just a shore. The Thunder Rush Sea was the mother sea. There was once a powerful kingdom in this bountiful land, its name was the Battle Kingdom. The land was rich and vast with millions of citizens residing within it. Even the birds in the sky and the dragons beneath the sea revered this place. The lord of the Battle Kingdom was mighty and no one dared to disobey him.”
The Kraken spoke in a sentimental mood as its arms waved and spoke with excitement.
“Mighty whereby none dared to disobey him, huh?” Jiang Chen imagined the might of the said lord.
“The might of the Battle Kingdom is truly fabled. I’ve read an ancient record in the Easter Emperor Sect, whereby there was a Battle Kingdom in the South and Eastern Emperor in the West. The past Eastern Emperor Sect was also filled with legends, the Lord of the Eastern Emperor Sect was definitely on-par with the Lord of the Thunder Rush Sea’s Battle Kingdom.” Donghuang Zhuoqing sighed.
The Battle Kingdom was destroyed. The Eastern Emperor Sect lost its former glory.
“Certainly, only the Eastern Emperor Sect was able to fight against the Battle Kingdom in the past.” the Kraken said quietly.
“Then, why was the Battle Kingdom destroyed?” Zi Xi was extremely curious and asked.
“Because of a certain person, as a matter of fact, a dragon.”
“The Big Brother of the Nine Sons of the dragon, Qiu Niu?” Jiang Chen said.
The Kraken looked at Jiang Chen with great shock.
“You knew?”
“It’s just my guess.” Jiang Chen shook his head, however, his guess was on-point. It was the Qiu Niu, and the existence of the dragon ball further proved his point. This Ice Sea Divine Dragon Palace was definitely Qiu Niu’s Dao site.
“In the past, the king of the Battle Kingdom’s daughter, Princess Bingling fell in love with a man, this person was dashing albeit without fame. Nevertheless, Princess Bingling was madly in-love with him as he was well-versed in the art of music, chess, books and art, and had a great literary talent. Although the Lord wasn’t quite satisfied, he could only helplessly accept it. However, after that, the Battle Kingdom went to war with the surrounding state and found out that this Prince Consort was a dragon amongst men as he donned on a battle armour, he swept across the battlefield without anyone stopping him, leading the mighty soldiers of the Battle Kingdom and millions of mercenaries and made a name for himself in the Lone Dragon County. As time went on, the prince had become one of the pillars that supported the Battle Kingdom.”
The Kraken then suddenly added:
“However, on a night with a tsunami crashing upon the kingdom, nine azure dragons appeared, dancing on the sky while lightning and thunder flashed. The waves of the Thunder Rush Sea were three thousand metres tall, it submerged half of the Battle Kingdom, casualties amounted to millions, it was a living hell, catastrophic. They were here to search for someone, the Big Brother of the sons of the dragon, Qiu Niu! Whereby our prince who had fought countless battles and earned his fame was none other than Qiu Niu. Because of him, the whole Battle Kingdom was devastated by the wrath of those nine azure dragons. That was the start of the destruction of the Battle Kingdom.”
“Qiu Niu, to think that he’s the prince consort of the Battle Kingdom. Truly shocking. The destruction of the Battle Kingdom, it was all done by the nine azure dragons?” Jiang Chen said.
“Hmph, those nine azure dragons was just a spark, the one who truly changed everything was Qiu Niu. It was because of his selfish reason that he wanted to get his hands on the atlas from our Lord and set all of this up, causing the destruction of our Battle Kingdom. Qiu Niu and those nine azure dragons should all be damned. All dragons are bastards.” the Kraken roared.
He’s obviously extremely angry about Qiu Niu, the nine azure dragons and the dragon clan. Otherwise, all the battle souls wouldn’t have targeted Jiang Chen when he unleashed his Dragon Transformation, it was reasonable.
“This, Warrior’s Gate, what happened?”
“This Warrior’s Gate was built by the Qiu Niu to imprison us people of the Battle Kingdom. He said that the lord of the Battle Kingdom was severely injured by the nine azure dragons and everyone believed him and entered the Warrior’s Gate for safety. However, in the end, the Qiu Niu never opened up the gate anymore and caused countless citizens of the kingdom to die, trapped within the Warrior’s Gate. In the end, our lord vowed to never bow down, everyone was killed by the nine dragons, there were no survivors. Hence, the hatred towards the Dragon Clan, even if my Battle Kingdom could never re-enter the cycle of reincarnation, we will never forgive them!” the Kraken said in anger as hatred filled his voice.
However, no matter what, the Battle Kingdom has already perished, it was a fact.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2636 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2637


Chapter 2637
The Atlas of the Lord of the Battle Kingdom
Jiang Chen frowned. He had some info about the grudges between the nine sons of the dragon and the Dragon Clan. To say that this was a scheme cooked up by Qiu Niu and the Dragon Clan to destroy the Battle Kingdom, he found it a bit hard to believe. Moreover, Qiu Niu wasn’t as ruthless as the other sons of the dragon, where he liked the art and disliked violence. Plus, the Dragon Clan had never recognised the existence of the nine sons of the dragon. Even if they were sons of the Ancestral Dragon Emperor, they were still considered as outcasts of the Dragon Clan.
Unfortunately, Jiang Chen didn’t know the whole truth, he could only step into the Warrior’s Gate and find out.
“The atlas that you spoke of, what is it? Is it really that worthy that it caused the Dragon Clan to move, the nine elders of the Dragon Clan and Qiu Niu to conspire just to obtain it?”
Jiang Chen was extremely curious about that atlas, it could be an extremely great treasure.
“I don’t know, my Lordship did not hand over the atlas to the Dragon Clan until his last breath.” the Kraken said.
Looks like his loyalty towards his lord was genuine.
“Then, is it another world that lies beyond the Warrior’s Gate?” Zi Xi gasped.
“It’s a great world but it’s also a broken world, it’s impossible for anyone to live in it. This Warrior’s Gate is Hell’s Gate for us, people of the Battle Kingdom. Qiu Niu did not just grant us death but also eternal despair. The whole Battle Kingdom, massacred. Tell me, why should we, the people of the Battle Kingdom, forgive him? All dragons are evil.” The Kraken’s anger was easily explainable.
“A broken world, it’s my first time hearing it,” Zi Xi’s expression became serious.
The world was parallel, even a space divine tool was extremely precious, lest an individual world.
“Let me see what lies beyond the Warrior’s Gate.” Jiang Chen stepped into the Warrior’s Gate with a fiery gaze.
Everything changed the moment he stepped into the gate. The greenery were all dead, deserts could be seen lying across the field, dark clouds shadowing the lifeless land. It was like a world that was filled with anguish and hatred. One couldn’t even see the end of it, tall mountains towering across his view, it was truly a dark place.
Bones and corpses scattered everywhere, demonic beasts roamed the land, numbering to millions, it was a shocking sight.
“Those are the demonic souls of the sea demons.” the Kraken said.
Jiang Chen glanced through the countless demonic spirits. There were True God Realms, Heavenly God Realms and Divine King Realms within the bunch. It was a sad sight to behold.
“I will thoroughly cleanse those battle souls. Although the Great Yu Soul Forming Light will devour them, it doesn’t mean that I will refine them.” Jiang Chen said.
The Kraken was slightly shocked by Jiang Chen’s words as he was moved by his words. They’ve been dead for billions of years and this Warrior’s Gate stopped them from entering the cycle of reincarnation. It was another form of hell. Jiang Chen’s words gave him a sort of relief.
“We will forever be grateful to you if you could cleanse the people of the Battle Kingdom.” The Kraken stared at Jiang Chen with a serious expression.
“I will gladly do it if I have the ability.”
Jiang Chen knew that the Warrior’s Gate was extraordinary. Since he still couldn’t understand what and how this place was made. Zi Xi, Donghuang Zhuoqing and Qu Tianshu were the same too.
“How big is this… broken world?” Donghuang Zhuoqing asked.
“I don’t know, because I’ve never reached the end of it, I believe the others are the same.” Kraken answered.
Once again, everyone was shocked by the kraken’s words, unable to reach the end? It was hard to digest. Perhaps this Warrior’s Gate may be large but to say it’s boundless, it was somewhat unrealistic.
*Roar!*
A roar came from a mountain peak and Ying Hun and the others were shocked as they quickly retreated. A teenager was standing on top of a dark cloud, looking down from the mountain peak.
“That’s the Saint Soul Mountain! It’s where our princess, Princess Bingying was buried! She couldn’t face her citizens and her father and chose to burn her own soul and buried herself in the Saint Soul Mountain. She has lived a bitter life.” The Kraken said.
“Saint Soul Mountain? Looks like this Dou Ling had pushed everyone away from the Saint Soul Mountain.” Jiang Chen murmured.
“That fella is too obnoxious, to chase us all down. There must be something in that mountain.” Hei Cha gritted his teeth, showing his dissatisfaction.
However, they could only keep quiet as they couldn’t win against Dou Ling even with their combined effort.
“Calm yourselves, don’t be reckless. Although that fella is hateful, he’s still not worthy for us to use our final trump card. As that fella from Eastern Emperor Sect is not simple too. Plus, there’s also the young city lord. We can only rely on each other now that the elders are gone.” Yin Hun said quietly.
“I wonder what’s Dou Ling thinking?” Li Peng couldn’t understand.
That fella did not do anything on the Saint Soul Mountain but kept walking around as if he was searching for something.
On the Saint Soul Mountain, Dou Ling’s eyes were shining as he murmured:
“Saint Ancestor, I can feel your presence now, you weren’t able to get away and was trapped within the Warrior’s Gate. The entire Battle God Clan pays their silent tribute to you.” Dou Ling said.
The spine within his palm started to tremble. It was the Battle God Clan’s Saint Ancestor’s presence, it was definitely it. In the past, the Saint Ancestor was unable to leave the Warrior’s Gate even with his might, however, he was able to send a message back to the clan.
“The Saint Soul Mountain was suppressed by Qiu Niu, not even a God Emperor expert could release its seal. Therefore, you must use the blood of the dragon clan and the energy within my spine to weaken the seal of the mountain. Only then, will you have a chance to break through the seal and refine the divine bones of Princess Bingying. The atlas is hidden within her divine bones. The lord of the Battle Kingdom would’ve never thought that I had found out where the atlas is. Hmph hmph.” A voice came from the spine, sneering.
“Saint Ancestor is unparalleled and wise.” Dou Ling said with respect.
“It’s a pity that I’ve died after so many years, my divine soul is already gone but I’ve left a part of my spine to this age, just for the sake of breaking Qiu Niu’s seal. You must bring back the atlas to the clan. Perhaps, that atlas and this spine could help resurrect me.”
“I shall respectfully follow the command of Saint Ancestor.”
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2637 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2638


Unsealing the Saint Soul Mountain
Dou Ling’s eyes became cold as he gazed at the entrance of the Warrior’s Gate. He then looked at Jiang Chen. At this moment, he was able to detect the dragon qi coming from Jiang Chen. Although Jiang Chen was pretty strong with his Dragon Transformation Art, it’s still slightly weaker than him. Especially now that he needed Jiang Chen’s blood…
“The fresh blood of the Dragon Clan, I’ll use your blood for my clan’s Saint Ancestor’s spine.” Dou Ling flew towards Jiang Chen like a meteor. The latter readied his stance, preparing to clash with his foe.
Zi Xi and the others were stunned. Dou Ling was powerful as he was able to sweep the floor while facing several elders from the Heavenly Profound Sect and Killing Luo Sect, even Bai Qi had lost against him and ran away.
Dou Ling’s attack was unstoppable, Jiang Chen could only parry while retreating with his Heavenly Dragon Sword. Dou Ling was dominating Jiang Chen even though he was in his Draconic form. Dou Ling hasn’t even used the Battle Formation Technique. Jiang Chen moved forward carefully. Although Dou Ling was powerful, Jiang Chen hadn’t unleashed his full strength yet.
Dou Ling, meanwhile, was looking for a chance to cut through Jiang Chen’s skin, and obtain a drop of his blood.
Donghuang Zhuoqing collaborated with Qu Tianshu to face their enemy. Dou Ling was forced to face his foes seriously as he was faced with three powerful opponents. However, he did not dawdle for long and quickly retreated back to the Saint Soul Mountain. Donghuang Zhuoqing and Qu Tianshu wanted to pursue him but were stopped by Jiang Chen.
“He has set up a Heavenly Lightning Downpour Formation below the Saint Soul Mountain. Be careful, do not go near.” Jiang Chen said quietly.
“This fella seemed like he had something in mind.” Zi Xi said.
“The Saint Soul Mountain is Princess Bingying’s final resting place. That bastard must be trying to do something towards the princess.” The Kraken said.
“Princess Bingying!” Jiang Chen murmured.
Dou Ling flew up to the Saint Soul Mountain and they were blocked by the Heavenly Lightning Downpour Formation, obviously not wanting them to step into the mountain.
Dou Ling dropped Jiang Chen’s blood on the Saint Soul Mountain and unleashed the energy of the spine. At that moment, the whole mountain began to shake.
“How can this be? The Saint Soul Mountain has never been shaken before. That bastard, what is he trying to do?” The Kraken said in shock.
“You must stop that bastard, this is our princess’ final resting place, it must not be disturbed!”
“It’s too late.” Zi Xi said, shaking his head.
The Saint Soul Mountain was crumbling and the giant majestic ridge was falling apart. The mountain seemed to be cut in half.
Dou Ling’s eyes shone brightly as he finally succeeded, he couldn’t wait anymore.
*Roar…*
The whole sky was covered with lightning storms and thunder clouds as a boundless injustice and anger was showering the land.
That milky white halo was clashing against Dou Ling’s light on his palm, both wanting to overpower the other.
“Open!”
Dou Ling once again unleashed the Saint Ancestor’s spine and a rainbow-colored ray shot through the Saint Soul Mountain. A golden light burst forth from the mountain ridge.
A beautiful woman with her eyes closed came forth.
“Princess Bingying, it’s Princess Bingying. That bastard, you’ll be damned!” The Kraken said while shivering.
He was right, this was Princess Bingying’s final resting place.
“Such a mysterious burial ground, is she the princess of the Battle Kingdom?” Jiang Chen silently gasped.
She was extremely beautiful and possessed a mysterious charm coming from her body.
The whole Saint Soul Mountain shook violently the moment Princess Bingying came out. Dou Ling used everything he had to stop the shaking, in the end it was the spine of the Saint Ancestor that stopped the shaking.
“Such a great peerless immortal body. Saint Ancestor said that the atlas is within her body. Looks like I have to properly refine her.”
Dou Ling smirked, refining Princess Bingying’s divine body using his Three True Flames.
*Rumble…*
Countless battle souls rushed towards the Saint Soul Mountain after the rumble.
“No!” The Kraken shouted.
However, it was already too late as the battle souls kept on rushing towards the Saint Soul Mountain and they were vanquished by the Heavenly Lightning Downpour Formation.
No matter how loud the Kraken shouted, it still couldn’t stop those battle souls from rushing towards the mountain, to save their Princess Bingying as they were vanquished by the lightning.
“Looks like we’re forced to act.” Jiang Chen said.
Numerous battle souls were vanquished by the Heavenly Lightning Downpour Formation. They will never enter the cycle of reincarnation after they were struck by lightning.
Jiang Chen wielded the Great Yu Soul Forming Light, at least he could still cleanse them. Whereby they would be vanquished by those lightning.
“Great Yu Soul Forming Light!”
Jiang Chen used the Great Yu Soul Forming Light and sucked the battle souls into it. The Kraken looked at Jiang Chen with eyes full of gratitude. They’re at least able to reincarnate to the next life with the help of the Great Yu Soul Forming Light, not needing to suffer the torture of the soul anymore.
The Great Yu Soul Forming Light was able to absorb a great number of souls but a greater number of battle souls had also perished before the Saint Soul Mountain.
“Hmph, you’re feeling too good about yourself.” Dou Ling sneered.
Princess Bingying’s body was shining brightly under Dou Ling’s flame, becoming illusory.
“The peerless atlas is finally within my grasp.” Dou Ling’s eyes shone brightly.
Finally, an ancient scroll dropped from Princess Bingying’s body as soon as Jiang Chen was able to push through the clouds. It was written in ancient words.
“God Luo’s Scripture.” Jiang Chen’s pupil contracted as he was hit with a surge of emotions.
He finally knew what the divine item the dragon clan was eyeing for.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2638 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2639


The Slaughter Starts
God Luo’s Scripture
Those three words could easily cause chaos in Lone Dragon County, it could even move the Northern Cold Divine Region. No wonder the Dragon Clan was moved… Even the Battle God Clan came to have a piece of it. Jiang Chen gasped. From the looks of it, not many of them knew about the God Luo’s Scripture. Otherwise, the people who came for it would’ve been much more than this and the Battle God Clan wouldn’t have just sent a single Divine King expert.
Red Lotus said that the God Luo’s Scripture is extremely powerful and mysterious. However nobody knew how powerful it was, yet it was still able to cause chaos and move the people of the entire Divine World.
Everyone was pumped after the emergence of the God Luo’s Scripture. Although nobody knew what it was, at least it was something that Dou Ling was looking heavily upon. And given that it’s hidden within Princess Bingying’s body, it’s more than enough proof that the atlas was something great.
“What is this?” Donghuang Zhuoqing asked.
“It’s definitely not simple, that fella from the Battle God Clan looked upon it like a great treasure.” Zi Xi squinted his eyes.
Now that Dou Ling has become a public enemy, it doesn’t look like he’ll get away easily even though he has gotten the atlas. How could they allow him to easily get away with this many people?
“That fella is the prodigy of the Battle God Clan, be careful.” Qu Tianshu said as she stared at Dou Ling, fearing that he may do something funny.
“That’s it, we must not let that fella get away with the atlas.” Yin Hun said.
It was finally time for them to strike. The trio stayed quiet the entire time just for this moment, the final battle. They will become the winners in the end. That atlas was extraordinary since Dou Ling really coveted it. The trio did not know what it was, but they would not let Dou Ling have the last laugh.
“I’ve been holding this anger for so long, this Dou Ling had been flaunting for so long, does he think that we’re useless? Let’s show him what we got.” Hei Cha said.
He had been holding it in for so long, not showing his true strength this whole time, just for this single moment, for the atlas, to bring honour and success for his sect.
The Heavenly Profound Sect and Killing Luo Sect had planned this for so long, for the sake of getting the greatest treasure and they were not planning to let go of the dragon ball from Jiang Chen too. Unless there’s a Hierarch, otherwise, they would be trapped in this place. Hei Cha smirked, ready to battle, to get the atlas from Dou Ling’s grasp.
“It’s time for us to have Dou Ling pay his due for the death of our elders. He must die. He’s strong, so what? However, the Qilian Region is not the Battle God Clan’s territory.” Li Peng was also prepared for battle.
Their aim? To kill and rob him off of his treasure!
“Dou Ling, pay back the lives of my elders.”
Hei Cha was the first to fly up towards the mountain peak, followed by Yin Hun and Li Peng. The trio rushed towards Dou Ling together.
Dou Ling’s eyes became cold as he smirked:
“I’ve already expected this moment since you guys do not know your limitation, then I’ll leave his Battle Formation Technique to you.”
Dou Ling was prepared. He knew that all parties would come for him after he got the treasure. Therefore, he had prepared his hands.
The trio immediately entered the vicinity of the Heavenly Lightning Downpour Formation. However, the formation was weakened with the combined force of the trio. Hence, Dou Ling then buffed the formation with his Battle Formation Technique and its might was raised considerably.
“Wind!”
“Fire!”
“Lightning!”
The trio combined their might and unleashed a mighty force using the three elements. The might of their strike was akin to the full force attack of a Late Divine King, crashing upon the Heavenly Lightning Downpour Formation.
*Rumble…*
Jiang Chen and the others’ ears were ringing after the clash. The surrounding stones and mountains flew apart from the epicentre of the force. They all looked at the scene with a solemn expression, they did not expect the trio to have such a card.
“The Heavenly Profound Sect and Killing Luo Sect really came prepared.” Jiang Chen said.
“This Dou Ling also came prepared as he had laid traps for others to fall in.”
They could see that Dou Ling did not lose even though the Heavenly Lightning Downpour Formation slowly degenerated with the might of the three. Although it looked like he’s losing, Dou Ling just used a formation to fend off the trio, he himself did not lose anything.
“Use everything, this formation is weird, we must not stay here any longer.”
Yin Hun roared as the trio combined the three elements and unleashed another Late Divine King Grade attack.
However, Dou Ling was no easy foe as he had the Battle Formation Technique to assist him. The trio was stopped in their tracks by the lightning. Hei Cha’s expression became pale as his body was burnt by the lightning.
“Big Bro, I can’t take it anymore!” Hei Cha gritted his teeth and said.
The Dou Formation Technique was much stronger than they had expected and Dou Ling was waiting for an opportunity the moment they lost their energy to take them all out. Hei Cha was the weakest amongst them, although they were all Divine Kings, one could clearly see who’s stronger and who’s weaker. Obviously, Hei Cha couldn’t fully exhibit the might of the technique. Dou Ling found the weakest link and attacked with his full force, forcing Hei Cha to fall back.
“Hei Cha, you must not fall!” Yin Hun said, worriedly.
The trio’s power would drop significantly if Hei Cha fell. The remaining two were definitely not Dou Ling’s match. Not even their elders were able to face him, they couldn’t have lasted this long without this special technique.
Li Peng’s expression instantly changed as he cursed. He knew how important everyone was, if one falls, the others will surely follow suit.
“Those three fellas are losing.” Jiang Chen said with a smile.
At this moment, the slaughter has just begun!
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2639 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2640


The Might of Dou Ling
“You’re pretty sharp. The Heavenly Profound Sect and Killing Luo Sect gained nothing in the end, looks like they’ve made the wrong bet.” Donghuang Zhuoqing said quietly.
Sure enough, everyone had perished except for the people of the Eastern Emperor Sect, and the lone survivor of the Nine Dragon Palace. Donghuang Zhuoqing’s shock towards Jiang Chen’s performance increased as time went on. He was able to stand his ground even amongst these many experts. Plus, he was the only variable within the group, if the Young City Lord was the strongest expert, then, Jiang Chen was the most mysterious.
“Hei Cha is losing. The three of them are a unit, they’ll prosper together but if one of them falls, all of them will fall together. ” Jiang Chen said.
Without a doubt, Dou Ling sneered and unleashed an explosive power and rushed towards Hei Cha, the weakest link of the three. He focused on attacking Hei Cha even though he suffered a blow from Yin Hun. He still aimed to kill Hei Cha!
“Big Brother, save me!” Hei Cha’s pupils contracted and his expression drastically changed.
Unfortunately, it was already too late, he was not Dou Ling’s match even though he wanted to back off.  Dou Ling’s blade cut through the air and split him in half, cleanly.
“No…” Yin Hun shouted with blood-shot eyes.
It was too late… Leaving only him and Li Peng as they were pushed back by the formation, they were evading it with difficulty.
“You guys are unqualified to face me.” Dou Ling said coldly.
“Battle Formation Technique!” Dou Ling roared.
Yin Hun and Li Peng could not take the bullet storm that was raining upon them from the Heavenly Lightning Downpour Formation as Hei Cha had already fallen. They were then mercilessly killed by Dou Ling’s formation on top of the Saint Soul Mountain.
“Such a terrifying formation technique.” Donghuang Taiji said with a serious expression.
Even ten of him wouldn’t be enough to face Dou Ling. At this moment, he had to admit that confidence was really built upon one’s strength. He and that fella weren’t that far apart, however, he still couldn’t face him.
“Elder Qu, Young City Lord, shall we face this foe together?” Donghuang Zhuoqing said.
“Alright, let’s kill Dou Ling first.” Zi Xi nodded.
Donghuang Zhuoqing and Dou Ling could pin Dou Ling down, but it wasn’t enough to kill him. Zi Xi had to join in and then would there be a chance to kill him.
“Be Careful!”
Jiang Chen wasn’t in a rush to act as he had limited strength now, it would be a waste of effort if he would act prematurely. Plus, with Zi Xi within their group, this Dou Ling shouldn’t be able to do much as he was a genuine Late Divine King.
“Here comes another group who wish to die. Does my Battle God Clan look easy to mess with?” Dou Ling sneered.
Donghuang Zhuoqing and the other two were definitely much more powerful than the trio. Their attacks were swift and precise. Although Qu Tianshu was just an Early Divine King, her techniques were superb as it could even go against a Mid Divine King. Whereas Donghuang Zhuoqing was a genuine Mid Divine King expert, their combined effort instantly broke through the Heavenly Lightning Downpour Formation.
“Good!”
Dou Ling shouted and launched a flurry of sword strikes, causing the stones of the Saint Soul Mountain to crumble.
Dou Ling faced the trio without fear. As a prodigy of the Battle God Clan, he was truly peerless.
Donghuang Zhuoqing attacked with vigour, using the Eastern Emperor Limitless Art. Whereby, Zi Xi fought confidently. Qu Tianshu moved across the field without obstructing the other two and was able to send precise attacks. Dou Ling was put on the passive with their combined effort, it was impossible for him to kill Donghuang Zhuoqing and the others.
“Limitless Flame, Set the Heavens and Earth ablaze!” Qu Tianshu set the whole Saint Soul Mountain on fire.
Dou Ling’s eyes became cold as he put out the flame across 3000 li radius with his silver blade, his palm techniques were swift and ever-changing, forcing Qu Tianshu back.
Donghuang Zhuoqing also unleashed the full might of the Eastern Emperor Limitless Art, pinning down Dou Ling with the God Sealing Prohibition. However, the latter was still able to get away and evade Zhuoqing’s technique. Dou Ling’s attack was precise and vicious, each of them as lethal as a blade storm covering the battlefield. Zi Xi fought calmly as he blocked Dou Ling’s path, not giving him a chance to get away.
Jiang Chen started to roam around the Saint Soul Mountain while the four of them were fighting. Hence, Dou Ling did not have the energy to observe what he was doing.
“What is that fella doing?” Donghuang Taiji said, clearly confused.
“He has his own plan.” Long Xinghua said quietly, somewhat saddened.
Now that she was the only one left from the Nine Dragon Palace and there was no guarantee whether she could leave this place alive with Donghuang Taiji being seriously injured.
“I hope.” Murong Yun’er murmured.
“It’s time to act, this Dou Ling is not simple.” Jiang Chen murmured as he jumped into the fray with his Heavenly Dragon Sword and Dragon Transformation.
Dou Ling lost all the initiative after Jiang Chen joined the fray and was losing.
“Such a powerful blade!” Dou Ling’s gaze was set upon Jiang Chen’s blade.
Jiang Chen was even more fearless than Qu Tianshu as his blade was unstoppable.  He was even able to gain the upperhand  against Dou Ling when their blade clashed. He wasn’t letting Dou Ling off as he unleashed the first sword of the Sword of Solitude, cutting the Saint Soul Mountain in half.
Dou Ling was forced back, for which Jiang Chen was the greatest contributor, his attack was as fierce as Zi Xi.
“Interesting, interesting.” Dou Ling sneered as he retreated, trying to retreat back to the Saint Soul Mountain ridge.
“One star battle formation, battling against the Heaven. Two Star battle formation, battling against the stars. Three Star battle formation… !”
Dou Ling instantly set up three formations and trapped Donghuang Zhuoqing and the others.
“Battle Formation Technique. This fella has pulled up all his trump cards.” Jiang Chen thought internally.
The previous Battle Formation Technique he exhibited was nothing, the true Battle Formation Technique’s might was when it has reached the Star Grade. Only then could it unleash its supreme might and Dou Ling was even able to unleash the three-star battle formation technique!
“Be careful, scatter, don’t fall into Dou Ling’s trap.” Donghuang Zhuoqing shouted and retreated.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2640 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2641


Jiang Chens’s Stubbornness
Unfortunately, he was still trapped by Dou Ling’s formation. With the enforcement of the Dou Formation Technique, Donghuang Zhuowing kept being repulsed by Dou Ling. The Dou Formation Technique had made his formation become even more dreadful. The mightiness of the Dou Formation Technique was displayed fully.
Even Zi Xi was not able to escape the misfortune despite his formidable strength and skill. He was able to stop the formation from transforming, but was not able to break out from its suppression.
“Be careful,” Qu Tianshu shouted.
Jiang Chen was still weaker than her. Qu Tianshu used her body to defend Jiang Chen from Dou Ling’s attack, affecting the formation and weakening it. Both of them exerted their full strength. In the end, Qu Tianshu was still repulsed badly. Her face was pale and blood kept spurting out from her mouth.
“Break it!”
Jiang Chen shouted out of rage. The Three Star Dou Formation Technique was shattered. He flashed through the space and broke the formation. Then, Jiang Chen immediately brought Qu Tianshu to escape from their predicament.
Dou Ling said in a deep voice:
“How did you break my Dou Formation Technique?”
“Do you think you are the only one who knew the Dou Formation Technique?”
Jiang Chen said faintly.
“You killed a member of our Battle God Clan!”
Dou Ling suddenly realised that Jiang Chen killed one of their people. He even practiced the Dou Formation Technique in the dark. It’s an unforgivable sin.
“There’s no I’ll find, yet luck brings me here to meet you. You are the one who killed one of our people and stole the Dou Formation Technique. Today you must pay the price with your life.”
Dou Ling actually came to the Thunder Rush Sea with two missions. The first one was to find out the myth of the Thunder Rush Sea. The second one was to find out the individual who had killed a member of their Battle God Clan because they could sense that the killer was inside the Qilian Boundary. They just didn’t know where the exact location of the killer was. However, right now Dou Ling was very sure that Jiang Chen was the killer.
“Since you knew that I was the one who killed him, that means you are not too far from death.” Jiang Chen smiled and said.
“Haha, don’t you know your limit? How would you dare to fight me? Do you really think that I would need to exert any effort to kill you? You’re too arrogant.”
Dou Ling shook his head dismissively, and laughed loudly.
Qu Tianshu and Zi Xi’s countenance fell. They never expected that Jiang Chen killed a member of the Battle God Clan. How did he do it? It was well-known that the Battle Clan God would protect all of their people at the cost of their life.
Now, they’re afraid that this battle would be very fierce.
“I think you are the one who brags about your own power. It won’t be easy for you to escape from our palm now.” Jiang Chen said coldly.
“Then let’s see who would last until the end. Humph!”
Dou Ling immediately sent out a powerful strike. Although Jiang Chen and Qu Tianshu managed to get rid of the Dou Formation Technique, Zi Xi and Donghuang Zhuoqing were still not able to escape from the trap yet. Dou Ling shouted out of rage to strengthen his Dou Formation Technique. Both Zi Xi and Donghuang Zhuoqing were suppressed badly by the newly strengthened technique. Donghuang Zhuoqing was even injured severely while Zi Xi was only lightly wounded.
Jiang Chen swept across the place with his sword and pressed against Dou Ling. Sword shadows were wrestling as he once again clashed with Dou Ling. Jiang Chen’s aura was not weak at all, however, Dou Ling was not easy to deal with despite the absence of the Dou Formation Technique. He still managed to withstand Jiang Chen’s attack steadily. At the same time, Qu Tianshu also helped in pressuring Dou Ling.
“I am going to help you!”
Zi Xi shouted loudly and soared to the sky. At this moment, Dou Ling finally felt the pressure because Jiang Chen was not affected by his Dou Formation Technique. With Zi Xi’s active participation in the battle, he started struggling in fighting against them.
“Hahaha. The Battle God Clan seems quite weak. You are struggling under the attack of a guy who has not even reached the Divine King Realm yet. Your clan has even lost your secret technique. Hahaha. It’s really ridiculous and funny.”
As soon as the mad laughter burst out, Dou Ling turned around and faced the Saint Soul Mountain and saw a white-clothed man standing there with overbearing pride. His aura was very powerful, suppressing the atmosphere around. His eyes were like those of a tiger, cold and filled with killing intent. There was an unparalleled beautiful lady standing and clinging around him. A perfect match between a man and a lady.
“Who are you?”
Dou Ling sent out a heavy blow against Jiang Chen. He looked gloomy, staring at the top of the void and said.
Jiang Chen frowned his forehead as well while looking at the couple with a serious expression.
“God Luo Clan. Luo Qinghe.”
The man’s face looked cold and no emotion could be seen from his eyes. He looked at Jiang Chen and the others as if he was looking at a group of ants.
“God Luo Clan. It’s the people of the God Luo Clan. No wonder.” Jiang Chen murmured.
The man’s arrogance definitely came from his noble identity. It seemed like the God Luo Clan was even more arrogant than the Battle God Clan and they did not even care about the Battle God Clan at all. It was actually reasonable for the God Luo Clan to come all the way here to fight for the God Luo’s Scripture.
“God Luo Clan, are you here to interfere with us? I have really underestimated you guys.”
Dou Ling sneered coldly while still maintaining his dismissive attitude towards the God Luo Clan.
“The scripture in your hands belongs to the God Luo Clan. Give it to me, and I might spare your life.” Luo Qinghe said proudly.
“Are you dreaming? Do you really think that your God Luo Clan is invincible under the heavens? Since when is my Battle God Clan afraid of you? ”
Dou Ling and Luo Qinghe exchanged a glance, and killing intent spread across the entire space. A terrifying battle would surely erupt anytime.
“The God Luo Clan and the Battle God Clan are both here. I guess there’s not much hope for us now.”
Donghuang Zhuoqing sighed and shook his head helplessly. Regardless of the God Luo Clan or Battle God Clan, they could eliminate the Eastern Emperor Sect effortlessly. Hundreds and thousands of years ago, the Eastern Emperor Sect might still be able to fight with them. However,  the Eastern Emperor Sect was nothing in their eyes now.
“Thunder Rush Sea has attracted quite a lot of big names here this time. The participation of the God Luo Clan and the Battle God Clan will definitely stir up a storm in Lone Dragon County.”
Zi Xi said in a soft voice. At this moment, he knew that they wouldn’t be able to turn the situation around. Those two were not any weaker than Dou Ling. If they really start a fight, they would definitely gain no advantage at all. Perhaps it’s the time for them to stop and leave.
“Let’s retreat, Jiang Chen.”
Zi Xi looked at Jiang Chen and said softly.
Jiang Chen shook his head.
“I am determined to get the scripture!”
Zi Xi shivered slightly, and could not help heaving a sigh. It’s worrying to see Jiang Chen being so stubborn.
He believed that the experts from the God Luo Clan and the Battle God Clan must have trump cards that they had not revealed yet. If Jiang Chen kept being stubborn, he might only come to a dead end!
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2641 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2642


Battle with Luo Qinghe
Aspiration!
This is the word to describe Jiang Chen’s determination. However, his cultivation realm was indeed too weak. It was extremely difficult for him to stand toe to toe with the Battle God Clan and God Luo Clan. It didn’t even seem possible. However, Jiang Chen remained stubborn as he used to be.
“The scripture, do you know what that is?”
Qu Tianshu squinted her eyes as she knew that Jiang Chen must know something about the scripture. Otherwise, he would not be so determined to get it. Even though he knew he was more inferior than the opponent and he would be buried here, he still insisted on fighting at the cost of his life. Qu Tianshu had already seen through the extraoridanirity of Jiang Chen. His talent and formidability had already been fully displayed. With his Late Heavenly God Realm, he was capable of fighting Dou Ling. It’s something unachievable for Donghuang Taiji.
“It brings you no benefits if you know about it.” Jiang Chen gave Qu Tianshu a glance.
At the moment, Jiang Chen looked incredibly composed which had actually stunned Qu Tianshu and Donghuang Zhuoqing. He was overconfident and he did not even care about the two greatest elder of Easterm Emperor Sect. Donghuang Zhuoqing knew that in case he had to fight Jiang Chen, he would need to give it his all to overcome him. It’s obvious that Jiang Chen was dreadfully powerful.
Donghuang Zhuoqing and Qu Tianshu became even more curious about Jiang Chen.
On the other side, Zi Xi only looked at the scene silently because his father actually had told him about the secret before. He just did not know whether it was true or not. But looking at how Jiang Chen was determined to get it and the interference of the two great God Clans, he knew that that might be true.
“We won’t have any chance of winning if we fight the two great God Clans.”
Zi Xi was that kind of person who knew to retreat when a great crisis hit. This was the advice from his father. It’s common advice. However, he always keeps his father’s advice in his mind: If you are incapable of doing something, then don’t do it. The advice reminds him about the cruelty of interest. If you don’t have the absolute confidence, you must not put yourself into trouble. A hero is the one who knows how to analyse the situation. Although Zi Xi was confident and powerful, he did not come to the point of pursuing things blindly. That was why he chose to withdraw this time.
“As long as there’s a slight hope, I will never give up.”
Jiang Chen shook his head and smiled lightly. This was his determination. Actually it was an absolute mission impossible for him to still get the God Luo’s Scripture with his current strength.
“You’re too stubborn. Do you know that taking a step back will bring you peace and harmony?”
Donghuang Zhuoqi said with emotion. It’s rare to have an unparalleled talented genius in Eastern Emperor Sect, but he was too stubborn. Donghuang Zhuoqi was worried about the possibility of the rise of Eastern Emperor Sect.
Jiang Chen took a step forward without any fear.
“Buddy from the God Luo Clan, I would like to ask if Big Yellow is doing good at God Luo Clan now?”
Jiang Chen had always had this worry lying in his heart. It’s about Big Yellow. Ever since they entered the Divine World, he had never met Big Yellow before. Although God Luo Clan was his best place to go, Jiang Chen was still quite worried about him as he had not gotten any news about Big Yellow.
As soon as Luo Qinghe and Luo Xingran exchanged a glance, Luo Qinghe’s eyes showed a cold ray shooting to Jiang Chen.
“You know the big yellow dog?”
Luo Qinghe’s words brought a frown on Jiang Chen’s face. This guy did not seem to have a good relationship with Big Yellow. Logically, Big Yellow should not be treated badly as he followed Goddess Luo to the God Luo Clan. Moreover, Big Yellow would not let himself be bullied based on his personality.
“You’re right.”
Jiang Chen said with a deep voice.
“That guy, humph! He would die soon. Since you’re his friend, then don’t think about leaving here alive today.”
Luo Qinghe’s face looked ruthless and his heart was full of hatred toward Big Yellow. Big Yellow was considered popular in the God Luo Clan. Luo Qinghe was actually bullied by Big Yellow and pissed off by his fart before. Big Yellow’s fart made people tremble in fear and one would not be able to clean himself well for three days and three nights after being attacked by the smelly fart.
“What do you mean?”
Jiang Chen’s eyes also showed coldness. Big Yellow seemed out of people’s favour in the God Luo Clan and this guy must have some grudges with Big Yellow.
“What do I mean? Humph Humph. You don’t deserve to know. Since you are Big Yellow’s friend, you are going to pay his debt today.”
Luo Qinghe’s voice was as loud as a great bell as if he had announced a death penalty.
Despite being a Late Divine King, Zi Xi could feel that a great misfortune came and he was totally not a match to Luo Qinghe.
“Really? Then you must have enjoyed his smelly fart before, if not why would you be so angry? Hahaha.”
Jiang Chen bursted into laughter. Luo Qinghe looked even more irritated now as Jiang Chen provoked his anger purposely. He wanted Jiang Chen to fully repay the shame Big Yellow brought him before. I failed to win against that damn dog, but I would kill this Heavenly God!
“Jiang Chen, be careful!”  Zi Xi shouted
However, Luo Qinghe had already taken action against Jiang Chen with an irresistible aura.
“I have been sweeping across in every direction with my formidable power. You can’t even defeat Big Yellow, and now you want to fight me?”
Jiang Chen snorted and started wrestling with Luo Qinghe with the Heavenly Dragon Sword in his hand.
Luo Qinghe’s long blade gave off bloody rays that broke through the void. Jiang Chen used his sword to defend the strikes but was still repulsed by Luo Qinghe. His eyes looked serious as this guy was not any eaker than Dou Ling. His higher grade Heavenly God Weapon was a threatening weapon. With absolute suppression, Luo Qinghe launched an aggressive attack against Jiang Chen.
Despite using the dragon transformation, Jiang Chen was not able to take the upper hand against Luo Qinghe.
“Sword that shatters the void and sky!”
Jiang Chen’s sword strike broke the universe firecily. Donghung Taiji held his breath as he knew that he would not be able to withstand a strike like this, despite being a Divine King.
“Not bad, you seem quite capable. No wonder you dared to brag like that just now.”
Luo Qinghe said with a deep voice while the corner of his mouth was overflowing with a cold smile. As soon as he showed out his dazzling long blades, Donghuang Zhuo and the others’ countenance fell. Their cultivation realm was almost the same, however, both Qu Tianshu or Donghuang Zhuoqing knew that they would not be able to withstand that blade strike.
“Divine Golden Bell!”
Jiang Chen casted out the broken Eastern Emperor Bell. The dazzling blade strikes only left some glows on the Divine Golden Bell. The Divine Golden Bell was very strong and completely resisted Luo Qinghe’s strike.
“Impossible, even my Divine Golden Bell has not reached this realm. How long has he been in our sect? How could he refine the Divine Golden Bell to such a mystical level? He’s indeed terrifying. Sigh, I wish to have such a powerful level of Divine Golden Bell. I can’t even reach this.”
Donghuang Zhuoqing could not help but shake his head while his eyes were full of astonishment. Jiang Chen’s Divine Golden Bell had already reached another realm that he could not compare with. It was really very rare to meet someone who has talent like Jiang Chen’s.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2642 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2643


Like the Monarch
“Good guy, it seems like you have a strong shield. Let’s see how long you could laugh, you’re such a coward.”
Luo Qinghe laughed coldly as he drew his sword and soared into the sky. The light of the sword sliced the void. He flew through a hundred miles while the light faded away above the Saint Soul Mountain. He was rushing at Jiang Chen directly.
“Divine Golden Bell: God Sealing Prohibition!”
Jiang Chen roared fiercely and exerted the God Sealing Prohibition. Luo Qinghe was forced backwards. Even though he was being attacked from all directions, he was still able to remain unmoved. Jiang Chen sealed all the blade’s light successfully, even Luo Qinghe lost control of his own body for a second. Luo Qinghe’s face became gloomy as he retreated. He soared into the sky and looked at the universe arrogantly.
“I have never expected the God Sealing Prohibition to be this strong. I feel like I’ve wasted my time practising the Eastern Emperor Limitless Art for over a thousand years .”
Donghuang Zhuoqing smiled bitterly and shook his head. His skills were completely uncomparable with Jiang Chen’s Divine Golden Bell: God Sealing Prohibition, there was even a huge difference between both of them. Donghuang Zhuoqing had never thought that the God Sealing Prohibition was this formidable. Even Zi Xi thought that Jiang Chen would be the one to suffer a severe injury, but their strength was neck and neck.
“This guy is quite impressive.”
Zi Xi murmured under his breath. Even the invincible genius from the God Luo Clan could do nothing to Jiang Chen at the moment.
“It seems like you really think that you’re unbeatable in the world if I don’t show you my true colors.”
Luo Qinghe snorted. Although neither of them gained the upper hand through the battle, it seemed like Luo Qinghe was defeated. Jiang Chen’s strength had not even reached the Divine King Realm while Luo Qinghe was already one of the strongest experts in the Mid Divine King Realm. Even though he was not considered as the strongest in his clan, he still deserved to be called a genius. However, he had never expected a weak Heavenly God guy could fight against him. It was totally a shame to him.
“Haha, did you just call yourself a genius of God Luo Clan? You’re nothing more than this, even inferior to a Heavenly God. It seems like this is all your strength amounts to.”
Dou Ling shrugged his shoulder, and said in disdain.
“Shut up!”
Luo Xingran said in a deep voice.
“Hey lady, I don’t mind playing with you if you still can’t accept it. But perhaps you should come to our Battle God Clan and have a baby with me. Haha.”
Dou Ling pointed his sword at Luo Xingran. Both of them were enraged  at the moment and the battle seemed to break out at any moment.
“I swear to get the scripture and I will definitely teach this guy a lesson.”
Luo Qinghe looked serious this time as the skills that Jiang Chen casted were absolutely beyond his expectation. Thus, he was bound to fight to the death.
“Is that all you got? Well, it’s my turn now.”
Jiang Chen curled up his lip slightly, full of killing intent in his eyes. It would be impossible for the people of God Luo Clan to bring God Luo’s Scripture out of here.
“Kid, a year from today will be the anniversary of your death. Since you are determined to die, I will fulfill your dream. And that giant yellow dog, I will make a stew of the dog for you.”
Luo Qinghe swept through the void and soared high in the sky. His sword swept away the earth while shedding light brightly. He was constantly intermingling together with Jiang Chen’s shadow, making each clash spark and glimmer in all directions.
The Heavenly Dragon Sword was striking out like a dragon, he did not mean to draw back. Jiang Chen was rushing forward bravely with the Azure Dragon’s Five Steps. Each step was light and radiant. How could it be possible for a Heavenly God Realm to fight against a strong Divine King expert? He was not even at a disadvantage.
The blade and sword was mingling together while the fight between the blood and fire was intense. Jiang Chen was constrained by Luo Qinghe but he was unable to kill Jiang Chen at all. Although Jiang Chen’s strength was slightly inferior to Luo Qinghe, he proved himself with his action. Hence, it was impossible for Luo Qinghe to defeat Jiang Chen after all.
“You’re forcing me! I will show you my Luo He Thousands Cup!”
Luo Qinghe flew high into the sky and soared rapidly while holding a golden saint grail in his hand. Jiang Chen looked cold and startled as it was absolutely a real Origin Divine Tool.
“The water of the Luo River flows from heaven, running to the sea with no return!”
The sword’s light of Luo Qinghe was boundless which made Jiang Chen take a few steps backward. Water flew out unstoppably from the Luo He Thousands Cups. Jiang Chen was completely constrained in the surging waves of the river.
“Isn’t it the Heavy Water of the God Luo Clan? I heard that there is nothing that could compare with the Heavy Water of the God Luo Clan in the universe. In the Three Origins of Heavy Water, no one would be able to remain intact even if you’re a monster with the body of Buddha. Once the Heavy Water appears, the universe will be shattered to pieces.”
Donghuang Zhuoqing said under his breath, fright and fear filled his eyes. He heaved a cold breath.
Jiang Chen narrowed his eyes. The water of Luo River flows from heaven, it’s a formidable Heavy Water. Even a hundred miles tall mountain could never resist the huge amount of Three Origins of Heavy Water.
Jiang Chen was soon drowned in the Heavy Water in the Luo He Thousands Cups with remarkable speed. The entire Saint Soul Mountain was submerged by the water and it was crunching. Even the Saint Soul Mountain was going to be smashed to pieces.
“It is just terrifying.”
Zi Xi murmured. At the moment, he was about to strike out and save Jiang Chen from danger. However, the Three Origin of Heavy Water was truly terrifying. The water of Luo River flows from heaven, it was irresistible. He was being thrown out by the Three Origins of Heavy Water directly and he was nearly drawn into the Three Origins of Heavy Water.
“Hahaha. You’re still too young to fight me. Even if you’re a Late Divine King, you will never be able to stay alive in the Three Origins of Heavy Water and Luo He Thousands Cups. You’re destined to be smashed to pieces.”
Luo Qinghe’s voice sounded extremely cruel and he looked delighted. The water of the Luo River had covered the entire Saint Soul Mountain. Even Jiang Chen was utterly suppressed at the bottom, there was a very slim chance for him to stay alive.
“Jiang Chen is at death’s door now……”
Donghuang Zhupqing sighed and looked helpless. But they would never be the opponent of this Luo Qinghe. At the moment, what they shall do is to leave there as soon as possible.
“Jiang Chen, Jiang Chen……”
Long Xinghua said in a low voice. She could never believe that Jiang Chen was simply suppressed under the Three Origin of Heavy Water and collapsed eventually.
“It seems like we are wrong from the beginning. It’s Jiang Chen’s fate to die a glorious death as a hero.”
Donghuang Taiji looked silently at the flowing water of the Luo River that flooded the entire Saint Soul Mountain. He was helpless and sorrowful.
Jiang Chen was completely suppressed in the Three Origins of Heavy Water and it was impossible for him to survive. Even the thousand miles of mountain was utterly destroyed and laid flat.
“Even if you are strong enough, how could you get away from my control? You’re in way over your head. Humph.”
Luo Qinghe said coldly.
“It seems like it is not suitable to stay here now. We should leave here as soon as possible.”
Zi Xi said in a low voice. Perhaps all of them would not be able to survive if they stayed there.
The moment that they turned back, everyone sighed in vain.
“Are you trying to constrain me with this Three Origins of Heavy Water? Hahaha. You’re just kidding yourself.”
Jiang Chen’s voice echoed through the void. There were twelve flames surrounding him and he broke through the Three Origins of Heavy Water. It was like a myriad of stars surrounding the moon, Jiang Chen was protected at the center. It was Jiang Chen’s Twelve Fire God Guards!
The flames leap to the sky. The strength of the Twelve Fire God Guards had reached the Half-step Divine King Realm and they were constantly enhanced with the strength of Jiang Chen. Jiang Chen was shielded by the Twelve Fire God Guards, so the Three Origins of Heavy Water could do nothing to him.
Long Xinghua and Donhuang Taiji turned around their body immediately. The moment that they opened their eyes once again, Jiang Chen was soaring in the sky like a Monarch. They were all astonished.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2643 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2644


Half-Step Hierarch
“Jiang Chen, he……is still alive?”
Qu Tianshu said in a low voice. Even Luo Qinghe’s glance had become sharp.
“Good guy. Even the Luo He Thousand Cups failed to kill you, it seems like you’re such a tough opponent.”
Luo Qinghe looked gloomy and cold. He had never thought that Jiang Chen was a tough rival, and that the Twelve Fire God Guards were unusually terrifying. With the help of the twelve Fire God Guards, killing Jiang Chen was definitely not as easy as solving a basic math calculation.
“I have never expected Jiang Chen to have such a card in his hand. He is just too annoying.”
Donghuang Zhuoqing did not know whether to laugh or cry but he was thrilled when he saw Jiang Chen breaking through the Three Origin of Heavy Water. The Twelve Fire God Guards were implicit with dread which Donghuang Zhuoqing could hardly resist.
“Such terrifying puppets of flames. I wonder how strong this guy is.”
Zi Xi murmured under his breath. Even he would need to go all out if he confronted the Twelve Fire God Guards. Moreover, the moment Jiang Chen broke through from the bottom of the Three Origins of Heavy Water was just shocking, remarkable and incomparable.
“Good guy, it seems like I have underestimated you earlier as I have never expected this to happen. Those puppets are just breathtaking. Haha.”
Dou Ling said with a slight smile. The battle between Luo Xingran and him was exceedingly intense but he’s fine with it because he preferred dealing with the great beauty rather than intermingling with Luo Qinghe.
“It’s my turn now.”
A faint grin bent the corner of Jiang Chen’s mouth. The Twelve Fire God Guards soared to the sky in the blink of an eye and surrounded Luo Qinghe completely.
“The battle has just begun.”
Jiang Chen retreated at first in order to make a greater advancement. The power of the Heavenly Dragon Sword was irresistible, and the Twelve Fire God Guards had completely driven Luo Qinghe up to the wall which forced him to treat this seriously.
“The giant yellow dog is a tough one, but I have never thought that you are a tougher rival for me.”
Even though Luo Qinghe was startled, he was still able to remain calm. He was soon ready to confront the attack of Jiang Chen. Jiang Chen’s Twelve Fire God Guards had successfully made a turnaround with a formidable strong attack. Jiang Chen reacted immediately and struck out fiercely.
“Third sword, Solitary!”
Jiang Chen was determined to kill Luo Qinghe and that was the reason he would not pull his punches, hitting him with full strength. Jiang Chen’s Twelve Fire God Guards swept through fiercely and the entire world of the brave soldiers seemed to be eclipsed, turning dull at that moment.
“It is such a terrifying sword aura.”
Zi Xi, Luo Xingran and the others looked gloomy. The strong blow had revealed Luo Qinghe’s weakness completely.
“The water of the Luo River flows from heaven!”
Luo Qinghe retreated swiftly. His face turned pale and his whole body was trembling with fear. If he was hit by that strike, he would have died in vain without a doubt.
The Luo He Thousand Cups were being thrown out after colliding with the Heavenly Dragon Sword directly. However, Jiang Chen’s sword aura was still growing. Even though it’s a real Origin Divine Tool, the Luo He Thousand Cups was still easily damaged by a strike. Luo Qinghe quickly tried to make an escape, looking terrified and astonished.
“Drawing the sword and breaking the water, overwhelming and inevitable!”
Jiang Chen’s strike, Solitary, had made the entire sky turn dull and cloudy.
Luo Qinghe took each step cautiously as he was totally miserable under the formidable strike. He would have been defeated by Jiang Chen if he made a slight mistake. Jiang Chen had exerted his sword skill to the extreme and perfection.
“The sword is dreadful. I think even I could hardly resist those strikes.”
Donghuang Taiji murmured and took a glance at Murong Yuner. Jiang Chen had given Donghuang Taiji a shock and he was totally convinced by Jiang Chen. It seemed like only Donghuang TaiA who was still in seclusion could possibly compete against this devil.
But even then, it seemed like even Donghuang TaiA could hardly constrain Jiang Chen from Donghuang Taiji’s perspective.
The light of the sword turned dull while Luo Qinghe fled helter-skelter with a tensed face.
“Ghost Shadow Slash!!”
Luo Qinghe launched a strike once again while Jiang Chen was rushing at him. He steeled himself, intending to suppress Jiang Chen completely. Otherwise, his life would get tougher and miserable.
“This guy is truly terrifying. But I am going to treat this seriously now.”
Qu Tianshu looked awe-inspiring. From the beginning, she just treated Jiang Chen as a talented genius but she had realized that Jiang Chen’s real strength was not inferior to those strong masters after watching this battle. He was even way stronger than some sect elders.
A series of devil shadows and sword lights penetrated the heavens and earth. Jiang Chen remained calm and unmoved in all directions and the Fire God Guards’ kept alternately advancing and retreating perfectly which put Luo Qinghe into a difficult predicament. Together with the Twelve Fire God Guards, Jiang Chen confronted Luo Qinghe and he even gained the upper hand over Luo Qinghe.
“That guy from the God Luo Clan is too weak, he can’t even deal with a guy at the Heavenly God Realm. It seems like you are not as strong as what I had thought. Hahaha.”
Dou Ling said in disdain, all the while casting awful and ruthless tricks when dealing with Luo Xingran as showing kindness and sympathy to the lady would spoil his plan. He would never make this kind of silly mistake. The Dou Formation Technique was launched again, restraining Luo Xingran completely. At this moment, Luo Xingran was slightly flustered as Dou Ling had become more aggressive than her. She would not be able to resist the Dou Formation Technique with her strength alone. Under the shadow of the swords, Dou Ling took the initiative and Luo Xingran was about to be defeated by the formation.
“Where is the arrogance and confidence that you have shown?”
Jiang Chen grinned.
Luo Qinghe had lost the initiative to fight and Jiang Chen was not going to spare his life or give him any opportunity. Jiang Chen was determined to kill him. Or else, he would be the one suffering in the future.
“Kid, do you think that this is all I got as an expert from the God Luo Clan? Humph. It’s too early to count your chickens before they hatched.” Luo Qinghe said in disdain.
“You should feel proud for ending up in this situation. Even if you die, you would still smile in your grave. I have prepared this for the Battle God Clan but now you’ll be the one to go through the trial with me.”
Luo Qinghe pierced through the sky with his sword and flung the Twelve Fire God Guards away. The light of the sword in his hand was growing brighter and magnificent.
“Spirit Transferring Body.”
Dou Ling narrowed his eyes.
“Is it the Spirit Transferring Body of the strong Hierarch experts? It can transfer half of the Divine Strength of a Hierarch to his body, temporarily boosting his strength to a Half-step Hierarch Realm within a short period of time.”
Dou Ling was startled. It seemed like the God Luo Clan had come prepared for this event. Once the Spirit Transferring Body exploded, Jiang Chen would not be able to resist the suppression using his own strength. There was a world of difference between a Late Heavenly God Realm and a Half-step Hierarch. Jiang Chen would suffer a great defeat if they clashed. Even though Jiang Chen was strong enough and tough, it was meaningless in front of an overwhelmingly powerful expert. Every advantage that Jiang Chen has evaporated at this moment.
“It’s unbelievable that this guy used the Spirit Transferring Body because it will cause a backlash towards that Hierarch expert, and that expert could hardly restore the Divine Strength that’s utilized in more than hundred years.
Zi Xi said in a low voice. He doubted that any Hierarchs would be willing to do so in order to help a Divine King expert to complete the transformation of the Spirit Transferring Body.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2644 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2645


The Fear of the Spirit Transferring Body
From the fact that the Spirit Transferring Body could only boost his strength within a short period of time, it could be surmised that he was just acting on impulse. He had brought an exceedingly great harm to that Hierarch expert he borrowed the energy from.
Thus, it could be seen that the God Luo Clan was definitely paying through the nose in order to fight for the God Luo’s Scripture. Generally, Hierarch experts would not simply interfere as the God Luo Clan would not be willing to arouse the wrath of Hierarch experts. It could possibly provoke a world war by doing so.
“Jiang Chen, back off. You can not match him anymore,” said Donghuang Zhuoqing faintly.
However, Jiang Chen looked serious and fearless, holding his weapon in hand. His eyes met Luo Qinghe’s, communicating their strong will to fight.
“A Half-step Hierarch, what can you do with me?”
Jiang Chen’s arrogance was towering into the sky. He was smiling coldly and stared at Luo Qinghe, it seemed like he was showing his willingness to have a battle with God.
“Ancient Soaring Dragon Technique!”
Jiang Chen roared furiously and cast the Ancient Soaring Dragon Technique. At this moment, his strength took a jump and was enhanced. With his current power, even a Late Divine King would not dare accept the challenge of Jiang Chen anymore.
“Great. Let’s see who will be the ultimate winner. Hahaha.”
Jiang Chen was not showing a mark of cowardice at the moment. He vowed to fight to the death and he would be the hero in this battle. How could he be afraid of becoming a hero of the world?
“Heavenly Dragon Battle Armour!”
Jiang Chen exerted every trick in his book as he could not afford losing against Luo Qinghe.
Both of them fought in the void with an ear-splitting noise, causing the void to crack within hundreds of miles. Even the air was frozen at the moment. The impact of their continuous collision was extraordinarily strong and horrifying. However, none of them gained the upper hand. Even though both of Jiang Chen’s strength and body were strong enough, he had to admit that he could hardly resist Luo Qinghe’s attacks directly after he became a real Half-step Hierarch. Without the protection of the Heavenly Dragon Battle Armour, he would have already suffered a severe injury.
Hence, Jiang Chen took every step cautiously and treated every clash seriously. Luo Qinghe had become stronger with the help of the external force. While the Spirit Transferring Body had boosted his battle strength to another level which he wouldn’t be able to reach previously.
“Hahaha. You’re still too young to fight me. Next is your time of death.”
Luo Qinghe soared high into the sky and his aura had reached its peak. There was a huge gap between the Half-step Hierarch Realm and the Divine King Realm. Most importantly, the Origin Qi connecting the world had reached the level which could devour the world at the moment. No one who was above the Hierarch Realm would be a match to him.
“Three Thousand Flames Dragon Seal!”
There were countless flames of the dragon running wild as the thunder and lightning continuously surged forward in the sky. It had wrapped Luo Qinghe completely. The dreadfulness of the Three Thousand Flames Dragon Seal was imaginable. However, Luo Qinghe made a perfect escape from the fire and struck Jiang Chen. The Twelve Fire God Guard has suffered serious injury and their body was covered with countless wounds.
“He’s too strong.”
Jiang Chen thought. The moment he tried to raise his head, Luo Qinghe had approached him and the sword was seemingly falling from the sky and was about to hit him from all directions.
Fortunately, Jiang Chen was able to resist the attack with the Heavenly Dragon Sword, but he was thrown out eight hundreds miles away. And there was a crack left on the Heavenly Dragon Battle Armour.
“Jiang Chen, you have to go now. You will never be his opponent.” Zi Xi said it and gritted his teeth.
At the moment, those who dealt with Luo Qinghe would be dead for sure. It was not that they were acting mean and selfish, but even Zi Xi himself could not resist Luo Qinghe’s attack, not to mention Donghuang Zhuoqing and the rest of them. None of them had expected the battle to go on like this and it was an incredible miracle that Jiang Chen could hold on until now. Jiang Chen was merely a Late Heavenly God after all.
“Just go to hell now!”
Luo Qinghe swept through the sky and everything around was destroyed at once. The dust in the entire Saint Soul Mountain was rising in all directions and trembling wildly. Jiang Chen was suppressed under the edge of the sword. He cut across the sky like a kite with broken strings.
Most of them had fallen into despair. Luo Qinghe was invincible and unbeatable at the moment, it was absolutely impossible for Jiang Chen to strike back now.
At the moment, the Heavenly Dragon Battle Armour had fallen apart and at the same time, Jiang Chen suffered severe wounds.
“Is there anyone who could fight me now? Hahaha.”
Luo Qinghe was extremely arrogant but it’s reasonable because his power was irresistible, even he could hardly control himself from being overbearing. A Half-step Hierarch was way superior than Jiang Chen, which was another level that Jiang Chen could not simply cut through.
“Is Jiang Chen dead now?”
Donghuang Taiji said and gritted his teeth.
“No, he will not simply die.”
Long Xinghua said in a low voice. He was like a rebirth phoenix in the fire, so it is impossible for him to die easily like this.
“Jiang Chen, are you still alive?”
“No matter if you’re dead or not, let’s see who could save you this time.”
Luo Qinghe struck out his last strong blow and broke through the void. The ashes and dust had risen from eight hundred feet and five thousands of broken stones. The entire universe was spinning around and turning over, it was like the end of the world.
After the strike, everyone stared at Jiang Chen silently. None of them dared to imagine whether Jiang Chen survived or died.
Zi Xi remained silent, Qu Tianshu and Donghuang Zhuoqing were the same. Even if Jiang Chen was a civet cat with nine lives, the chances of his survival were still slim.
“Leave quickly. You guys are not qualified to stay here anymore.”
Luo Qinghe took a cold glance at Zi Xi and the others. He did not plan to kill them all as it was not a way to settle everything. It was a crucial step to bring honour to their God Luo Clan and prove their mightiness. Moreover, they were disciples of the Qilian Boundary’s great sects and one of them is the son of the Reverend of the Nine Boundaries. He did not lose his mind at the moment. It was totally enough to beat the dog before the lion since most of them were not life-threatening to him.
Donghuang Zhuoqing and Zi Xi gazed upon each other, they were unwilling to leave simply like this. But there was nothing they could do at the moment. It would be meaningless for them to stay here since Jiang Chen was dead now. Fortunately, the people of the God Luo Clan did not attack them, so they survived. Otherwise, their lives would be at stake if they continued staying in this place.
“When there’s life, there’s hope. Let’s go now.
Donghuang Zhuoqing gritted his teeth. This was probably the most annoying moment in his life, but he could do nothing with it since they were incompetent. Even Jiang Chen who was a talented genius was defeated badly and died.
“Jiang Chen, it’s time to say goodbye to you now. If there is a chance in my lifetime, I will not spare their life.”
Long Xinghua gritted his teeth in anger and her eyes were bloodshot. Without Jiang Chen, she would have died several times.
“It is probably the most terrible battle in our Qilian Boundary.”
Zi Xi shook his head and felt deeply grieved. Everyone stepped backward and left slowly. They were not qualified to stay here anymore and most importantly, the Warrior’s Gate sounded like a Coward’s gate at the moment.
Even though they were not willing to admit that, they were badly defeated when they chose to leave. They were not qualified to be called a warrior.
“Dou Ling, it’s your turn. Humph. That little kid is already dead now.”
Luo Qinghe narrowed his eyes and took a gaze at Dou Ling. He was unwilling to fight to the death with him as both sides would definitely have a huge amount to lose. It would be better for him to demand Dou Ling’s surrender now.
“It means nothing to me. Do you think beating the dog before the lion is effective to me? It’s just an act of a coward. Just crop off my head if you are capable. By then, I will be greatly convinced.”
Dou Ling, who’s dressed in white, soared highly into the sky and remained calm. He had never been afraid of Luo Qinghe.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2645 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2646


Bloody Battle
“Really? Since you’re not letting that casket go, we’ll have to resort to arms. Xingran, get ready, kill without mercy!”
Luo Qinghe and Luo Xingran pointed their blades towards Dou Ling.
“You think you’re invincible after killing a trash? Why don’t both of you try whether you can break through my Chaotic Eight Trigram Formation?”
Dou Ling then instantly summoned his formation with heaven and earth as the base and the five elements and eight trigrams as support. He planted it before the battle, which threatened Luo Qinghe and Luo Xingran.
“To think you’ve planted this formation earlier, calculative. However, let’s see whether you can stop me.” Luo Qinghe rushed and ignored the Chaotic Eight Trigrams Formation.
The formation was like a spiderweb and suppressed Qinghe. Xingran gasped and her expression slightly changed. However, Qinghe wasn’t harmed by the formation and tried, again and again, to break through the formation but to no avail. Their expressions finally became ugly.
“Huh, this is nothing to be proud of, to use a formation to defeat the enemy! I refuse to believe that you can stall me forever!” Luo Qinghe sneered but Dou Ling ignored him.
“Why do you think you can best me? When you can’t even break through my formation.”
Dou Ling’s arrogance was on par with Luo Qinghe.
“The water from the Luo River comes from heaven!” Luo Qinghe once again tried to break through the formation.
However, at this moment, Dou Ling moved and took control of the Chaotic Eight Trigram Formation, forming a world within the formation, sealing off all the energy from the outside world. The duo was then pushed back again.
“Take my blade!” Luo Qinghe knew that it’s pointless to hesitate anymore, it’s time to unleash his full strength.
The Chaotic Eight Trigram Formation that was under Dou Ling’s control managed to suppress the duo. However, he suffered an injury as he had to protect the formation and took the powerful blow upon himself.
“Let’s see how long you’ll last, I refuse to believe that this formation is without a weakness.”
Luo Qinghe couldn’t break through the formation on one go so he focused his attacks on one of the bases of the formation relentlessly. Dou Ling was frustrated by his action as he may not be able to take control of the situation if he doesn’t defend it.
“Damned fella, halt! Battle Formation Technique, Change!”
Dou Ling once again used the Battle Formation Technique and countless origin energy windblades formed within the formation. Xingran wasn’t able to evade them and was severely injured.
“Xingran, be careful!” Luo Qinghe roared.
However, he couldn’t stop Luo Xingran from dying as she fell from the Chaotic Eight Trigram Formation.
“No….” Luo Qinghe roared in pain.
He rammed on the formation as he was filled with anger and pain, blood could be seen flowing down from Dou Ling’s lips. Both of them would suffer if this goes on.
Luo Qinghe rammed on the Chaotic Eight Trigram Formation like a mad bull, disregarding his injuries, trying to break through the formation no matter what, for the sake of killing Dou Ling.
“I will kill you, I will kill you. Dou Ling!”
Luo Xingran was his lover, they were together for a hundred years. Luo Qinghe was utterly angered by Luo Xingran’s death. Nobody could stop him now as he was like a violent beast, trying to break through his cage.
*Roar*
Dou Ling frowned from Luo Qinghe’s roar.
Not even the Chaotic Eight Trigram Formation could kill Qinghe and the latter managed to break through the formation and went into a melee with Dou Ling, both of them fought against each other without holding back.
“Do you think you’re the only one with a trump card? Let me show you mine.” Dou Ling sneered, as he gasped for air. His sleeves were dyed red with his blood. He seemed somewhat demonic, accompanied by his deep blue eyes, he gave off a true demonic feel.
“Spirit Transferring Body!” Dou Ling roared as his aura filled the air, the land below the Saint Soul Mountain began to quake.
“Let’s see who’s stronger!”
Luo Qinghe did not have anything holding him back anymore. Both of them were Half-Step Hierarch, the energy they released could easily destroy the Warrior’s Gate.
“F*ck off!”
A powerful sword strike split the land apart.
Dou Ling and Luo Qinghe were both severely injured after countless clashes, both of them gasping as their expression became pale.
Injuring the opponent while also harming oneself. It was a true bloody battle!
“Hand over the God Luo’s Scripture, otherwise I’ll really kill you.”
Luo Qinghe’s eyes were filled with rage, it felt like he was prepared to unleash a kamikaze rush.
“Do you think I’ll hand it over to you? The God Luo’s Scripture? Haha, Don’t think that if there’s the word God Luo in it that it’s yours to take. Hilarious. Hahaha.” Dou Ling was never afraid of Luo Qinghe.
Both of them were similar in strength, it doesn’t look like any of them will fall if this continues.
“Kakaka, this is amusing, amusing! I don’t even feel like coming out when you guys are fighting this delightfully. Kakaka.” A powerful figure appeared in the sky.
Both of them looked up in surprise.
“You? To think you’re back to die, hmph.” Dou Ling harumphed.
That person was the Formation Demon, Bai Qi, who ran away earlier.
“That was just one of my clones. This is my true body. I say… what’s so precious that it even attracted the Battle God Clan and God Luo Clan. Looks like I’ve made the right decision to come back. Now, you guys should be worried about your safety and not me.”
Bai Qi stood with his arms crossed as he looked down proudly. Dou Ling and Luo Qinghe were incredibly weakened, there’s nothing for him to be afraid of. Moreover, he’s a Peak Late Divine King, not even if they joined hands could they defeat him.
“This God Luo’s Scripture shall be mine, Formation Demon Bai Qi, to take.”
“Really? Let’s see whether I agree to it or not.” Jiang Chen smirked as he patted away the dust on his body.
He stood up from the wreckages with his eyes filled with murderous intent!
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2646 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2647


Faces Went Pale
“You… you… you’re still alive?”  Luo Qinghe was shocked.
He thought Jiang Chen was more than dead. However, Jiang Chen crawled out from the rubbles. Even Dou Ling was shocked too.
“You… this fella, you’re hard to kill.” Luo Qinghe cursed.
“It’s not easy to kill me. You can’t even defeat Big Yellow and you wanna fight me?” Jiang Chen’s eyes became cold as he was dead set on killing.
“Today, all of you shall die.”
“You’re on your last leg, what do you have left? Hmph, I’ve already killed you once, there’s no problem for me to do it the second time.”
Luo Qinghe and Jiang Chen stared at each other, as imaginary sparks burst forth between them.
“Great, all three of you shall become mine.” Formation Demon Bai Qi sneered.
Jiang Chen calmly picked up his blade, his aura changed. At this moment, he wanted to kill everyone, nobody could get away.
“I heard that the dragon ball is in your possession? Let’s see who shall have the last laugh.” Dou Ling squinted his eyes.
The four parties stood against one another, all of them were confident with themselves. Formation Demon Bai Qi was in his true body and was confident that he would reign supreme.
“Do you think that tattered body of yours has what it takes to fight me?” Formation Demon Bai Qi looked at Jiang Chen with disdain.
The current Jiang Chen was definitely the weakest. He almost died earlier too. What does he have to defeat them all?
“Take this.” Bai Qi sneered.
A punch from a Peak Late Divine King instantly flew towards Jiang Chen and the latter flew back from the force.
“Worthless.” Formation Demon Bai Qi shook his head as his disdain towards Jiang Chen deepened.
Jiang Chen slowly stood up with blood flowing down from his lips, he sneered:
“Let the last person standing have the last laugh.”
Jiang Chen instantly took a dozen regenerative pills. His strength recovered by half with the help of the wood spirit’s regenerative abilities. Plus, at this moment, he felt that his strength was rising, as if it was about to break through.
“This is it.”
Jiang Chen looked up towards the sky, lightning clouds gathered.
“How can this be? What is this Heavenly Lightning?”
Everyone looked up to the sky, Dou Ling and the others frowned. The trio felt unsettled as the Heavenly Lightning appeared.
“Isn’t this Warrior’s Gate an independent space? How can there be Heavenly Lightning here?” Formation Demon Bai Qi murmured quietly.
The independent Warrior’s Gate by right should be cut off from the outside world. Yet, for a Heavenly Lightning to appear now… it means that someone’s trying to break through.
“Something’s wrong.” Dou Ling said.
Jiang Chen used the Azure Dragon’s Five Steps and reached the sky.
“It’s you, to think you’re trying to break through now? Hahaha, this is hilarious.” Luo Qinghe completely looked down on Jiang Chen.
He’s definitely seeking to die by trying to break through at this moment. He was already on his last legs but he still wanted to battle all of them. The rest of them only needed to attack him and he’ll perish without a doubt.
“Really? Let’s see who’s going to cry later.”
Jiang Chen ignored the rest of them as lighting came crashing down from the sky. The trio dared not to face the might of the Heavenly Lightning and quickly retreated.
Jiang Chen stood in the middle of all that.
“How can a mere Heavenly God Realm’s Lightning Tribulation be this scary?”
“One Drought Heavenly Lightning. It’s the One Drought Heavenly Lightning that not even Divine King Experts may encounter. This fella is dead. Hahaha.”Luo Qinghe laughed.
“Such a terrifying Heavenly Lightning… wow.” Dou Ling gasped.
Jiang Chen was calm in the face of the Heavenly Lighting. Bai Qi instinctively shook his head. It would be Jiang Chen’s death the moment the lightning struck.
Jiang Chen looked up with a calm smile.
“I wish to fuse this lightning, who dares disturb me?” Jiang Chen’s expression became solemn.
The One Drought Heavenly Lightning was much more powerful than the Nine Stars Heavenly Tribulation Lightning. Jiang Chen stood below the clouds without fear, even in the face of that devastating power.
The moment the One Drought Heavenly Lightning struck Jiang Chen, it blinded everyone, the trio quickly covered their eyes. Jiang Chen would probably be reduced to dust when the lightning struck.
However, the unimaginable happened, Jiang Chen didn’t die under the One Drought Heavenly Lightning. As a matter of fact, he was pretty calm and composed. The moment the lightning passed through his body, a perfect cycle had gone through his body. The trio were dumbfounded.
“Impossible, that’s a Heavenly Lightning, not even I could be that calm in front of it, I must be dreaming.” Dou Ling said in disbelief.
“Oh my god, he’s not afraid of the Heavenly Lightning?” Formation Demon Bai Qi gasped.
“I must be seeing things.” Luo Qinghe murmured.
At this moment, Jiang Chen held the Nine Stars Heavenly Tribulation Lightning in his left and the Dawn Sky Golden Lightning in his right palm. The two lightning slowly fused together.
“That’s… Dawn Sky Golden Lightning?”
“Nine Stars Heavenly Tribulation Lightning?”
The fella must be mad, to fuse two lightnings together, that’s akin to suicide. One may not kill you, but the explosive strength of two would even put them in a dangerous situation. They were threatened by Jiang Chen, the explosive power from the fusion of the two lightning will certainly give them a fatal injury.
“You’re already scared from just the fusion of two? Won’t you guys be pissin your pants if I fuse another one?” Jiang Chen smiled.
However, he would also not fool aroun, as this was his first time seeing the One Drought Heavenly Lightning. First, he’ll fuse the Nine Stars Heavenly Tribulation Lightning and Dawn Sky Golden Lightning, only then will he be able to fuse the One Drought Heavenly Lightning into it, which should reduce the difficulty of the process.
Since, the explosive power of the fusion of two was enough to startle them.
The moment Jiang Chen caused the One Drought Heavenly Lightning to fall, their eyes became red.
“Motherf*cker! Is he planning to fuse three together? Is he mad?” Dou Ling shouted as his expression changed continuously.
Not even Hierarch experts could save them if he fused those three together.
“Since you guys like to watch, then, once would be enough. Let’s see who’s going to stop me with the fusion of three…”
Jiang Chen stood proudly in the sky as the One Drought Heavenly Lightning passed through his body and fused into the lightning fusion. Luo Qinghe, Formation Demon and Bai Qi’s became pale.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2647 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2648


Chapter 2648
Qingcheng Appeared
“Jiang Chen, let’s sit down and talk, don’t do stupid stuff!” Luo Qinghe said, shivering.
He couldn’t take it anymore if Jiang Chen really fused the third lightning. Nobody could survive the blast radius of the three lightning fusion, at least, in 10,000 li radius, all life would be vanquished.
Luo Qinghe never expected Jiang Chen to have such a card. He did not expect Jiang Chen to have the capability to fuse three Heavenly Lightnings, he had never heard of this method, even as a joke.
“Jiang Chen, you’re mad!” Dou Ling roared as his heart trembled.
Formation Demon Bai Qi too looked at Jiang Chen, praying. Their expression became pale. The destructive force of the fusion was unimaginable. Jiang Chen stood in the sky like the lord of all being, with three lightnings in his hand.
“I don’t want this jade box anymore, Jiang Chen, I’ll give it to you. Don’t do anything stupid.” Formation Demon Bai Qi almost cried.
He never planned to have his true body to come here but for the Ice Sea Divine Dragon Palace to appear in the Thunder Rush Sea, great treasures must be within the place, he then decided to come after contemplating the risk and reward, to gain some of the treasures that were in the palace. However, he did not expect that the most negligible Heavenly God fella would be able to put him so close to death, and to almost make these experts piss themselves.
“This fella is truly talented… monstrous… to fuse Heavenly Lightnings, I’ve never heard of it…” The Kraken murmured as he retreated far away from Jiang Chen, shivering.
A Heavenly God fella unleashing such a powerful technique, this would certainly shock countless Divine Kings and Half-Step Hierarchs.
“Everything should end.” Jiang Chen said coldly.
No one below the Hierarch Realm would be able to withstand this fusion of three Heavenly Lightnings. Even Hierarch experts would suffer a heavy injury if they take it head-on. No matter how powerful these guys were, Jiang Chen was confident that he could eliminate them all here and then.
The Dawn Sky Golden Lightning, Nine Stars Heavenly Tribulation Lightning and One Drought Heavenly Lightning! The moment those three fused, Jiang Chen felt a devastating, destructive energy within his hands, not even he could control it once it was unleashed.
“Death is your only choice.” Jiang Chen said coldly and calmly.
He then released the Heavenly Lightning from his palm, like a deathly blossoming lotus flower, nine-coloured petals bloomed, the Heavenly Lightning flower blossomed and burst towards its surroundings.
The trio gasped as their expression became pale. The most cowardly one, Formation Demon Bai Qi, thought that he could use his trump card and become the final winner. But he wasn’t able to do anything and was locked away by Jiang Chen, not allowing him to run away.
Formation Demon Bai Qi used everything he had, trying to get away with countless formations buffing him. However, all of those formations became nothing the instant that lightning exploded. Those formations were like paper, being shredded apart and Bai Qi shattered into nothingness.
Luo Qinghe even unleashed the Spirit Transferring Body, however, his almost Hierarch Realm strength couldn’t withstand the terrifying explosive lightning energy. It immediately engulfed the trio and he too fell without him able to do anything against it.
Boom!
The surrounding area of the Saint Soul Mountain was levelled into a flat land.
Jiang Chen could feel the dragon marks within his body growing exponentially. His strength also had reached the Half-Step Divine King Realm. He had gained quite a lot in this battle. He’s one to save up in the time of need and it was only reasonable for him to gain such an exponential leap.
Jiang Chen’s expression was pale, as the fusion of three lightnings was too much for him. The divine origin energy within his body was almost spent. He then grabbed Formation Demon Bai Qi’s spatial ring and the jade box was in his palm.
“Finally, I’ve found you.” Jiang Chen smiled.
He didn’t know what’s in the jade box. It’s surely important if an expert would grab it tightly in his hand even after death.
As the dust settled, Jiang Chen saw a person. It was Dou Ling that was covered with blood and his appearance in tatters.
“Jiang Chen, I have to admit that you’re pretty mad. However, I can still easily beat you down.” Dou Ling gritted his teeth and said.
He almost died earlier, however, that spine suddenly unleashed a powerful energy into his body, the bone of his ancestor helped him withstood that attack. In addition to the 9 layers of formation protecting his body, he managed to live through it. Dou Ling still suffered tremendous damage, much more than Jiang Chen. He too was at the end of his road.
“You’re still not dead from that? Hmph, you’re pretty lucky.” Jiang Chen said coldly.
“Now, let’s see whether you can withstand my attack next.”
Dou Ling and Jiang Chen stared at each other, only the two of them were left in this Warrior’s Gate.
“I won’t die but you may not survive.” Jiang Chen smiled confidently.
“He’s right, you must die.”
A white figure appeared behind Dou Ling, her eyes were cold and beautiful.
“Who are you?”
Dou Ling’s pupil contracted as he turned back immediately. A beautiful woman appeared before his eyes.
“There’s no need for you to know who I am. Give me the God Luo’s Scripture, otherwise, you’ll die a much more pitiful death.” The woman said.
This person was Yan Qingcheng who was with Jiang Chen in the Tian Qi Mountain Range. However, she still doesn’t recognise Jiang Chen and was cold as usual. But it doesn’t look like she’s aiming for him.
“Your reinforcement is too weak. A woman, you think you’re a saviour? haha.” Dou Ling said proudly as he looked down upon Yan Qingcheng.
Yan Qingcheng did not speak another word. She has already reached the Mid Divine King Realm. Jiang Chen did not expect her to progress this fast. Plus, he felt somewhat threatened by Yan Qingcheng.
“Noisy.” Yan Qingcheng said coldly with her beautiful lips.
“Buddha’s Palm!” She launched a palm strike.
Dou Ling’s expression instantly changed, he couldn’t evade it. Not even aLate Divine King could take it head-on. Jiang Chen came from behind and cut Dou Ling with his Heavenly Dragon Sword. The spine and God Luo’s Scripture then fell into his hands.
Dou Ling finally died.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2648 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2649


Chapter 2649
Because of Love
Yan Qingcheng looked at Jiang Chen and said indifferently:
“Give it to me, you saved me before, I do not wish to kill you.”
Jiang Chen looked at Yan Qingcheng, feeling a bit sad. Things have become different. She does not recognise me anymore and I will never let go of her. Although he did not know why she had forgotten about him, there must be a reason for it.
“I’ll gladly die in your hands. It’s better than others doing it, it’s better to die in the hands of a great beauty.” Jiang Chen smiled.
“Slippery tongue, I’ll only give you one chance. Otherwise, don’t resent me for being ruthless.” Yan Qingcheng’s brows showed a tinge of anger.
Jiang Chen saved her before, it was a fact. Therefore, she did not want to make him become her enemy. However, she must obtain God Luo’s Scripture.
“Why don’t you tell me why you’ve become like this? I’ll give you the God Luo’s Scripture and even my life for that.” Jiang Chen’s eye shone brightly, yet it’s not known whether she could feel it.
“Since you’re so stubborn about it, I’ll just have to kill you.”
Yan Qingcheng did not want to see Jiang Chen being that way. No matter how much love he’s showing, it was useless for her.
“I will never kill you even if the heavens and the world have fallen.”
Jiang Chen’s words once again irritated Yan Qingcheng. This fella is a true madman.
“Then, die. I must have the God Luo’s Scripture!” Yan Qingcheng rushed.
Jiang Chen’s expression changed. He knew that she wasn’t joking and she’s powerful to boot, similar to Dou Ling. He couldn’t estimate how powerful she has gotten, but she definitely is.
Jiang Chen swallowed a dozen replenishing pills and recovered half of his strength. At the moment, he’s able to go toe-to-toe against a Divine King after he reached the Half-Step Divine King Realm. However, he won’t raise his hands against Yan Qingcheng as she’s the one he loved.
“Buddha’s Palm!”
Yan Qingcheng unleashed a fury of terrifying plam strikes. Jiang Chen dared not to take it lightly and retreated, only defending without attacking.
“Such a terrifying Buddha’s Palm, what technique is this? Is there any relation with her palm techniques with Li Zongheng?” Jiang Chen frowned as he got curious.
However, he could only tread carefully in the face of Qingcheng’s violent assault.
“I dare you to not evade.”
Yan Qingcheng’s attack was vicious. Jiang Chen evaded her graceful yet vicious attacks and grabbed her arm in his palm from behind. Yet, she wasn’t taking any of it and retaliated.
Her beautiful face was filled with murderous intent as she kept on attacking with precision and viciousness. Jiang Chen who did not unleash the Dragon Transformation was pushed to a corner.
Jiang Chen had never felt this pressure, he feared that he may accidently harm her by unleashing too much force. Yet, his opponent wasn’t holding back and each of her attacks were lethal, Jiang Chen had his hands full on evading her attacks, yet he was still smiling amidst all of this. That was love.
“Scram!”
Yan Qingcheng found an opportunity and landed a palm strike on Jiang Chen’s chest. The latter flew backwards while coughing a mouthful of blood, yet the smile was still hanging on his face.
“To think you can still laugh, I’ll make sure you’re going to cry later.”
Yan Qingcheng’s eyes were filled with anger and Jiang Chen’s smile was suddenly gone.
At this moment, Jiang Chen did not evade it and rushed towards Yan Qingcheng’s attack. He suffered a blow from her and his expression became pale as his injuries worsened. However, he did not stop and unleashed the Dragon Transformation after he passed by Qingcheng, putting her behind his back as a giant flame dragon burst forth from the ground, its target was Qingcheng.
Jiang Chen roared and pulled out his blade. His blade will never be pointed towards his loved ones. Only his enemies have that privilege.
Jiang Chen suppressed his injuries and withstood the flame dragon’s tackle, Jiang Chen was then engulfed by flame.
At this moment, Yan Qingcheng turned back and realised that Jiang Chen took that blow for her. She could’ve been the one engulfed by that flame now if it wasn’t for him.
Yan Qingcheng was confused, lost at that moment. This fella, who and what is he? Could it be that there’s something between us?
Yan Qingcheng looked up again and saw Jiang Chen come out from the flame. His whole body was covered in injuries after being engulfed in flames. Not even the Five Elemental True Fire was able to protect him completely.
“Such a terrifying dragon flame!” Jiang Chen looked up.
The one who attacked was a Flaming Mad Dragon. The dragon was a thousand zhang tall, towering the sky, circling around the Saint Soul Mountain. It was a dragon spirit, not a genuine dragon. However, this dragon spirit was at the Hierarch Realm. Jiang Chen was shocked, what kind of dragon is this?
“Puny fella, you dare possess that atlas? The God Luo’s Scripture is ours, the Dragon Clan. Give it to me.” Flaming Mad Dragon said with peerless vigour and might.
This was Jiang Chen’s first time experiencing such a terrifying dragon prestige. This was the strongest dragon he has met so far, a true dragon from the Dragon Clan.
The Flaming Mad Dragon spew out true flames that then engulfed the land, engulfing Jiang Chen and Yan Qingcheng in the process. Jiang Chen roared while unleashing his own dragon prestige.
“Five Elemental Trigram Fire Formation!”
Jiang Chen covered both of them within the formation. The Five Elemental Trigram Fire Formation felt like it was burning up, as if it would shatter at any moment. Because this dragon spirit was too powerful, a Hierarch Realm Dragon Spirit…
“Why did you save me? I’m trying to kill you and yet you saved me again and again.” Yan Qingcheng couldn’t take it.
“Because, I love you.” Jiang Chen said with a smile, though that smile was kind of forced as the Five Elemental Trigram Fire Formation could be broken at any moment.
“That’s all?” Yan Qingcheng suddenly felt lost.
“I believe that I can replant the seed of love even if you’ve wiped it away.”
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2649 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2650


Buddha Long Xiang, Nine Dragons Above the Skies
Jiang Chen remained calm even though the Five Elemental Trigram Fire Formation shattered on the very next second. Flaming Mad Dragon’s roar was ear-splitting as he spews out his dragon breath.
“I do not like owing to others.” Yan Qingcheng said as she formed hand seals with her slender fingers.
“Ten years serving for all living beings, thirty years ferrying all the buddhas and dragons, hundred years serving all living beings, thousand years for many Daos and buddhas! Buddha Long Xiang, form!”
After the incantation, Yan Qingcheng formed a hand-seal and a thousand zhang tall Buddha Long Xiang emerged and  the Flaming Mad Dragon.
Golden light radiating from it and it felt like it was unstoppable.
“This…”
Even Jiang Chen went silent, isn’t this just terrifying? Qiancheng ah Qiancheng, what did you go through? What did you do in this Divine World? This Buddha Long Xiang alone could fight against all opponents, akin to the palm strike of Buddha, one that could devastate the heavens and earth, who can stop it?
“To think it’s Buddha Long Xiang? Little Girl, who are you?” Flaming Mad Dragon roared, as flame rose and his eyes shone brightly.
Unfortunately, Buddha Long Xiang was pushed back and shattered into pieces after his tackle. Yan Qingcheng coughed out blood and fell to the ground.
Jiang Chen’s pupil contracted as he quickly grabbed Yan Qingcheng. Buddha Long Xiang was definitely powerful but she couldn’t control it and the divine origin energy needed to maintain it was extremely vast, her energy was instantly emptied from summoning it. How could it fight against a Hierarch Realm dragon spirit?
“Are you alright?”
Jiang Chen looked at Yan Qingcheng as he tightly grabbed her palm. He then slowly looked up with his cold sharp eyes.
“F*cking dragon, I’ll cut you down today!” Jiang Chen roar reached the sky.
Even Yan Qingcheng was slightly shocked. The current Jiang Chen was like a peerless demonic god. One would shiver from the aura oozing out from his body. Although he’s not powerful, his gaze even caused Flaming Mad Dragon to gasp.
“This fella, is he trying to fight me? Keep dreaming.”
Jiang Chen was thoroughly angered. After all, Flaming Mad Dragon had harmed his most beloved one. The dragon can hurt him but not to those he regarded as important, Jiang Chen would definitely be mad.
At this moment, Jiang Chen glanced at the Flaming Mad Dragon, the latter slightly startled.
“No matter how terrifying he is, he’s but a Half-Step Divine King, right? What does he have to face me?” Flaming Mad Dragon thought.
Currently, a figure cut across the Thunder Rush Sea, the whole sky became black, from day into night, the whole Thunder Rush Sea became jet-black.
*Moo.. moo…*
A low and deep soundwave spread across the sea and the fishes and demonic beasts alike below Divine King died.
“Your sword is pretty weird. To think there’s such a thick dragon prestige oozing out from it, colour me impressed. Plus, you can change into that half-draconic form, interesting, pretty interesting. Hehe.” Flaming Mad Dragon sneered as he spewed out flames from his maw, engulfing Jiang Chen with it.
“Those who follow me shall prosper, those who go against me shall die. Heavenly Dragon Sword shall cut a dragon spirit! Dominating the Heavenly Dao, Slaughter!!”
At this moment, Flaming Mad Dragon did not expect Jiang Chen’s blade to be a Primal Origin Treasure. He felt pressured by the blade, threatened. The blade changed into a form of a dragon and flew straight towards the sky, towards him.
Jiang Chen’s figure felt like it was a peerless emperor as he closed in onto the dragon with the blade underneath his feet.
“No… this is impossible!” Flaming Mad Dragon roared as he retreated.
Yet Jiang Chen’s figure and the Heavenly Dragon Sword intertwined. The Primal Origin Treasure Grade blade ignored the Flaming Mad Dragon’s dragon breath. The dragon prestige from the blade was much stronger than the dragon. Jiang Chen’s gaze felt like he was the judge from hell.
The sword fell down, and made ten thousand slashes, dispersing the flame breath. The flame dragon lost!
The dragon spirit of the Flaming Mad Dragon was split in half, a pained roar resounded through the sky as the illusory Flaming Mad Dragon became much more transparent.
Jiang Chen stood on top of the Flaming Mad Dragon’s head and looked down in anger.
“F*cking animal, I shall overpower you with the Heavenly Dragon’s prestige, do you submit?”
Jiang Chen shouted as he slashed upon the Flaming Mad Dragon. The latter felt a sharp pain from it and roared. He never expected the fella to overpower him even though he’s but a Half-Step Divine King.
However, the Flaming Mad Dragon had to admit that Jiang Chen’s blade completely overpowered his attacks and he was afraid of Jiang Chen’s terrifying gaze.
“I, Ao Gufeng, am not afraid of anyone. I’ve already died once. Us nine dragon spirits would’ve never laid low in this land if it wasn’t for the God Luo’s Scripture.” Ao Gufeng said while gritting his teeth.
Although his bones were sturdy, Jiang Chen did not hold back and kept on slashing on his head. Flaming Mad Dragon suffered blow after blow and his spirit weakened by the second.
“Then, die!” Jiang Chen’s angered eyes were filled with murderous intent.
“Big Brother, save me!” Ao Gufeng shouted in sadness as he raised his head.
“Big Brother?” Jiang Chen thought.
Looks like it’s not just one. He suddenly remembered what the kraken said, nine dragons of the Dragon Clan came before them to get their treasures with the help of Qiu Niu. Perhaps, this Flaming Mad Dragon was one of the dragon experts who fell in the Warrior’s Gate, otherwise, a single dragon spirit couldn’t be this powerful. Plus, his dragon spirit was also in pristine condition.
“Human boy, you dare touch the people of my Dragon Clan, you’re thinking too highly of yourself.”
A golden mad dragon flew towards the sky and seven followed him from behind.
“Wind, Fire, Thunder, Lightning, Earth, Wood, Gold, Stone, Jade. It’s certainly the nine true dragons.” Jiang Chen squinted his eyes as a gloomy cloud shadowed his heart.
Nine Hierarch dragon spirits showed up, Jiang Chen’s in a terrible predicament now.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2650 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2651


Qiu Niu, the Dragon’s Eldest Son
The nine dragon souls were all in their Hierarch Realm. Undeniably, these souls were definitely the nine elders of the Dragon Clan who had defeated the Battle Kingdom hundred and thousand years ago. Ever since then, they had been staying in this place. Nevertheless, the nine dragon souls seemed to still have devastating strength.
“What kind of sword is this? It managed to put the sixth elder in such a difficult situation. His dragon mightiness doesn’t seem weaker than any of us. Is he also a descendant of the Dragon Clan?”
“It’s possible. He even can cast dragon transformation. The dragon breath becomes even more intense and strong after dragon transformation. It’s comparable to mine. Even the usual Dragon Clan might not have such a powerful strength of bloodline as ours.”
“Let’s ask him first before saying so much. This guy is talented. Who knows he might be the descendant of our clan.”
“Even if he is from the dragon clan, he deserves death by showing disrespect to the sixth elder.”
The great elder of the Lighting Dragon Clan, Ao Guyue, muttered to himself for a while then he looked at Jiang Chen:
“Young lad, are you from the dragon clan?”
Ao Guyue’s arrogant attitude had completely irritated Jiang Chen. These bunch of arrogant guys still put themself at such a high position of being a part of the divine dragon clan, don’t they know that they are only some broken souls now? They have lost their past glory.
“Dragon clan? Hehe, I am dismissive of being part of your dragon clan. You guys are already dead for more than a hundred thousand years. Don’t you guys know? What a sad thing to the dragon clan. In the battle, how many people have you guys killed? You have destroyed a prosperous kingdom and killed everyone here for your own selfish desire. What you guys have except greed?”
Jiang Chen’s words were extremely sharp and put the nine elders in silence. Their faces were extremely gloomy at the moment.
“How dare you! You are so ignorant and how dare you ignore our mightiness? It’s so disappointing! Despite having the bloodline of the dragon clan, you never stand along with the dragon clan. Sadly, we must kill him.”
The third elder shouted in a deep voice with soaring anger. The nine dragon souls had already made an unretractable judgement on Jiang Chen and there’s no way to turn back.
“The sword in his hand seems like a good thing that we should keep.”
The fifth elder smiled coldly.
“You’re right. Primal Origin Treasure is indeed a good thing. We might not know when to break the curse if he was not here. Did that attack as strong as an Hierarch’s attack really come out from him? I find it hard to believe.”
The elders of the dragon clan were in an intense discussion as if they were quite interested in Jiang Chen’s death.
“You have done such a good job, so none of us can run away from here now as the nine dragon souls emerged.”
Yan Qingcheng gave Jiang Chen a cold glance and said coldly.
“Others might not be able to survive through this, but my woman will definitely go out alive.”
Jiang Chen smiled. Yan Qingcheng snorted and she was unwilling to talk to him anymore.
“A bunch of shameless old men started yearning for my Heavenly Dragon Sword.”
Jiang Chen smiled coldly and said dismissively. The greedy faces of the elders were really disgusting.
“Don’t talk with him anymore, brother. Just kill him. Humph.”
“Roar…….”
Following the deafening sounds, a bronze coffin stood up from the ground and soared into the sky. The entire place was filled with mists. The nine dragon souls were stunned for a second.
“It’s the princess of the Battle Kingdom. We must kill her. We were almost killed in her hands in the past. Otherwise, Qiu Niu* would not have put us in the curse for hundred and thousand years. We will never forget such disgrace.”
Ao Guyue said with a deep voice. Their battle was heavenly-shaking and earthly-shocking. Nine of them joined hands together to suppress Qiu Niu and they almost killed him. However, he was saved by the princess of the Battle Kingdom and helped him by taking a heavy blow. At the end, Qiu Niu was outraged and suppressed the nine dragon souls with his own body for hundreds and thousands of years. However, Jiang Chen’s Fusion of Lightning accidentally broke the curse and released the nine dragon souls.
Ao Guyue would not forget what had happened. The princess of Battle Kingdom was probably a reincarnation from the ancient ages, otherwise, she would not be capable of withstanding that heavy blow. Qiu Niu definitely knew about this as well.
At that moment, a young talented white-clothed man stood on the top of the coffin. His hands were holding a bamboo flute while his eyes were full of peace. He started blowing the flute and a touching melody came out from it.
“Damn it! The man’s soul is still alive.” The third elder gritted his teeth and said.
“Qiu Niu used to be more powerful than us. If we did not join hands to deal with him, his body would not be shattered.” Ao Guyue said coldly.
No one really knew how strong Qiu Niu was. However, they did not gain the upper hand despite their collaboration. From this, one could imagine how dreadful Qiu Niu’s battle strength was. Right now, Qiu Niu’s soul was reborn together with the coffin of the Battle Kingdom princess. This had made Ao Guyue become more cautious.
“No matter how strong he was, he is only a broken soul now. Why should we be afraid of him? The mightiness of the dragon clan is unbeatable. Show no mercy to whoever stops us. Kill them! ”
The Second elder said with an overbearing manner; his sharp eyes were full of killing intent.
“He has such a high spirit, is he Qiu Niu?” Jiang Chen murmured.
This guy stepped on the bronze coffin while playing the flute that came out as a relaxing melody. He looked like a weak scholar who had no grudge with the world. Jiang Chen could not imagine he had any relations with the mighty dragons’ eldest son.
“Qiu Niu, your soul has not worn away yet.”
Ao Guyue pointed the sword against Qiu Niu while roaring loudly.
The white-clothed guy looked at Jiang Chen, not caring about Ao Guyue at all.
“Your breath is familiar but it’s so annoying.”
The white-clothed man frowned his forehead. Jiang Chen remained solemn. Is it because of the breath of the Ancestral Dragon Emperor?
“Lady, let me borrow your body to revive my wife. This can only be done depending on you as you are the only one who has the Nine Phoenix Saint Body. You might be compatible with my wife.”
As soon as he finished his words, the white-clothed man looked at Yan Qingcheng passionately.
“Your wife has already died.”
“Even if she has died, I will revive her life. I don’t want to kill you and don’t want to hurt you at all. Don’t force me to do so.”
The white-clothed man and Jiang Chen exchanged a glance. Jiang Chen’s stubbornness made him feel very uncomfortable.
“You can only touch her by stepping over my body.” Jiang Chen said coldly.
“Do you know who you are talking to?”
“Qiu Niu, the dragon’s eldest son.” Jiang Chen said.
“Since you know who I am, why do you still dare to go against me? I initially wanted to save you out of here. But you are still so stubborn. Who is this lady to you?”
“She is also my beloved wife.”
Jiang Chen said firmly.
*Qiu Niu: According to the Chinese legend, Qiu Niu is the name of the dragon’s eldest son among his nine sons.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2651 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2652


Out of Hatred
“Who is your beloved wife!”
Yan Qingcheng frowned her forehead and said in an unpleasant way. However, she hated the white-clothed guy more as he intended to use her body to revive his beloved wife.
“Hehehe, she doesn’t agree with what you said.”
Qiu Niu sneered and shook his head, showing his dismissive attitude to Jiang Chen.
“Battle Kingdom has already fallen, but you are still thinking about resurrecting the princess. Qiu Niu, do you really think that you are a Venerable Emperor? You are only a broken soul right now.”
Ao Guyue teased in an ironic way. Qiu Niu’s gaze finally fell on them.
“If this guy did not release you from my curse, when will you have a chance to come out again? I never had any desire to fight with others in the world, why do you want to hurt and frame me? I didn’t kill others but others died because of me. Hundreds and thousands of the people of Battle Kingdom were involved in the misfortune innocently. Even if I die a thousand times, I will not be forgiven. I don’t plan to continue my life today. I want to use my last spiritual strength to resurrect the princess to let her know that this world is not under my world. I don’t want to bear the hatred of this world forever.”
Qiu Niu murmured and said, his eyes were filled with melanchony. The princess passed away with hatred as she thought that Qiu Niu was a traitor who came from the dragon clan. She thought that Qiu Niu was here to join the Battle Kingdom in order to get her father’s God Scripture. This was the reason why the Gate of Warrior would not vanish unless Qiu Niu died.
Qiu Niu had already used up all of his strength to constraint the nine elders of the dragon clan. The Gate of Warrior was sealed by the nine elders as they were determined to have a life-and-death battle, which led to the entire Battle Kingdom being trapped in the Gate of Warrior. Everyone and everything were turned into ashes. Qiu Niu’s hatred was completely a result of the nine elder’s provocation.
“Humph. Such nice words you have said. Since you are born in the dragon clan, you are supposed to do something for the dragon clan. Your identity has already determined your fate. You’re just a scum if you don’t fight for the dragon clan.”
The third elder shouted angrily.
“Hahaha. Is that the biggest joke ever? Dragon clan? You guys, as the elder of the dragon clan, have you ever seen me as part of the dragon clan? Has anyone here ever said something good about me before? In the dragon clan’s eye, the nine sons of the dragon are just some abandoned sons. However, you guys still try to puppeteer us, don’t you? Since the dragon clan don’t recognise me, why do I need to recognise the clan? It’s too easy for me to kill the nine of you, old things. So what if you’re all God Emperors? You’re still under my suppression for more than a thousand years. What can you do to me? Even if the Lord of Heavens stopped me here today, I would not spare any mercy. Ever since you guys pursued me and intended to kill me, I am no longer part of the dragon clan,” Qiu Niu said arrogantly.
“I have never been a part of the dragon clan.”
Qiu Niu felt bitter in his heart. He could choose anything in his life but not his background. Being born in the dragon clan was something out of his control. The identity was both a glory and a shame.
“The dragon emperor has nine sons, but each of them are ugly in nature. You are not supposed to live in the world. Humph.”
Ao Guyue waved his sleeves and ignored what Qiu Niu had said. Even Jiang Chen heaved a sigh for Qiu Niu. Qiu Niu was indeed quite pitiful as he was misunderstood by everyone. That was why he was filled with hatred now. Even if he had already become a divine soul, he still couldn’t escape the misfortune. At this moment, Qiu Niu’s fighting spirit rose, his eyes were especially filled with blood. Jiang Chen shook his head as he knew that Qiu Niu was completely devoured by hatred.
Qiu Niu only wanted to resurrect the princess of Battle Kingdom, to let her know how hard he had been working to suppress the nine dragons throughout these years. He wanted to prove to her that he was not a traitor. Moreover, he also suffered from the anger of the people of the Battle Kingdom. Qiu Niu’s soul was in incredible pain throughout these years.
“His soul does not belong to him anymore.” Jiang Chen said in a deep voice.
Qiu Niu was still living not only to suppress the nine dragon elders, but also to cleanse the grievances he had been suffering. However, he was no longer the kind and peaceful young man who had no grudge against the world.
Although Qiu Niu looked smart with his white clothes, no one could understand the pain he had suffered.
“No one can stop me, otherwise, I will kill you. Since I was able to suppress you for hundreds and thousands of years, I can also shatter your souls. You are going to vanish from the world forever.”
Qiu Niu was oppressive and he pressed against Ao Guyue and the others. Ao Guyue’s countenance fell as it was extremely difficult to deal with Qiu Niu. If they really fought head on, they might not be able to gain the upper hand at all.
“Qiu Niu, don’t forget that you are still from the Dragon Clan even if you don’t want to admit it. Do you really want to go against the dragon clan even after you die? If the God Luo Spriture falls into other’s hand, the consequence is unimaginable. We have gone through so much to prevent the crisis, in order to get the God Luo Scripture. We are just one step away from the God Luo Scripture now, but you are still trying to stop us.”
Ao Guyue did not want to have a life and death fight against Qiu Niu, otherwise, they might not even have the chance to leave this place with their souls. If they could return to the dragon clan, they would still have the chance to rebuild their body due to their high cultivation realm. God Emperor was not an easy cultivation realm that everyone could reach. They would not gain any benefit if they continue to deal with Qiu Niu.
Being suppressed for thousands of years had already been a great reminder to them. That was why Ao Guyue was not willing to bet again. He was worried they would wast all of the effort they had put in before.
Moreover, there were another eight brothers standing behind Ao Guyue. A thousand years ago, nine of the emperors all died and had fallen here all for the God Scripture. It was a massive loss to the dragon clan. Now, this was the only chance for them to return to the dragon clan.
“Only if I could resurrect the princess, I would only be immortal. No one can stop me and I am going to destroy everything. Gate of Warrior, invincible expert.”
Qiu Niu said oppressively. He’d still fight for his wife. It’s really admirable.
Jiang Chen looked at Yan Qingcheng. He would not let anyone touch his beloved wife as well. Even though he might be killed, he would also fight until the end.
“We only want the God Scripture. If you can help us get it, we will also help you resurrect the princess. If you want to resurrect the princess alone, I am afraid you might need to sacrifice your own soul. There are no benefits if all of us suffer great damage. So what if you defeat us? Would you be able to resurrect the princess alone?”  Ao Guyue said.
He wanted to pull Qiu Niu into his team, otherwise, the consequence would be tragic. They were unwilling to accept that.
They had been defeated once in the past. They did not want to repeat history today.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2652 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2653


Never Give Up
Even though Ao Guyue and the others were not weak, avoiding a fight was the best and safest strategy at this moment. Otherwise, they would surely end up with the same result even if  they’ll eventually defeat Qiu Niu. It would still be impossible for them to obtain God Luo’s Scripture and leave this place alive.
Neither friends nor rivals are everlasting, only profits. By facing the absolute profit, he had sufficient reason to persuade Qiu Niu. Moreover, Qiu Niu would realize that it would definitely be profitable to him if he would not act a fool. It was not necessary for all of them to launch a war, and it would be a happy ending.
Ao Guyue believed that Qiu Niu would be moved by his words for sure according to his thoughts and dedication at the moment. Most importantly, even though Qiu Niu wasn’t in his best state right now, he would still be able to distinguish right from wrong. He was just having a single-minded will to resurrect his wife.
Qiu Niu fell silent as there was reason in what Ao Guyue had said. If they could help each other and bury the hatchet, perhaps things would not be as complicated as what they thought.
“We should just help each other and stay out of each other’s way. It is not as easy as what you thought to kill us, and it is even more difficult to destroy you. As members of the Dragon Clan, it would be ridiculous to the outsiders if we kill each other. We should at least show some respect and trust in each other right? Both of us had already suffered a great loss previously, why should I be afraid if we fight again? But things are not as simple as what you thought. We can obtain what we need effortlessly. And we are fighting the same enemy, the young guy who has a trace of the dragon clan’s aura, but he’s not from the real Dragon Clan.”
Ao Guyue said slightly. It seemed like he was trying to persuade Qiu Niu with some sensible reasons which made Qiu Niu feel interested and moved.
Jiang Chen gritted his teeth and said with a snort:
“Stupid bastard, how dare you incite Qiu Niu to stir up a fight. You’re such a despicable guy from the Dragon Clan. It’s really eye-opening.”
“They want to kill you and then use my body to resurrect the dead princess of the Battle Kingdom.”
Yan Qingcheng raised her pretty eyebrow slightly and said in a low voice.
“It’s an Energy Recovery Pill.”
Jiang Chen tossed her ten Energy Recovery Pills directly. Yan Qingcheng was startled, but still clenched it tightly.
“Why do you want to save me at the risk of your life? Do you think that I deserve this.”
Yan Qingcheng felt puzzled and doubted. Jiang Chen had laid down his life for her several times and he even gave up the Great Bright Lord’s Relic in the past. The Relic was within his reach but he did not even bother about it.
“Great. It’s a deal.”
Qiu Niu and Ao Guyue looked at each other and an agreement was reached eventually. Qiu Niu knew that Ao Guyue was telling him the truth, this was the best opportunity for the both of them. Besides, it would not be difficult for them to deal with Jiang Chen, a Half-step Divine King.
“Hahaha. Fine. Qiu Niu. Once I got the God Luo’s Scripture, our Dragon Clan will be grateful for your help and I will definitely reward you for your contribution when I return to my Dragon Clan. Being acknowledged by the ancestor and returning to the clan is the best thing after all.”
Ao Guyue burst into laughter and said. Jiang Chen’s glare had become extremely cold and gloomy. Ao Guyue and Qiu Niu had driven him to the edge of the wall in this battle. In this hopeless situation, how could it be possible for him to compete against these nine Reverends when he was merely a Half-step Divine King? How could he resist the son of the Dragon, Qiu Niu?
“Put down the God Luo’s Scripture and release the lady. Perhaps I might spare your life and let you leave here alive since we share the same blood. Although I am not sure whether you’re really part of the Dragon Clan, however, I also don’t want to kill a person from our Dragon Clan.”
Ao Guyue pretended to be a just and generous person.
“Haha. What a hypocrite. Do you still remember that you’re from the Dragon Clan? Will the Dragon Clan really kill thousands of innocent people in a war? How could the Dragon Clan kill the son of the Dragon by foul means? Dragon Clan just sounds dignified and awe-inspiring but they’re really not. Just kill me if you want. I will never allow anyone to judge me.”
Jiang Chen said in a low voice. His eyes swept over the surroundings with a cold glare while Qiu Niu’s eyes were growing gloomy and cold.
“You’re digging your own grave. Humph. Why are you still listening to his nonsense, brother? I can’t wait now. He didn’t even show mercy to me in our fight earlier. My dragon’s soul was badly damaged, thanks to him. How should I clear this matter up and confess to the ancestor of the Dragon Clan if this kid is not killed today.” Ao Guyue said with a smile.
“Great. Let’s fight if you say so. I will never bow my head even if I die. Bringing your wife back to life by sacrificing my lady, you’re just kidding yourselves. I will not regret my decision even if I die in battle today. I swear not to surrender.”
Jiang Chen soared to the sky with his sword and flew in the void. He looked extremely cool while Ao Guyue and the other dragon Elders and Qiu Niu were all well-prepared for the fight.
“Since you insist on dying, don’t blame us for not showing mercy. Our Dragon Clan is not despicable and mean, and I already gave you a chance to decide but you didn’t appreciate it.
Ao Guyue said with a slight smile. They were approaching Jiang Chen slowly.
The aura of the elders and Qiu Niu blotted out the sky, covering the sun completely. Jiang Chen and Yan Qingcheng were wrapped utterly.
“Solitary!”
Jiang Chen used his Dragon Transformation immediately. Under the transformation and solitary, the shadow of his sword pierced through the sky. However, it seemed vulnerable and harmless to the ten Hierarchs with the soul of the dragon. The shadow of the sword was destroyed in a twinkling of an eye, Jiang Chen was defeated and his face was ghastly white.
“Buddha Long Xiang, appear!”
Yan Qingcheng exerted a tricky skill directly without any hesitation. Buddha Long Xiang made the sky and earth tremble, but it was still meaningless in front of the Hierarch experts. It was easily torn down and was soon devastated completely. This was the first time Jiang Chen felt so hopeless and impotent as these ten Hierarch Realm experts were just formidable and unbeatable. They were really powerful experts. The strength of these ten Hierarch Realm experts was unimaginable.
“Destroy the city!”
Jiang Chen roared wildly and looked ferocious. He tried to hold Yan Qingcheng back but she was like a kite with a broken string, falling but was thankfully caught by Jiang Chen.
“They are way too strong.”
Yan Qingcheng’s eyes looked dreadful and grieved. To describe it more precisely, her face was crumpled with despair. They seemed like a weak baby waiting to be fed in front of those ten Hierarch Realm experts.
Jiang Chen’s eyes turned gentle, and a smile was plastered on the corners of his lips.
“Don’t worry. I will never let anyone hurt you unless I am dead.”
Yan Qingcheng was startled, her eyes were filled with tears at this moment.
Jiang Chen stood up slowly. He had to fight to the death as a man and he will not give up until the last moment. However, this was probably the last card in his hand now.
“It’s time to cast the Ghost Prison Ashura Sword Formation.”
Jiang Chen’s eyes turned exceedingly cold and awe-inspiring. Ten Hierarch Realm experts in the form of dragon soul, so what?
Even if you’re invincible and unbeatable, I would never surrender! I swear to fight to the death until the last moment for the woman I love.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2653 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2654


Fighting Ten Hierarchs Alone
Up until now, Yan Qingcheng had only seen Jiang Chen’s gentleness and kindness. But at this moment, Jiang Chen turned and drew out his sword, he was ready to fight to the death.
The only thing Jiang Chen could do at the moment was to cast the Little Ashura Sword Formation after a series of great transformations.
Due to the lack of strength, his previous Ghost Prison Ashura Sword Formations could only be called the Little Ashura Sword Formation. But this time, he formed the real Ghost Prison Ashura Sword Formation using one hundred and eight Heavenly Divine Tools. Even Jiang Chen himself wondered how strong the formation was.
Before they started the battle, Jiang Chen was making hay while the sun shines. He had already laid the great formation in the entire Saint Soul Mountain and even Dou Ling was not aware of it. The main purpose that Jiang Chen prepared and hid the greatest formation was as a safe bet. But at the moment, he was not sure if he could defeat all of those ten Hierarch strong experts even though he was full of confidence to compete against them. However, he had burnt his bridges behind him and he got no choice at the moment. Jiang Chen could only bite the bullet and fight till the last moment. Only the warrior was a  hero!
The ten Hierarch experts took a step forward. The universe was shattered and fell apart while the void was torn up to pieces. Jiang Chen dared not to treat them easily and took the ball before the bound. The Ghost Prison Ashura Sword Formation was immediately spread out and the entire Saint Soul Mountain was completely covered. The one third of Jiang Chen’s Divine Origin Strength was drained in a blink of an eye, making him look gloomy. This was truly terrifying. The Ghost Prison Ashura Sword Formation was consuming a huge amount of his strength. Even taking Energy Recovery Pills constantly and recovering his strength with Wood Spirit’s recovery capability, his energy was still drained rapidly. He could hardly maintain a perfect condition.
Launch the greatest formation and rise the wind!
The place was fully covered with dust and sand. One hundred and eight Heavenly Divine Tools were towering the sky like hundred and eight comets surging into heaven. Even Jiang Chen was completely astonished to watch this happen. The sword formation was formed and the Heavenly Dragon Sword was like an ancient Azure Dragon sweeping through the ages and engulfing the universe. The Ashura Sword Formation was launched, thousands of swords were flying high above and piercing through the heaven.
“This sword formation was too terrifying, but I cannot feel that the crisis is approaching.”
“You’re right. This sword formation is truly terrifying. It is really impressive to see this perfect, magnificent formation that was formed by a hundred and eight Heavenly Divine Tools.”
“I could have destroyed it with a finger in the past.”
“But we should not take this lightly now. The sword formation is not ordinary and I believe that sword that is filled with the dragon’s aura is definitely a Primal Origin Treasure.”
The Sect Elders of the Dragon Clan were all well-prepared for the fight. At the moment, Jiang Chen’s Ghost Prison Ashura Sword Formation was not inferior to all of them.
“It sounds quite interesting. Killing you now will give me a sense of accomplishment.”
Qiu Niu said it coldly. He could only see Yan Qingcheng in his eyes now as she was his only target. Jiang Chen’s life was totally meaningless to him.
“It is useless, you’re way over your head.”
Qiu Niu soared into the sky once again and swore to break this sword formation.
“Just give it a try. I wonder if you guys could break through my formation.”
Jiang Chen roared fiercely. He was determined to kill these ten Hierarch experts. Their dignity of the Sovereign remained the same even though they had been dead for over hundred thousands years. An ordinary Divine King or even a Hierarch would have surrendered earlier, but Jiang Chen would never bow his head.
Yan Qingcheng watched all of these silently. It was impossible to remain unmoved. This guy made a forcible entry into her heart and it was getting harder to kick him out.
“A hundred and eight Heavenly Divine Tools, you’re truly impressive. Who could imagine a Half-step Divine King to own such a great amount of formidable weapons. Even a Hierarch expert or the greatest sect will not put such a great effort.”
Yan Qingcheng looked solemn. However, it would drain Jiang Chen’s energy by controlling such a formation. All of his Divine Origin Strength and Qi essence would be exhausted. In order to resist the ten enemies, what he needed to do was not merely exerting a formation but he had to be drawn up for the battle. Otherwise, he would not be able to show his actual strength and mightiness even if the formation was strong enough.
Jiang Chen looked calm and unmoved. He was slightly relieved at the moment as he could rely on the Ghost Prison Ashura Sword Formation now. The shadows of the swords which were irresistibly strong had run through the Ashura Sword Formation. Even Jiang Chen himself was shocked, it was definitely impossible for anyone in the Hierarch realm or below to survive in the formation. Even a Half-step Hierarch Realm expert would be immediately torn out and chopped into the meat mud.
At the moment, Jiang Chen held the whip. The mightiness of the Ashura Sword Formation had made the Sect Elders and Qiu Niu realize what a real formidable skill was once again. He was merely a Half-step Divine King Realm kid but he managed to fight against ten Hierarch experts until now by just a sword formation. They could not help to feel astonished.
A gleaming cold line had become the main color of the entire Saint Soul Mountain. The cold gleam and swords’ shadows were devastating, piercing through the mountain which made enemies pale. Nevertheless, they were still the Hierarch experts after all, but Jiang Chen dared not to underestimate the ten greatest Hierarch Realm experts. Even one of them could suppress him with strength alone. However, Jiang Chen was the one and only king in this formation.
The shadow of the sword was blurred and the cold gleams of light appeared. There were countless shadows remaining in the void. The speed and power of the ten greatest Hierarch experts were resisting the Ashura Sword Formation intensely. Jiang Chen looked extremely serious. The sword formation changed constantly, which made it irresistible and unbeatable. The mountains and rivers within three thousands miles were destroyed and the universe was torn apart. The Ashura Sword Formation was devastating the world with countless of sword’s shadows.
“It is way too strong. Even though the sword’s shadow cannot kill us immediately, it is basically impossible for us to resist them since they’re rapidly increasing. This guy is absolutely despicable and annoying.”
“Shut up. It’s not the time to fool around, we must hit with all our strength. Or else, none of us could save you.”
“The only chance to win is to unite and try to destroy the formation together.”
“I agree with that. Even if his formation is strong enough, the one who is controlling the formation is merely a rubbish of the Half-step Divine King Realm. If all of us join hands and attack at the same point, we can definitely make him lose control of the formation.”
Everyone nodded their heads. At that moment, Qiu Niu was nodding his head silently and joined them.
The ten Hierarch experts were striking out wildly and Jiang Chen was aware of it. Ten Hierarch experts joined hands and struck out, surging toward the formation directly. Although Jiang Chen was well-prepared for this, he was forced backwards for eight hundreds feet away after resisting the strong impact. He was spurting blood insanely and his face was ghastly pale.
Jiang Chen wiped off the blood on the corner of his mouth and soared into the sky once again. He controlled the formation and turned the formation. Even though the formation was hit and trembled immensely, it did not collapse after the strong impact.
“Myriad Swords Return Art! Destroy the sky!”
There were countless swords raining toward the ten of them. They dared not to act arrogantly but focused on dealing with it. None of them was letting their guard down.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2654 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2655


Break the Formation
“Please continue, I would like to see how long this guy can sustain. With such a huge consumption of strength in casting this formation, I guess he will use up all of his Divine Strength soon.”
“Haha, you’re right, third brother. I don’t believe that he could do anything to us if we continue attacking like this.”
“Even though he is capable, he will still die. My emperor’s mightiness would not be invaded.”
Everyone paid full attention and kept attacking against the sword formation. The huge impact repulsed Jiang Chen again. His body was now covered with blood. Yan Qingcheng shivered while looking at the scene. Doesn’t he want to live anymore?
The corner of Jiang Chen’s mouth became colder as he did not have a choice at all but move forward.
“Then let’s see who can last longer”
Jiang Chen took another ten Energy Recovery Pills. His strength recovered in addition to the effect of the Wood Spirit, so he had not fallen into a complete passive position yet in the battle.
“Stop for a while.”
Jiang Chen sneered while his eyes looked fierce.
“Finally, I can cast out the Dou Formation Technique this time.”
Jiang Chen pointed his fingers to the sky and the sky immediately changed colour. Under enforcement of the Dou Formation Technique, the Ashura Sword Formation became more powerful. It was at least seventy percent more powerful than before. The Ghost Prison Ashura Sword Formation suddenly became a true killer that ruled over the world under heaven. The sword qi was filled with killing intent and kept crashing against the opponent. The formation became irresistible with its massive sword shadows.
“This…… This guy has the secret technique of the Battle God Clan—Dou Formation Technique!”
“Battle God Clan was one of the ancient clans. Never expected that the Dou Formation Technique would be revealed to an outsider. It’s disappointing.”
“Be careful. We definitely can’t break through this formation now. Each of the sword shadows that came out from the formation pose a great threat to us now. The weapon that managed to strengthen this formation is the Primal Origin Treasure that has the dragon qi. The lethality it poses to us is unbelievably terrifying.”
Even Ao Guyue’s countenance fell immediately. They felt the incredibly great threat from the Ashura Sword Formation after it was enhanced by the Dou Formation Technique.
“Ten Reverends, so what? You guys are now trapped by my formation.”
Jiang Chen smiled coldly, but he also started becoming weaker.
Jiang Chen knew that his divine strength would be used up soon and that would be the time he passed away. The ten all lived up to their name and each of them were unparalleled strong sovereigns before they died.
“Hurry up! Leave the Gate of Warrior.”
Jiang Chen gave Yan Qingcheng a glance to signal her to leave. If Yan Qingcheng didn’t leave the place, he would not feel relieved at all. Moreover, their target now was Yan Qingcheng. Jiang Chen would not let her fall into the predicament.
Yan Qingcheng frowned her forehead and stared at Jiang Chen.
“No.”
“Why? If you don’t leave now, I am afraid that I won’t be able to protect you.”
Jiang Chen looked at Yan Qingcheng. Has this stubborn girl finally remembered me?
Nevertheless, Yan Qingcheng remained calm and said:
“We come and leave together. If I leave now and you die, I will definitely regret it.”
Yan Qingcheng’s words made Jiang Chen speechless. She said ‘I will definitely regret’ but not ‘I will definitely be heartbroken’. Jiang Chen knew that he was still only a passerby in her life.
“Leave now!”
Jiang Chen shouted in anger. Under the Dou Formation Technique, the Ashura Sword Formation consumed too much of his strength. Jiang Chen’s face looked terrible and his eyes seemed cold. However, Yan Qingcheng remained unmoved.
“Don’t shout at me!”
Yan Qingcheng stared at Jiang Chen.
Jiang Chen had no choice but to continue pestering Yan Qingcheng because his current situation was very dangerous. If the situation continued like this, he would be drained up by Ashura Sword Formation sooner or later. Although the Dou Formation Technique helped to boost the Ashura Sword Formation, it took too much Divine Origin Strength. It’s not easy for him to control the sword formation without any flaw due to his limited cultivation realm.
Jiang Chen gritted his teeth tightly. The sword shadows remained irresistible in the formation and kept making the enemies drop their jaws.
“If things continue to be like this, we will be tortured to death by this guy.”
“We must find a way out. Otherwise, we are going to fail again this time.”
“I don’t want to get killed by a young guy like this. I am an emperor of the dragon clan.”
“It’s not okay if we continue to be like this.”
Each of them kept discussing. Jiang Chen was nervous but they were also nervous as they did not know how long Jiang Chen could sustain while Jiang Chen also did not know how much strength they had to withstand the formation.
“I somehow still can control this Gate of Warrior. This would be our last chance. By that time, the formation will be weakened for a while, we seize the chance to break the formation.”
Qiu Niu said with a low voice. He used to be able to fully control the Gate of Warrior, but now his strength was too weak. In comparison to those sovereign emperors, he was too fragile. It would be their chance when there’s a subtle flaw occuring in the formation.
In fact, Jiang Chen had already used up half of his strength.
“Gate of Warrior, I am going to live forever!”
Qiu Niu opened his eyes wide and grasped his fist tighty. Suddenly, something changed between heaven and earth. There was a shock in the Gate of Warrior. Jiang Chen carried a frown in his forehead. His determination came to an end at the moment. The Ashura Sword Formation was weakened due to the shock.
“Now’s the time!”
Ao Guyue shouted in rage. No one would like to die in Jiang Chen’s formation like this, especially these elders of the dragon clan. If they were really defeated by Jiang Chen, they would feel too shameful.
Ao Guyue and others used up their last strength and joined hands with Qiu Niu to break through the Ashura Sword Formation when a flaw occurred in it. They swore to shatter Jiang Chen’s Ashura Sword Formation.
Jiang Chen could feel the determination of the ten experts. At that moment, he had already been exhausted and even the Energy Recovery Pills were unable to recover the injury he suffered. He looked aged like an old man right now, his face was full of wrinkles. His hair had turned white and he had lost his young appearance.
Roar!
The formation was broken and there were ten figures emerging in the sky. Each of them looked exhausted as they all suffered severe injury. However, Jiang Chen’s condition was more critical than them and obviously he came to the edge of his life.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2655 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2656


Come! Pagoda!
Jiang Chen’s qi was getting weak, weaker than all of them expected.
“Are you alright?” Yan Qingcheng asked in a somewhat worried tone.
Jiang Chen kneeled with one knee with his blade supporting his body. He then slowly stood up with a smile, yet one could definitely see the lethargy on his face. Yan Qingcheng felt extremely sad for him.
“Cough I thought I’m hurt pretty badly. But it looks like he’s in a much worse condition than us after unleashing that sword formation. Haha.” Fourth Brother sneered.
Jiang Chen was now at his weakest point, even a gust of wind could cause him to tumble.
“You’re the strongest Half-Step Divine King I’ve ever seen. Such talent would also be regarded as the one of the best even in the immemorial times.” Qiu Niu said with a tinge of shock in his eyes.
Jiang Chen still lost, how could he overpower 10 Hierarchs alone?
“I have not lost!” Jiang Chen’s gaze was firm.
The whole Warrior’s Gate felt like it shook once and caused a flaw in the formation. But if it did not, Jiang Chen could’ve brought all ten of them down with him.
Although he lost honorably, it was still considered as a loss. There’s nothing left in his body, potential, energy, spirit, everything gone, he’s like a dried wood.
“Indeed, a great emperor’s aura. It’s a pity that you still have to die. Those who stand before the might of the Dragon Clan shall be killed without mercy!” Ao Guyue said
“Die!”
Flaming Mad Dragon flew up towards the sky and attacked Jiang Chen.
“You’ll have to get through me first.” Yan Qingcheng did not hesitate in standing before Jiang Chen.
Yan Qingcheng was then pushed backwards. She landed beside Jiang Chen after taking on the tackle of the Flaming Mad Dragon. At that moment, he could feel her lifeforce flowing out from her body.
“Bastard! F*ck off!”
Qiu Niu threw a powerful punch, pushing the Flaming Mad Dragon back. She would’ve died if it wasn’t for Ao Guyue.
“Qiu Niu! What are you doing?!” The fifth brother shouted.
“What am I doing? He almost killed that woman with that attack, you’re asking me what am I doing? My Princess Bingling will lose all hope if she dies. At that moment, I want everyone of you to die with her. I’ll even shatter your spirit, to forbid you the chance to reincarnate.” Qiu Niu’s anger reached the sky.
The others instantly became silent. The Flaming Mad Dragon was originally aiming towards Jiang Chen but nobody expected the girl to stand in front of him.
Jiang Chen’s arm was shivering, his eyes were red. Yan Qingcheng’s life was seeping out from her, although she’s not dead but god knows how long she can last…
“You… Why are you this foolish? Why did you have to take it for me? Why!” Jiang Chen said in sadness, yet he couldn’t shout it out loud no matter what.
“Because I do not wish to owe anyone.” Yan Qingcheng smiled, albeit forced.
Her face was pale, it’s like a flower that was wilting, a flower  losing its lifeforce.
Jiang Chen’s eyes became moist, his heart became as hard as steel. Why, why couldn’t I protect the one I love?
“Hand her to me, I’ll make sure that she lives.” Qiu Niu said, his gaze was fixed on Yan Qingcheng.
“Boy, quickly hand over the God Luo’s Scripture, otherwise, you’ll die a worse death compared to her.” The  Third Brother sneered.
Jiang Chen laughed miserably with Yan Qingcheng in his arms as he felt her lifeforce dripping away by the second. Not even his wood spirit could do anything to stop it. An attack from a Hierarch towards her was able to put him in such despair.
“There’s only one chance for her to live. This is your only chance.” Qiu Niu looked at Jiang Chen.
Jiang Chen slowly looked up and gazed towards Qiu Niu and the nine dragon elders. At that moment, his gaze seemed like that of a demonic god, filled with deadly murderous intent that would make everyone afraid. Nobody would’ve expected that the ten souls would feel a tinge of fear deep within their heart.
“I want this Heaven to change to my will. I want this Earth to crumble to my will!”
Jiang Chen’s voice was like a murmur. Yet the ten of them felt the sadness from it, especially Qiu Niu, he felt extremely comfortable. He had seen that gaze once before. It was in the ancient time, far far away, one that he couldn’t recall where or when it was.
Jiang Chen slowly stood up like a peerless demonic god. At this moment, he’s not himself anymore.
“Brothers, quickly kill this ape before anything goes wrong.” Ao Guyue said.
Qiu Niu felt something was amiss too. All of them prepared to kill Jiang Chen with their combined effort.
A strand of grey hair appeared on Jiang Chen’s hair, his face was filled with wrinkles, his gaze was like an immemorial spirit, it was scary.
“Die!!” Ao Guyue attacked first.
Jiang Chen was thrown back by the combined attacks of the ten. Yet, mysteriously, he stood up again, slowly.
“I want all of you to accompany her in death!” Jiang Chen’s gaze was like a sharp blade, without a shred of emotion, the sky was filled with thunderous anger.
“Come! Pagoda!”
There was nothing in his mind now, he only thought of the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda, only the pagoda could have the chance to overpower these ten Hierarchs. However, the pagoda could not be found, but he could only think solely of the pagoda now.
His voice reached thousands, millions and billions li away, reverberating through the skies of the supreme heavens.
“Trying to act mysterious, but you still must die! Everything will end once you die.” Ao Guyue sneered.
On a desolate mountain billions li away, a black-robed man who was holding on a giant metal pole suddenly looked up, his fiery eyes piercing through the sky.
Because, at this moment, the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda in his possession suddenly trembled.
The black-robed man’s eyes burned much brighter and his heart trembled.
The black-robed man held the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda. However, he could feel the terrifying energy coming from it, even he couldn’t control it.
The next second, the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda flew up towards the sky!
“Bastard… Little Chen, I knew it, you’re still alive!” The black-robed man gritted his teeth and said, his eyes became coldly.
He was none other than Dragon Shisan.
On top of the skies of the Northern Cold Divine Region, a golden ray of light became a mystery of all the experts.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2656 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2657


His Happiness Had Never Left
“Pagoda, come!”  Jiang Chen’s voice reverberated through the skies.
“Not even the greatest god himself could save you even if he comes.” Qiu Niu said in disdain as he threw a punch.
Jiang Chen shifted his gaze and stood up with difficulty even though he was heavily injured.
“Ancestral Dragon Pagoda shakes all! All shall kneel!” Jiang Chen shouted as a golden pagoda gigantified itself, unleashing a golden brilliance and dragon qi.
As if it had covered the whole Warrior’s Gate.
“This… this… what is this treasure?” Fifth Brother’s expression was pale.
This terrifying prestige caused him to feel that his soul was getting crumpled, a binding and shock that comes from deep within their soul.
*Thump*
The ten Great Hierarchs were all suppressed and forced to kneel on the ground. It was a suppression that comes from deep within their soul that they had never imagined.
“Is it a great senior from the Dragon Clan?” Ao Guyue gasped and felt the aura from the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda, feeling both sad and happy.
“This pagoda, is this from our Dragon Clan?”
“Such a powerful dragon aura, not even our Patriarch from the past has such terrifying aura.”
“I can feel my soul being shackled down. It must be a great senior from our Dragon Clan, who is this fella?”
Ao Guyue and the others didn’t know whether they should feel happy or sad, as they who were the Emperors and Elders of the  Dragon Clan got suppressed by another dragon, not being able to lift up a finger.
Jiang Chen controlled the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda, like a peerless battle god, with might that couldn’t be stopped.
“Fath… it’s him? Impossible, this is impossible!”
Qiu Niu’s body shivered, he refused to believe the situation. After all, the Ancestral Dragon Emperor should’ve died in the battle in the past. How could he have survived? Nevertheless, it was his father’s aura, he would never have mistaken it.
Qiu Niu couldn’t have imagined seeing his own father in his lifetime. Although he did not know what divine treasure that was, he could definitely feel his father’s, the Ancestral Dragon Emperor’s aura.
“Suppress them!” Jiang Chen roared as he wielded the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda.
The ten Hierarchs were suppressed by the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda, their aura weakened and their face paled.
“Show mercy!”
Jiang Chen frowned and his anger slowly subsided as he wielded the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda. The ten of them were pushed to the brink of death by Jiang Chen.
“Bunch of bastards, the honor of the dragon clan has been tarnished by all of you.”
The illusory form of the Ancestral Dragon Emperor appeared. The nine dragon elders and Qiu Niu looked at the Ancestral Dragon Emperor.
“It’s really you…”  Qiu Niu murmured in disbelief, however he finally saw him, that unqualified father.
“You’re… Lord Ancestral Dragon Emperor?” Ao Guyue had seen the statue of the Ancestral Dragon Emperor in the forbidden land of the Dragon Clan, the figure in front of them was the same as the one on the statue.
“And you call yourself a part of the Divine Dragons, I am truly disappointed.”
Ancestral Dragon Emperor sighed, as he did not feel anything positive towards Ao Guyue and the others.
“Lord  Ancestral Dragon Emperor, you must save us, you’re our saviour. Lord Ancestral Dragon Emperor, the fate of the Dragon Clan is in your hands. ” Ao Guyue said with extreme excitement.
From his point of view, they would be alright now that the Ancestral Dragon Emperor had appeared. The other elders were also excited. The Ancestral Dragon Emperor was the head of the immemorial Dragon Clan. Not even the Great Elder that was on the upper-echelon of the late Immemorial age had once seen the Ancestral Dragon Emperor. Yet they managed to bump into him here.
At this moment, no one dared to cause any trouble as the Ancestral Dragon Emperor was their Dragon Clan’s most supreme existence. The Ancestral Dragon Emperor was still alive, if this news were to be sent back to the Dragon Clan, the whole Divine World would surely change.
However, the Ancestral Dragon Emperor turned his gaze towards Qiu Niu. Since, no matter how bad he was, he’s still his child.
“Child.”
“To think you still have a slither of soul remaining.”
Qiu Niu’s eyes were cold. Looks like their relationship wasn’t great. Since, none of the nine sons of the dragon were like their father. Each and every one of them were great evils. Although Qiu Niu was considered to be one that never disputed with others, he too was considered to be one of the nine great evil beasts by countless others.
“It’s all my fault. Jiang Chen, can you forgive him for my sake?”
Ancestral Dragon Emperor felt like he got older by a great margin as he looked at Jiang Chen with slight pleading eyes.
Jiang Chen became silent. He had to admit that it was all thanks to the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda that he could reach such height, the Dragon Transformation Art played a great part too and the Ancestral Dragon Emperor saved him before. Jiang Chen couldn’t ignore the Ancestral Dragon Emperor as he’s one to repay kindness, otherwise he couldn’t regard himself as a human anymore.
“However, they killed my beloved wife.” Jiang Chen said with murderous intent.
“I do not need your pity. Why should I need a father that never once cared for me? Hahaha, keep that fake act of yours, Lord Ancestral Dragon Emperor.”
At this moment, a white figure slowly moved towards them from the mountain. A person that was as beautiful as Yan Qingcheng.
“Bingying…” Qiu Niu’s eyes were filled with tears as he cried like a baby.
“I can save your wife, I hope you’ll forgive my husband.” Princess Bingying looked at Jiang Chen.
Jiang Chen, startled.
“Can you really save my beloved wife?”
Princess Bingying smiled and slightly nodded. She then turned towards Ancestral Dragon Emperor and said:
“Lord Father.”
The Ancestral Dragon Emperor silently nodded.
“Bingying, you…” Qiu Niu looked at her in disbelief.
He never expected her to be this tender towards him.
“I’m already done through it. I understood your meaning when I chose to die alone. However, my citizens of the Battle Kingdom were driven to death by injustice. How can I, the princess of the Battle Kingdom, be safe from it all? The one that caused their deaths were the nine bastard dragons, not you, you’re but a piece in their plan. You can live but I won’t be able to face my citizens anymore. Now, my tattered soul can save her life, it should be able to earn some good karma for this,” Princess Bingying murmured.
At this moment, the nine dragon elders exhibited an awkward expression. Because they could feel the anger of the Ancestral Dragon Emperor and the hatred of Princess Bingying.
“No, you’ll never be able to reincarnate.” Qiu Niu’s expression changed.
All of this was too sudden, his happiness felt like it had never left. To think that all those years he was blindly guessing. Princess Bingying had already forgiven him long ago.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2657 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2658


It Was an Independent World
“At this moment, I hope you understand that your obsession will only bring harm to you. Ah Niu, I love you. It’s because of your noble, pure and upright quality. However, I do not like the current you, and I never will. Obsession has swallowed your conscience, consigning you to eternal damnation.” Princess Bingying said.
Qiu Niu felt ashamed after hearing it. Yeah, since when did I become this selfish? The me in the past would not do this.
“But… I do not wish to leave you. Ying Ying, if I am to be left alone, what difference does it have if I die?” Qiu Niu smiled bitterly.
“Fate rises and perishes, everything has its own course. I die, perhaps, I could live in another form. If I continue living, then, perhaps, I would thoroughly die.”
Princess Bingying said and looked at Jiang Chen:
“Please, believe me, I will save your wife.”
Jiang Chen did not have a reason to not believe her as that was his only hope.
Jiang Chen suddenly turned around, Qiu Niu, Ancestral Dragon Emperor and Princess Bingying were the same too.
Jiang Chen knew that these nine dragon elders must be killed. He must avenge Yan Qiucheng, for Princess Bingying.
“You guys have done all kinds of evil deeds, billions of citizens of the Battle Kingdom were killed because of you all. Trash of the Dragon Clan, today, I shall eliminate you! ” Jiang Chen said as he took a step forward with the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda, the world shook.
“Lord Ancestral Dragon Emperor, save us.”
“I beg you, Lord Ancestral Dragon Emperor. You must save us.”
The nine of them kneeled and begged the Ancestral Dragon Emperor for protection. The latter only sighed in return. Blood for blood, plus, they killed billions of Battle Kingdom citizens, a giant country. No one could wash away such a sin.
“This is your only end, you can only blame yourselves for it!”
Jiang Chen’s Ancestral Dragon Pagoda shone brightly and the nine great Hierarch Realm dragon spirits instantly perished! They didn’t have a chance to fight back. It was a suppression that comes from the soul.
The Ancestral Dragon Emperor silently closed his eyes. He built the Dragon Clan from scratch as the first Dragon Emperor that was born from the world. He had the responsibility to protect the Dragon Clan. However, at this moment, there was nothing he could say. Because, these nine damned dragons massacred a country and all of its citizens.
The Dragon Clan could not face the others if this blood wasn’t paid. Moreover, they destroyed the country of his child’s wife, causing Qiu Niu to bear such grudge for millions of years.
Princess Bingying’s eyes teared up. At this moment, the blood of the subjects of the country was finally paid. Yet, she couldn’t see her father’s figure anymore.
“Lord Father, this proves that I’ve made the right choice, it was all the nine damned dragons fault.” Princess Bingying looked up to the sky and her heart became calm.
Now, she only needs to revive Yan Qingcheng as she’s hanging on a thin thread.
“Yingying…”  Qiu Niu gritted his teeth.
Once Princess Bingying revived Yan Qingcheng, she would perish and there would be no Princess Bingying in this world anymore.
“This is my fate. Ah Niu, rest assured, you’ll forever be my most beloved one in my heart, forever and ever. I’m already dead for thousands of years. You want to revive me but is there any purpose for me to be alive, alone in this world? I will still be alone if it’s without you, what should I do about that? Therefore, stop your obsession, our intertwined fate will be destroyed one day. That is not the end, it’s just our marriage’s fate. Isn’t it the same as death? To live in pain, alone? Hence, do not waste your time anymore, you fool, I’ve never blamed you.”
Qiu Niu wanted to say something but didn’t when Princess Bingying turned around. He was wrong from the start, very wrong, he finally understood but it wasn’t too late, luckily he didn’t make any more great mistakes, otherwise, Bingling would be terribly sad if he used Yan Qingcheng to revive her.
Qiu Niu smiled.
“Father, I’ve never done any dishonorable thing in this life and I’ve never wronged anyone. I am different from the others, not all the nine sons of the dragon are bad. It’s just that I do not wish to quarrel with others, only wanting to live a peaceful life. Jiang Chen, this Warrior’s Gate will be yours, you’ll obtain a great treasure if you manage to take it. The current you may not be able to find out its secrets. But you’ll someday understand this place’s greatness. Perhaps, I’ll become a good man in my next life.” Qiu Ni said as he turned around and scattered into golden sparkles, spreading across heaven and earth.
“Let me exorcise you.”
Jiang Chen wielded the Great Yu Soul Forming Light.
“By returning to what one was is also considered to fulfil the great dao.. This father has never been great to you in this life.” Ancestral Dragon Emperor murmured, his expression was somewhat lonely.
Qiu Niu burnt up his soul and proceeded to enter the cycle of reincarnation, to start a new life.
Princess Bingying did not look back, however, her face was covered with tears.
Jiang Chen did not speak a word, perhaps, this was the best ending. Princess Bingying managed to save Yan Qingcheng and she too was on the verge of dispersing. She then bowed towards the Ancestral Dragon Emperor and dispersed into a blue sparkle. A blue crystal was then imprinted on Yan Qingcheng’s forehead.
“This is something left to me by my mother, it’s indestructible, it will protect you from harm. I hope both of you will stay happy forever.”
“Thank you, princess.”
Jiang Chen bowed towards the blue glows that were floating away. This was his gratitude towards Princess Bingying. This bow was something he should do.
“Senior, what is this Warrior’s Gate?” Jiang Chen asked the Ancestral Dragon Emperor.
“Warrior’s Gate, to think that the Warrior’s Gate would be in his possession. After countless years, the heroes under this heaven since days long past have been searching for this Warrior’s Gate. Although I do not know what this place is, at least this place was able to change heaven and earth. Only a few people from the immemorial times truly understand the Warrior’s Gate. Even Emperor Realm experts have to take this place seriously. I too only heard of it. At least it’s at the same or greater level than the God Luo’s Scripture. Because this Warrior’s Gate was once a complete independent world.”
Jiang Chen was shocked by the Ancestral Dragon Emperor’s words. It was an independent world?
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2658 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2659


You Must Not Face Him
If this was once an independent complete world, then, why and how did it become this broken?
“Could it be a lost world? One that hails from the immemorial time?” Jiang Chen murmured.
He doesn’t know… but how does he keep this thing away?
“This Warrior’s Gate is not that easy to control, not even Qiu Niu was able to completely control it. Otherwise, those nine dragons couldn’t have beaten him.” Ancestral Dragon Emperor pondered.
“Then, could this Warrior’s Gate fit into the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda?” Jiang Chen asked curiously.
Jiang Chen then exited the Warrior’s Gate and tried to fit it into the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda. A while later, he found out that he couldn’t fit it in. The Ancestral Dragon Pagoda was pretty large, it’s a true spatial divine tool, yet it couldn’t fit it in. Now, not even the Dragon Emperor had any idea on what to do.
“Is this Warrior’s Gate so hard to keep? Then, how did Qiu Niu control it?” Jiang Chen frowned.
A true supreme treasure is in front of him yet he doesn’t know how to use it.
“It’s probably because you’re not strong enough. You’ll have to be at least at the Hierarch Realm to have a chance at controlling the Warrior’s Gate. When you’re able to understand ‘law’, a single flower, a single world, a single grass, a bodhi. Probably then, the Warrior’s Gate may not be so hard for you. ” Ancestral Dragon Emperor could only explain it in this way.
Not even the Ancestral Dragon Emperor knew exactly what was the Warrior’s Gate. I’m only a Half-Step Divine King, it’s pretty wild for me to think about controlling it.
Jiang Chen laughed helplessly, slightly bitter. Yet, it was a fact, Qiu Niu who managed to barely control the Warrior’s Gate was an Emperor Realm expert. He, Jiang Chen, extremely far from that stage.
“Warrior’s Gate, to think it’s the Warrior’s Gate. Hahaha, I’m in luck. Master is truly great. Rumours have it that God Emperors would have to be wary about this Warrior’s Gate. Looks like, master would be happy this time. ” A purple-eyed youth rushed through the Thunder Rush Sea with a sharp glow in his eyes.
Then, a sword rain cut through the whole Thunder Rush Sea and sped through the waves. Not even a Hierarch expert could do it this easily yet the youth was able to course through the sea as if it was flat land.
“The qi of the Dragon Clan?” The youth frowned as his expression became serious.
The Dragon Clan only sends out their elites. His sharp intuition immediately sensed the aura of the Dragon Clan.
In front of the Ice Sea Divine Dragon Palace, Jiang Chen and Ancestral Dragon Emperor looked at each other helplessly. Not even the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda could take the Warrior’s Gate.
“Oh right, this Myriad Qi Cauldron may work.”
Jiang Chen said and tried to use the  Myriad Qi Cauldron to take in the Warrior’s Gate, however it failed in the end.
“Not even the Myriad Qi Cauldron could do it?”
Jiang Chen was slightly disappointed. Unfortunately, that was the fact. The Myriad Qi Cauldron and the pagoda failed, he’s out of ideas now.
“Who is it?”
At this moment, Jiang Chen suddenly turned around and saw a purple-eyed youth.
“Lad, is this a place where you should be? You? To touch the Warrior’s Gate? Haha, keep dreaming. Oh? There’s a dragon spirit of the Dragon Clan, pretty good.” The youth said coldly.
“You cannot face him!” the Ancestral Dragon Emperor reverberated in Jiang Chen’s mind.
It was clear that this person was powerful, Jiang Chen’s horizon broadened when he saw how powerful this person was, he’s the strongest person he had met so far, stronger than a Hierarch. The ten great dragon spirits or the Hierarch in the No-Beginning Formation were as powerful as this person.
The energy he had was ginormous. Jiang Chen stood no chance of facing him. He had the heart to fight, but he knew he can’t do anything against him even with everything he had.
“Let go of her.” The youth looked at Jiang Chen and said with a commanding tone.
“Who are you?” Jiang Chen frowned.
Although he may not win against him, he could at least use Great Void Technique and run away with the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda. Yet, this fella was too scary. He had no idea when he offended this person, however, this youth definitely would not agree to it when he wanted to have Yan Qingcheng.
“You do not have what it takes to know.” The youth shook his head and looked at Jiang Chen with disdain. Not willing to speak another word to him.
“She’s my woman, hand her to you? Keep dreaming.”
Jiang Chen said coldly, the youth sneered and said:
“This is my first time seeing such a reckless fool, die!”
The youth simply waved his hand and Jiang Chen quickly retreated as he prepared himself to face a powerful foe.
*Boom*
The Ancestral Dragon Emperor stood in front of Jiang Chen, calmly. The Ancestral Dragon Emperor had used up all his soul energy to withstand that strike.
“Old fella, are you sure you want to get into this? I do not wish to offend the Dragon Clan, but this doesn’t mean that I won’t dare to kill you.” The purple-eyed youth said coldly.
“You’re even not afraid of the Dragon Clan, colour me surprised. But your aura… you should be one of them over there.” The Ancestral Dragon Emperor said indifferently as he stared at the youth.
However, the youth dared not to be reckless as the dragon managed to withstand his strike, he had to take things seriously. A dragon spirit who had died managed to take on his strike, meaning that this person was definitely strong, at least, he must be much stronger than him when the dragon was alive.
“You can feel the qi from me?” The youth looked at Ancestral Dragon Emperor, being wary of him.
“To come from the Middle Region Divine Land, you’ve worked hard. But to take the Warrior’s Gate? You don’t have the qualification to do so. At least, a Buddha has to come.”Ancestral Dragon Emperor said.
Jiang Chen couldn’t understand a single word and had no idea the youth came from. Middle Region Divine Land, the centre point of the whole Divine World. The utopia of all experts, the peak of the Divine World.
“I am Buddha Long Xiang’s eighth disciple, Yuan Cheng. I ask the senior whether you know him? Today, Yuan Cheng is only here for the Warrior’s Gate. I hope senior will give face to my master. I do not wish to be enemies with the Dragon Clan.” The purple-eyed youth, Yuan Cheng, said.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2659 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2660


The North Has a Fish, It’s Name Is Kun
“Buddha Long Xiang? Hehe, interesting. In the past, Buddha Long Xiang would have to call me senior.” the Ancestral Dragon Emperor said with a smile.
However, Yuan Cheng’s expression became extremely ugly.
“May I ask senior… ” Yuan Cheng asked carefully.
“You do not have the qualification to know who I am, scram, otherwise, die!” Ancestral Dragon Emperor said indifferently.
However, Jiang Chen was feeling worried. This Ancestral Dragon Emperor is pretty good at acting tough. He too is barely hanging on, we’re both doomed if Yuan Cheng wants to fight to the end. Ancestral Dragon Emperor has nothing left to fight against him, he’s just trying to scare him off, we’ll have to run with our lives if it fails… and the Warrior’s Gate has to be handed to him on a silver platter.
Jiang Chen was much more worried than Ancestral Dragon Emperor as he and Yan Qingcheng’s life was in his hands.
“Senior, although I do not know which senior from the Dragon Clan are you. However, I cannot go against the orders of my master and it’ll be hard for me to report to my master if I don’t take the Warrior’s Gate back. ” Yuan Cheng said, gritting his teeth.
He had shown enough respect to Ancestral Dragon Emperor, but he will not back down if he needs to fight. Plus, the opponent’s just a dragon spirit who’s certainly weaker than in his prime, Yuan Cheng will use everything he has to get the Warrior’s Gate.
“Hmph, stubborn, you’re forcing my hand?!” Ancestral Dragon Emperor harrumphed and raised his collar.
Yuan Cheng jumped a little. I may not have an advantage if this dragon spirit really wants to fight.
“Then, this junior will have to check, senior’s magnificence.”
Yuan Cheng clenched his teeth and said, preparing himself to face a powerful foe and dared not to dawdle.
“Looks like this fella is a tough guy, the temptation of the Warrior’s Gate is too great, run, quick. Stop thinking about the Warrior’s Gate now. There will be more chances in the future, I need to go back to slumber. That attack took up all I have. He’s a Half-Step Divine Emperor.” The Ancestral Dragon Emperor’s image appeared in Jiang Chen’s mind.
Jiang Chen was shocked. He guessed that the fella was powerful but did not expect him to be a Half-Step Divine Emperor. Qilian Region… no… even Lone Dragon County, this kind of expert is on the top of the pyramid, he’s here for the Warrior’s Gate, looks like there’s no chance for me today.
“Alright!”
At this moment, Jiang Chen was prepared to run away. There was no way to fight against a Half-Step Divine Emperor, an overlord in any region. Although he’s confident, he knew its impossible for him to fight a battle to the death with him. A smart person will live long, he did not like those words but he was forced to do it.
“Very well then!” The dragon spirit said.
Yuan Cheng prepared his stance with an extremely solemn expression. However, the Ancestral Dragon Emperor instantly jumped into the pagoda and Jiang Chen grabbed Yan Qingcheng and ran away with the Great Void Technique, running out from the Thunder Rush Sea.
At that moment, Yuan Cheng was dumbfounded, he was prepared to fight against a powerful foe yet the opponent ran away, are you sh!tting me?
Instantly, Yuan Cheng knew that he had been played. That dragon spirit is certainly not my match otherwise they wouldn’t have run…!
“Motherf*cker, you dare toy with me? Let’s see where you’re going to run to.” Yuan Cheng gritted his teeth.
He had been played, how could he not be angry? Even in the Middle Region Divine Land, he was regarded as one of the most respected people out there, a Half-Step Divine Emperor. Not anyone could achieve it. The eighth disciple of Buddha Long Xiang. Yet he faced such shame over here, he will never let this go.
“You dare! Give me your life!” Yuan Cheng burst out towards the sky like a meteor, pursuing Jiang Chen.
The distance they had was constantly shortened even though he used the Great Void Technique. He could probably get away if it was a Hierarch expert. But now… it’s a Half-Step Divine Emperor…
“F*ck, this fella is too strong, where did this bastard come from?!” Jiang Chen cursed, although it’s pointless.
The moment he ran out from the Icye Sea Divine Dragon Palace, a thousand zhang tall waveswave came crashing upon him, forcing him to back off. Jiang Chen would will certainly be shattered into pieces if he rushed into it, not even a Divine King could withstand it.
Violent waves in the front and a ferocious behind him, he was stuck.
“Hmph, boy, why aren’t you running? Run, I almost got cheated… it’s just a dragon spirit… made me think that it’s a powerful being from the Dragon Clan. Hah, it’s just a coward. This is hilarious.” Yuan Cheng sneered.
Jiang Chen was stuck now and there’s only one thing left for him to do, it was to hide inside the pagoda. However, he still might may not be able to get away too even soif he does it. This expert could’ve some cards to force them out of the pagodafrom it.
“You should give me a reason even if I have to die. Tell me, who are you, why do you want to kill me. Who are you to Qingcheng.” Jiang Chen squinted his eyes.
“Hmph, you do not have the qualification to know about it. I’ll give you a painless death.” Yuan Cheng threw a punch and Jiang Chen took it in a desperate manner, heavily injuring himcausing him a heavy injury.
However, at this moment, a dark shadow covered the sky, as if the night hadhas come. Jiang Chen and Yuan Cheng looked up, they could only see dark shadows, something was covering the sunlight.
“Is that a sea-demon?” Jiang Chen murmured.
This giant being that is covering the sky, what is it?!
“What monster are you, come out!” Yuan Cheng shouted.
This figure was extremely gigantic, he doesn’t know what it was.
At that moment, Yuan Cheng and Jiang Chen did not move, because the size of it was too scary. That thousand zhang tall wave that could kill a Divine King felt like nothing compared to towards this being. One couldn’t even see the end of this being, truly fearful.
Yuan Cheng’s expression became slightly pale because he suddenly remembered of a legend:
The North has a fish, it’s name is Kun!
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2660 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2661


Engulfing The Emperor
There was a fish in the Northern ocean called Kun. The length of Kun was somehow more than thousands of miles. It transformed into a bird and its name was Peng. The back of Peng was thousands of miles long. It flew wildly, spreading its wings which looked like a cloud on the horizon.
This was just a legend and nobody had seen Kun and Peng. Thus, no one knew whether it was a fish or a bird.
However, Yuan Cheng could not explain it  at the moment. He had failed to describe the huge creature which was covering the sky and blotting the sun, three feet above his head.
“Is this the real Kun?”
Yuan Cheng was trembling in fear. If his guess was right, this was truly terrifying. Even though he was a Half-step Divine Emperor, his legs turned to jelly after seeing it. This creature blotted out the sun utterly. He believed that even a Sovereign expert would not be able to compete against it.
Jiang Chen narrowed his eyes slightly and looked cold, he dared not to make a rash move at this moment. He could not even imagine how big the enormous creature was and did not know where its end was.
“There was a fish in the Northern ocean called Kun. The length of Kun was somehow more than thousands of miles……”
Jiang Chen murmured under his breath. If he did not guess it wrong, it was most probably the legendary Kun. He had never expected himself to have such an opportunity to meet such a terrifying creature during his lifetime. Compared to the nine sons of the dragon, Kun was legendary and nobody had seen it. Or, to put it another way, those who had seen it were all dead.
It could blot out the sun completely with its body, which was unbeatable and unmatched in the world. In the boundless Thunder Rush Sea, no one knew how horrifying the creature was. Not to mention Jiang Chen, even Yuan Cheng felt suffocated, he felt like facing death.
No one was comparable to the boundless magnitude of the sea but this dark shadow was magnificent and vast like the sea. They could hardly see  its end, and none of them could identify if it was the real Kun.
“Roar…..”
A sudden ear-splitting roar devastated the universe. Even though Jiang Chen had escaped into the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda in time, it still made him feel like he was stabbed with pins and needles. He looked deathly pale and  was spurting blood continuously, there was only endless fright shown in his eyes.
Inside the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda, the roar seemed gentle but it was still earth-shattering and devastating, which made everyone feel overwhelmed with grief and horror. Yuan Cheng, meanwhile, was the one who took the brunt of the roar. Even though a Half-step Emperor Realm was already covering his ears with both of his hands, he still turned ghastly pale without exception. After the thunderous roar, it proved that Yuan Cheng could hardly resist the tremendous thunder. He was bleeding from seven orifices and suffered serious wounds eventually. Under the strike of the huge waves, he had nearly fallen into the deep sea.
“It’s just too terrifying.”
At this moment, Yan Qingcheng wore a worried frown and woke up from a deep sleep as it was just impossible for her to remain asleep in this situation.
“Are you feeling better now?”
Jiang Chen asked anxiously and felt completely relieved after seeing Yan Qingcheng wake up. There was a shade of blue light shimmering brightly between her eyebrows. As what he expected, it showed that this princess from the Battle Kingdom was not an ordinary person.
“I am fine. Thank you anyway.
Yan Qingcheng said in a low voice.
“Goddamn it, what exactly is this? Is that the real Kun?”
Yuan Cheng was cursing angrily in his mind but he had no time for others. He was trembling with fright and took to his heels.
However, everything was already too late. As the enormous virtual shadow was showing the colour of the sky, at this moment, the clouds still remained the same and the blue sky appeared vividly. But in the next second, there was an enormous bloody mouth appearing in the vast void. Its nose and eyes were totally invisible, no one had noticed how big the mouth was but the black hawk was falling like a canopy from the heavens. Yuan Cheng was in despair, feeling depressed and helpless.
“No! No! No……”
Yuan Cheng was running desperately and staggeringly. He soared high in the void and even teleported. Unfortunately, it was just meaningless and made no difference. The moment the enormous virtual shadow fell to the earth, Yuan Cheng was eventually engulfed by the shadow.
The waves were towering three feet high. Jiang Chen was filled with astonishment. This was invincible and matchless in the world. It could even engulf a Half-step Emperor at once and there was no place for him to run.
The gigantic black hawk disappeared in the endless sky and dived into the deep sea after staying in the sky for more than an hour. Jiang Chen was not sure if it was the real Kun and did not even know what the creature was. However, it was a fact that it had engulfed Yuan Cheng. It was a battle without any suspense and an Emperor Realm expert sounded like a joke in front of the dark shadow.
“What is that?”
Yan Qingcheng murmured under her breath. Apparently, the enormous dark shadow had given her a huge shock but she was still clueless about the creature at the last moment.
The moment the dark shadow disappeared, Jiang Chen felt at ease for being able to survive the crisis. It was such a narrow escape from death. However, it made him feel relieved and at ease after watching Yuan Cheng being engulfed by the dark shadow. It was like a lifesaver to him.
“It’s shapeless and selfless. Every flower and every world, every blade of grass and bodhi, every thought and intention, they are withering and getting a new life each year.
There was a voice reverberating in Jiang Chen’s heart. He was slightly startled and looked shocked. Where did the voice come from? After hearing the voice, Jiang Chen became serious and worried. It was like a phrase with a profound meaning, and it also sounded like an acknowledgement to him. Jiang Chen raised his head immediately and looked into the enormous dark shadow that had just disappeared above the shore.
“Is that you?”
Jiang Chen murmured. It seemed like the voice was coming from afar, at the ends of the world.
“It is shapeless and selfless. Every flower and every world……”
Jiang Chen kept murmuring the phrase in his mind. At this moment, there was a huge transformation in Jiang Chen’s mind. The hidden meaning was hard to understand but he could tell that the feeling was true.
He opened his eyes and looked into the world. The whole world had become crystal clear and the  Azure Stone Gate on the shore of the Thunder Rush Sea was within his reach at this moment.
“Gate of Warrior, open now!”
Jiang Chen roared in a deep voice. The Gate of Warrior was transformed into a human’s height building in a twinkling of an eye and laid beside Jiang Chen. He tried to reach and hold it but the Warrior’s Gate was absorbed into his body.
Jiang Chen was on cloud nine and was filled with excitement. Needless to say, he gained the power to control the Warrior’s Gate after perceiving the meaning of the phrase. Even the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda and the Myriad Qi Cauldron was unable to accommodate the Warrior’s Gate but he had finally found the correct way to launch it after hearing the unfamiliar phrases.
It sounded like a fantasy but Jiang Chen was sure that the dark shadow meant to give him a helping hand. Otherwise, he could not explain why the dark shadow engulfed the Half-step Emperor at once.
Jiang Chen looked at the Qi in his diaphragm, where Warrior’s Gate was placed. He could launch the gate by just thinking of it. Jiang Chen’s soul was spreading out and another world was opened. Next, Jiang Chen was stunned as he could not see the end of the Warrior’s Gate. Even though he was able to control the gate completely, he still failed to find its edges within hundreds of miles.
There was a whole wide world that was full of amazing and strange things! Obviously, there was an old world behind the Gate of Warrior. Jiang Chen looked solemn and serious. Even Emperor experts could not master the Gate of Warrior. Qiu Niu’s mightiness was undeniable yet he knew nothing about it.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2661 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2662


Thirty Six Forms of Dog Strike
“The Gate of Warrior is not ordinary but its function is still unknown to me so far.”
Jiang Chen stopped thinking about it and kept the Warrior’s Gate. From then on, he got another treasure and life insurance. He was just too lazy to explore how big the world of the Gate of Warrior was at the moment, at least he had obtained another true ultimate weapon apart from the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda. However, he would never tell anyone about this secret.
Jiang Chen opened the square jade box, and there was a white-jade thumb ring inside. Even though there were some flaws in the jade, it was a delicately exquisite treasure. Even Jiang Chen, who was not easily affected by external temptations, was slightly moved after seeing it.
Jiang Chen wore the thumb ring on his thumb, without feeling strange. However, it brought him a sense of clear refreshment.
“Uh, there are words written on it?”
Jiang Chen fixed his eyes on the white-jaded thumb ring. He realized that there were four words written on it, The Lord of Battle Kingdom!
Wasn’t this something that belonged to the Lord of Battle Kingdom? Jiang Chen kept it in good conscience. Since the Battle Kingdom did not exist anymore, it seemed like this ring had lost its master.
Meanwhile, the Divine Origin Strength of the spine was utterly drained by Dou Ling when it was used to protect himself from the explosion during the Fusion of Lighting. But it was still the bone of the Emperor Realm after all, which could be hardly found and was necessary in refining the Nine Supreme Saint Bones Pill.
Only the Dragon Balls could enhance the power of the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda to another level. Besides that, Jiang Chen even obtained the Rushing Thunder Chart and the God Luo Scripture. It can be said that he had gotten fruitful results. However, it was truly an extremely dangerous journey which he could not simply share.
“Did you know the individual who was engulfed by the dark shadow?”
Jiang Chen looked at the shore in the distance and asked in a low voice.
Yan Qingcheng shook her head and Jiang Chen knew that she was telling the truth. However, that person was coming for her. The eighth disciple of the Buddha Long Xiang, Jiang Chen would like to pursue this further. Yan Qingcheng had shown that the Buddha Long Xiang was her ultimate trick, which made Jiang Chen feel confused and doubtful.
“Just take the God Luo Scripture, I have to leave now.” Yan Qingcheng said.
She realized that they would need to fight each other in the future, and she might not get stronger if she stuck with him. It made no difference and was meaningless for her even if she stayed there.
Jiang Chen tried to hold Yan Qingcheng back but realized that he could not find a reason. She would tell him the truth even if he did not ask about it. Jiang Chen was full of doubt and suspicion but he still  chose to remain silent.
Yan Qingcheng transformed into a beam of light and leap to the sky, sweeping through the waves which were thousands of feet high.
Everything had been settled. However, the dark shadow would remain a mystery forever in Jiang Chen’s heart.
The Wind and Thunder Canyon was swallowed and struck by the curling waves, and disappeared at the end of the shore once again. Above the sea, the wind was sweeping over the dark cloud wildly while the sky above the sea was overcast with dark clouds. The seabirds spread their wings and flew away slowly.
There were waves which were three feet high, surging high and roaring wildly. Jiang Chen’s eyes glimmered with some beams of light.
“Let’s make the thunderstorm rage in all its fury.”
Jiang Chen turned, surging forward and stepped on the waves. He leaped high in the sky and was then embraced by the furious huge waves.
Jiang Chen had made a breakthrough to the Half-step Divine King Realm at this moment. However, he was destined to experience a life and death battle. Since he had a weak foundation of skills, he decided to cultivate his abilities and enhance his strength in the enormous waves.
God Luo Clan, above the Luo River.
Clear water was flowing through the mountains and moving to the sea.
The red maple leaves in the forest had fallen apart while the flowers were in full bloom. In the South, there was a bright sun and the weather was just like spring most of the year while in the frozen North, there was whirling snow within thousands of miles. Although they were divided by just a river, it showed thousands of different phenomena.
A thin young man who looked cold was standing alone on the headwater of the Luo River. He folded his arms behind his back and his cold eyes glimmered with light, looking arrogant and overbearing.
The young guy was good-looking with red lips and white teeth. He has  unique bright and clear eyes as well. Even a wonderful pretty lady would feel ashamed and inferior to him. It was truly impressive to see a guy who was born to be good-looking, which could even be called as one of the wonders of the world.
“Luo Qinghe died, even the elder made a misjudgment this time.”
A soft voice resounded in the young guy’s ears. A beautiful lady dressed in white was standing at his side and said lightly.
“I expected this long ago.”
The young guy remained calm and shook his head with a slight smile.
“Luo Qinghe is over-confident and arrogant. He used to be eager in achieving quick success by cutting corners. I would’ve been more curious about it if he could make an achievement.”
“Do you know why the elders did not allow you to join the journey?”
The lady said in a low voice and moved her red lips slightly. There was a shade of anxiety in her eyes.
“Why?”
“Because the person is him. Since you’re the one chosen by the God Luo Clan, you cannot leave now.”
“Who could hold me back if I decided to leave?”
The young guy smiled coldly. He took a glance at the endless Luo River in disdain.
The lady curled up her lips slightly and a touch of red suffused her face. She was Goddess Luo.
“I believe that you will make everyone feel astonished and impressed.”
“Let me show you the invincible skills that I have been practising recently.”
The young guy said with a straight face and dived into the Luo River. He transformed into a huge yellow dog instantly.
“Thirty Six Forms of Dog Strike! Luo Qinghe is a bastard. Damn it! Hahaha. The people are just too happy today.”
It drove Goddess Luo nuts after watching Big Yellow transform into a giant yellow dog and roared continuously in the Luo River.
Ling Jue City, the city lord palace.
Zi Qingtian was dressed in purple clothes, folded his arms and stood in front of the stones. He looked in the direction of the Thunder Rush Sea and heaved a deep sigh.
“I have never expected this. Even the God Luo Clan and the Battle God Clan joined the battle. The decay of the ten greatest sects is definitely not a good sign for Qilian Boundary. It is a pity. Even though I appreciate Jiang Chen’s talent, it is just a dream as he is not the one who I am looking for.”
Zi Qingtian knew clearly that Jiang Chen was full of potential and talent. Most importantly, he owned the strength that was even comparable with Zi Xi’s but he was merely a Late Divine King. Unfortunately, Jiang Chen’s death was not what he could control.
Zi Xi looked solemn and heaved a sigh. The death of Jiang Chen made the ten greatest sects feel aggrieved. It was miserable as there were only a few of them from the Eastern Emperor Sect and Long Xinghua from Nine Dragon Palace survived. They would not be able to return safely if the God Luo Clan was not afraid to offend the Reverend of the Nine Boundaries in Qilian Boundary, Zi Qingtian.
“Fortunately, you came back safely this time. I hope that the God Luo Clan and the Battle God Clan won’t intervene in the upcoming battle, and I wish that they will not bring the Qilian Boundary into trouble, no matter which side wins.”
Zi Qingtian said in a deep voice. As the Reverend of the Nine Boundaries, he has  tremendous responsibilities and obligations.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2662 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2663


There’s Sky Beyond the Sky
“It will not affect the battle of Profound Connection Divine Palace too much because most of those who walked out alive are not the top disciples. Xuan Shenji from Heavenly Profound Sect, Gui Gu from Killing Luo Sect and Donghuang Tai`A from Eastern Emperor Sect are not among them.” Zi Xi said with a low voice.
Those who died and severely injured were only the second-grade genius disciples of the ten major sects. The top geniuses did not join the journey to the Thunder Rush Sea as they focused on cultivating their realm to join the battle of Profound Connection Divine Palace.
“I hope so.”
Zi Qingtian murmured but he had some sense of impending doom as if some unavoidable thunders and storms were coming soon. He did not know what would happen to the battle of Profound Connection Divine Palace this time. Zi Qingtian could not help feeling worried.
Above the Thunder Rush Sea, fierce sea waves were surfing and rolling up from thousand miles away. Jiang Chen stood up on the wave alone despite the thunderstorms and lightning. He was like an unparalleled God of War who feared nothing. His ice-cold eyes seemed to be able see through everything under heaven.
Jiang Chen had gone through hardship and thunders on the sea for more than half a year. The experience had helped him to build up a strong foundation and spirit. His cultivation realm had become firmer and stronger. Jiang Chen was accompanied by the sea monster all this while. The Divine King sea monsters within the three thousand miles were all defeated by Jiang Chen. However, he did not kill them but befriended them. Humans normally would never gain the upper hand when fighting with the sea monsters on the sea. However, he was able to overcome them alone. In this half year, Jiang Chen had experienced transformation and his strength reached an unprecedentedly high realm.
Jiang Chen’s aura also became much vigorous now and he bore the aura of a King. His Half-step Divine King Realm was genuinely in-built in his body, as firm as a mountain.  He had the confidence to overcome any ordinary Divine King experts.
“It’s the time to engrave the dragon ball on the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda now.”
Jiang Chen murmured. When the first time he engraved a dragon ball on the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda, many floors were opened. He doesn’t know what kind of surprise would come this time.
Jiang Chen took out the dragon ball and he could immediately feel the strong attraction between the dragon ball and Ancestral Dragon Pagoda. They seemed to have a very strong connection and wanted to combine with each other well. Jiang Chen held the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda and the dragon ball together and they were suddenly integrated.  The Ancestral Dragon Pagoda gave out strong radiance and brought great shock to heaven and earth. There were dragons and fishes surging up from the sea along with the waves. They appeared next to Jiang Chen.
Hundreds and thousands of monsters that were from thousands of miles away came to worship the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda.
The Dragon was not only the conqueror to all of the monsters on the land. It was even the supreme king among the sea creatures. All of the sea monsters unexpectedly started bowing down to Jiang Chen. Those monsters who were under Hierarch Realm all were waiting for Jiang Chen’s order. As soon as the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda appeared, they even applauded loudly.
The perfect combination between dragon ball and the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda was under Jiang Chen’s expectation. What he did not expect, however, was that the floors in the pagoda did not open as fast as last time. The process was still full of changing colour. When the eighty-ninth floor opened, the time suddenly passed slowly.
“Will the ninetieth floor open? ”
Jiang Chen murmured. Accompanied by the golden radiance, the ninetieth floor opened gradually. His eyes turned blazing. He could feel that the ninetieth floor was significantly different from the eighty-ninth floor.
“There’s sky beyond the sky.”
Jiang Chen frowned as there are only a few big words in the ninetieth floor. They were some golden seal inscriptions, written as “There’s sky beyond the sky!”
“What does this mean?”
Jiang Chen could not understand, however, these words had really intrigued him. As the Ancestral Dragon Emperor had already fallen into a deep hibernation, he had no way to understand the words at the moment. The words were not so important, however. More importantly, the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda’s defensive power became stronger now. The pagoda’s time elapse speed had also advanced to a faster pace. Jiang Chen knew that the opening of each floor in the pagoda would bring him different things each time. However, it was also more and more difficult to open the new floor.
He estimated that a piece of dragon ball would only open one to two floors of the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda next time. Driven by his curiosity, Jiang Chen yearned to get more dragon balls.
“Yawn*, I had a good sleep. I am so sleepy.”
Fire Qilin yawned. He looked bored and lazy. However, Jiang Chen could sense that Fire Qilin had become stronger now.
“You have been sleeping until now ever since your injury?”
Jiang Chen said while his face showed contempt.
“So what? I am having a backache from the sleep now.” Fire Qilin replied, looking lost.
“How do you break through just by sleeping?!”
Jiang Chen was shocked and almost spurted out blood. You are really ungrateful, making a breakthrough from sleep sounds so shameless.
“How’s your cultivation realm now?”
Jiang Chen continued to ask.
“Almost at the peak of Early Divine King Realm. However, it’s more than enough to deal with Mid Divine Kings. Moreover, I have gained back some inherited memory. I might need to digest the memory slowly.”
Fire Qilin curled up his mouth and seemed to be unsatisfied.
“I have been cultivating tremendously, but still can’t catch up to you.”
Jiang Chen heaved a sigh. Fire Qilin had inherited memories but Jiang Chen only had his own fist to fight for his future.
“Anyhow, I am too charming in the Qilin Clan and I leave no space of living for others.”
Fire Qilin curled up his lips and showed his narcissistic face.
“Don’t be so shameless. You’re the only one I know from the Qilin Clan.” Jiang Chen said dismissively.
Two of them stepped through the thousand-miles sea and left the Thunder Rush Sea.
The moment Fire Qilin stepped out of the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda, a Heavenly Lightning Tribulation struck on his head directly. Jiang Chen couldn’t help but burst into laughter.
“Evil people would receive karma from heaven. Hahaha. You are only charming for less than three seconds. Accept the baptism of the Heavenly Lightning Tribulation.”
“Mother f*ucker. I thought there won’t be a Heavenly Lightning Tribulation. If I knew earlier, I would stay inside the Ancestral Dagon Pagoda.”
Fire Qilin did not know whether to laugh or cry at the moment. Jiang Chen could not help him as well. But luckily, Fire Qilin’s cultivation realm had already reached the Early Divine King Realm. At least it was impossible for the  Heavenly Lightning Tribulation to kill him.
“You never care about your brother.”
Fire Qilin said fiercely while Jiang Chen turned around without giving Fire Qilin a glance.
After Jiang Chen returned to Ling Jue City, he did not rush back to the Eastern Emperor Sect because he wanted to take revenge. He felt that it’s his time going back to LinHe Boundary to take revenge. He wanted the entire LinHe Boundary to bow down and submit to him. He wanted all of the sects to lose their dignity. He wanted to avenge Tang Zhen and the others who died innocently. He wanted to avenge Profound Feng Sect and let others know who was the true king.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2663 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2664


A Couple Under the Moonlight
“You’re still not strong enough, and you might not be able to beat up all of them. Even if you have my help, it might still be to no avail. Jiang Chen, I am not someone who is afraid of death, but I want you to know that it’s unnecessary to make any meaningless sacrifice. When you are strong enough, you can still go back to the Linhe Boundary to make a return. It’s not difficult for us to fight a sect together, however those sects that have existed for more than a thousand years have a very strong foundation. There must be supreme experts guarding those sects. Our chance is very slim.” Fire Qilin said seriously.
Jiang Chen nodded.
“I understand what you said but if I don’t go there right now, I might leave a lifelong regret in my life. It seems there’s an impossible force pushing me to take revenge, to get back what I lost before. It was quite embarrassing when I fled away from Linhe Boundary that day.”
Jiang Chen smiled bitterly. He had already made up his mind to go back to Linhe Boundary. He must gain a glorious victory and mess up the entire Linhe Boundary. There were things he suppressed too long in his heart that had made him feel really uncomfortable. He must vent it out.
In Linhe Boundary, there was a small town at the corner of the area of Clear Stream Sect.
Wang Family was the pioneer of the three major families in the Gu Ye City. However, Wang Family always wanted to seek breakthrough in order to unite the three major families here. The other two families had become stronger these years. One of their disciples had been cultivating in Heavenly Star Sect; the other one had been cultivating in Ghost Eye Sect. Wang Family could feel that a crisis was coming soon at the current moment.
The head of Wang Family, Wang Yunkun looked serious; he was really worried. If the situation continued like this, his family would definitely lose their current leading position.
“Master, I have a plan. Maybe you want to give it a try.”
Wang Jianji smiled cunningly. As Wang Yunkun’s military counselor, most of the ideas at Wang Family were from him.
Wang Yunkun’s eyes shone and looked at Wang Jianji and said:
“Tell me about it.”
“Perhaps Mr. Jiang could be our saviour.”
Wang Jianji grinned.
“Mr. Jiang? Do you mean Jiang Zhen?”
Wang Yunkun frowned his forehead.
“Although Mr. Jiang just ascended here from the Immortal World, he is very talented and many ordinary people of the Divine World are incomparable to him. He is strong, who knows our Wang Family might need to depend on him in the future. Although he is just at the peak of Void God Realm now and not even at the True God Realm yet, I believe that he definitely would excel in the coming twenty years.”
Wang Yunkun said seriously. However, he had know idea how Wang Jianji could persuade Jiang Zhen to help them.
“It’s not like that. I don’t mean that, master.” Wang Jianji profoundly added.
Wang Yunkun’s countenance fell. Wang Jianji knew it’s time to tell the truth, otherwise he might accidentally provoke his master’s anger.
“A few days again, I saw that Mr Jiang spoke out his worry when he was drinking with a woman. He said that he has a son in the Divine World. The son’s name is Jiang Chen.”
“Jiang Chen? So? There are more than a thousand people called Jiang Chen in Divine World. Even the idiot in our town is also called Jiang Chen, isn’t he?”  Wang Yunkun said in confusion.
“Master, did you forget the Jiang Chen who stirred up bloody storms in Linhe Boundary a few years ago? Jiang Chen from the Profound Feng Sect had confronted more than a hundred sects alone. At the end, he fled from the boundary. He had put those sects to shame. I guess that Jiang Chen also came from the Immortal World.”
Wang Jianji’s words startled Wang Yunkun.
“Do you mean Jiang Zhen is Jiang Chen’s father? There’s a connection between them?”
“It’s hard to say, but both of them are from Immortal World. He has a son called Jiang Chen and both of them appeared at Linhe Boundary at the same time. Doesn’t this sound strange? If we can send Jiang Zhen to Clear Stream Sect or Divine Pill Sect, I am sure that those who hate Jiang Chen to the bone would definitely reward us graciously. By that time, we could also approach one of the major sects. More importantly, even if they just simply spare us something, that would be enough for us to sweep across the entire Gu Ye City.”
Wang Jianji squinted his eyes and finally revealed his idea to Wang Yunkun. However, Wang Yunkun fell into a deep contemplation at this moment.
“However, Mr. Jiang had shown me kindness before. If my youngest son did not encounter him at that time, he might have died. If I do something like this, it goes against my morality.”
Wang Yunkun could not help shaking his head while heaving a sigh. Although he was not a righteous man, Jiang Zhen was still the saviour of his son. If he pushed Jiang Zhen away to those sects, what he did would have no difference from harming him and foreot his kindness. How would he come to Wang Yunkun in the future?
“Jiang Chen is the person whom everyone in Linhe Boundary are looking to kill. If we help those supreme sects get Jiang Chen’s father, it is actually a contribution. It’s not a shameful thing and I believe everyone would understand your situation, master. If we don’t save ourselves, the others will simply kill us. We are forced to do this. Our current situation is not good now as the other families have been aiming at us. They might cause any huge threat to us anytime. We shouldn’t lose the opportunity, master! We must know that eagles don’t catch flies.”
Wang Jianji kept counseling earnestly. If they still did not make a decision now, it would be too late by the time Jiang Zhen became stronger.
After Wang Jianji’s advices, Wang Yunkun finally changed his mind.
“You’re right. Eagles don’t catch flies. I am going to be sorry to you, Mr Jiang. Hope that you don’t blame me if you pass away in the future.”
Wang Yunkun gritted his teeth tightly and he looked solemn as if he had made a huge decision. It’s a decision that is going to change his entire life.
“Get ready to summon him to the hall tomorrow.”
“Great. Don’t worry, I will handle everything. Hehe.”
Wang Jianji smiled coldly. Jiang Zhenhai, Jiang Zhenhai, there’s no woman in the world whom I could not get.
It’s a clear day in the bamboo forest. Under the moonlight, there was a couple.
Jiang Zhenhai had gone through a lot in his life. His greatest pride was his son. In the entire Immortal World, no one did not know about Jiang Chen. He even enjoyed the glory of his son and gained great respect from people. However, he did not want to live in the Immortal World comfortably forever despite the great life. He always missed his son, Jiang Chen.
Jiang Zhenhai did not expect that he would finally meet a woman who finally moved his heart after many years. He saved her in the forest that time. It was like a cliche. After that, they fell in love. At that time, he even managed to save Wang Yunkun’s youngest son Wang Peng. Because of Wang Yunkun’s earnest invitation, he finally decided to stay here for a long term as a guest.
Lin Ruyue was exactly like her name which means as light as wind and as elegant as moon. Although she was not extraordinarily beautiful, she still had the attractive appearance that gained hundred and thousands people’s attention in the town.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2664 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2665


Regret
“Brother Zhen, let’s leave this place. I don’t like the feeling of living under others’ fences. I like to live by ourselves even if it is a simple and peaceful life. I would like to live  by mountains and sea. That’s my ideal life.” Lin Ruyue smiled and said.
The moment they lived here, Wang Jianji had been disturbing her quite a lot and made her feel very uncomfortable. However, they were living under others’ fences and she did not want to cause trouble to Brother Zhen. That was why she had been thinking of leaving this place. She liked Jiang Zhenhai, she liked his free and easy character. He was a real man who did not pursue power and money. He was a good man. In her eyes, Jiang Zhenhai was not a decadent man but had seen through the secular world. She admired the man’s pure personality.
“Alright. I wouldn’t want to be bonded by this city too. Wandering around the world might suit us more.”
Jiang Zhenhai smiled and replied. The reason he still stayed here was mainly because  of Wang Yunkun. Otherwise, he wouldn’t have wanted to stay here. Anyhow, he didn’t like the feeling of living under the other’s fence. Moreover, how could not he know Wang Jianji’s evil intentions to Lin Ruyue? He just did not want to speak it out.
“Since you have already decided, I will suggest this to Brother Wang tomorrow. Let’s tidy up a bit today.”
“Great!”
Lin Ruyue’s smile was as beautiful as a flower. This was the man whom she loved. What Jiang Zhenhai told her a few days ago really moved her deeply. Jiang Zhenhai only had one purpose, to ascend to the Divine World, and see his son once again.
“A day in Divine World is equivalent to a year in Immortal World. In a blink of an eye, more than a thousand years have passed.”
Jiang Zhenhai looked at the bamboo forest from the window with a lot of emotion inside his heart. Lin Ruyue understood Jiang Zhenhai’s worry. She hugged his back quietly.
The next day, Jiang Zhenhai was ready to bid goodbye with Wang Yunkun.
“Brother Jiang, morning. I have something to talk to you about.”
“Just tell me now. I need to hurry to Brother Wang and inform him about something important.”
Jiang Zhenhai said impatiently.
“What a coincidence. I am going to invite you back to our house as our master would like to invite you to our battle hall. He hasn’t seen you display your strength and skills for a while, so he would like me to invite you back to our hall and learn from each other by exchanging skills.”
“Lead the way.”
Jiang Zhenhai said in a deep voice, while having some bad feelings in his heart. However, he did not suspect anything and followed Wang Jianji, heading to the hall.
In the battle hall, there were more than ten guests and some elders. The atmosphere was full of killing intent and each of their faces looked strict and fierce. Is this really about exchanging skills? Jiang Zhenhai murmured in his heart.
“Hahaha, Brother Jiang, I haven’t seen you in days, you look great in spirit. Both of us are cultivating our realm, I am thinking of seeing if your strength has improved much today.”
Wang Yunkun laughed loudly and said.
“I am here today to inform you of something important. Brother Wang, I am going to leave here with my woman today. I am sorry if I have disturbed you and brought you any inconveniences. I am thankful for your hospitality all this time.”
Jiang Zhenhai said while holding his fist together.
“Owh? Brother Jiang,  you’re leaving? Is there anything I didn’t do well? Brother Jiang showed our Wang Family great kindness before, and I always want to repay your kindness. However, you never see us as your own brother, it’s quite disappointing.”
Wang Yunkun heaved a sigh. He shivered in his heart, Does this guy know that I am going to take action against him? But it’s too late to leave now.
“Brother Wang, you have worried too much. I am very thankful to you. How would I have such thoughts? Hehe. However, my woman prefers to live freely. It’s quite disturbing to stay in the same place for too long.”
Jiang Zhenhai shook his head and said.
“Then I feel better. Don’t say so much. Brother Jiang, how about we exchange our skill first? Haha.”
Jiang Zhenhai had no choice under Wang Yunkun’s insistence. Since he had been receiving Wang Yunkun’s hospitality, he had to fulfill his wish before leaving the place.
“Cui Shihui, you go play with Brother Jiang.”
Wang Yunkun said with a smile.
Jiang Zhenhai looked slightly solemn because that guy was an Early True God. He might not be a match to that guy even if his strength reached the Half-step True God Realm. He guessed that he would most probably lose to Cui Shihui.
“Brother Cui, spare me some mercy.”
“Humph Humph. For sure.”
Cui Shihui sneered coldly. He took action with his thunderous strikes and left no chance for Jiang Zhenhai to counterattack.
Jiang Zhenhai could only use all that he got since each of Cui Shihui’s strikes was aimed to kill him. Jiang Zhenhai was stunned at this moment as he finally knew there must be something wrong. At that moment, Wang Yunkun threw a cup on the floor. As the cup shattered, all of the experts came to besiege Jiang Zhenhai. They all took turns to take action against him who did not have a chance to defend at all. Immediately, he was defeated.
Four people pressed against Jiang Zhenhai who was now kneeling down under Wang Yunkun’s feet.
“What’s the meaning of this?”
Jiang Zhenhai said in a deep voice.
“What do I mean? Hehe. You still have the face to say so. Answer me, is Jiang Chen your son?” Wang Jianji said with a cold smile.
“How did you know?”
“Why didn’t you tell me honestly? Don’t you know the sin Jiang Chen has committed in Linhe Boundary? He is a criminal to the entire Linhe Boundary. Everyone wants to kill him. He was not killed in the battle of the hundred sects and managed to get away. If other sects know that Jiang Chen’s father is hiding in my family, wouldn’t my family become their enemy? Do you know that any of those sects could easily destroy my family anytime? You’re still acting innocent now? You deserve this punishment. If I don’t hand you out to those major sects, how will I be forgiven?”
Wang Jianji was pressuring, making Jiang Zhenhai speechless. At this moment, he finally knew why Wang Yunkun took action against him. It’s because of the villain’s slander and because of his identity as Jiang Chen’s father. He just entered Divine World not too long, but now his life was under great threat. Jiang Zhenhai looked extremely gloomy.
“It’s regretful. I, Jiang Zhenhai, have been herotic my whole life and I never did anything wrong. But now, I am framed by a villain. It’s so ridiculous and amusing. Hahaha.”
Jiang Zhenhai said while laughing out loud. His eyes carried a sense of melancholy. He could not give Ruyue a good life, and even put her in a great danger.
“Wang Yunkun, you have forgotten my kindness. How can you treat me this way after I saved your son. I can only blame myself for being blind.”
Jiang Zhenhai gritted and said. He regretted it.
“This is the consequence of your own action. Jiang Zhenhai, since you have admitted he is your son, what can you say anymore? Hahaha, send him to Clear Stream Sect. I want to let everyone know that Jiang Chen’s father is caught by my family.”
Wang Yunkun’s eyes gave off radiance. As soon as Jiang Zhenhai was sent to Clear Stream Sect, he would definitely receive great rewards. At  that time, his Wang Family would not be a small family anymore. With Clear Stream Sect’s support, they would develop prosperously.
“You guys will suffer from karma.”
Jiang Zhenhai was outraged and blood filled his eyes. He never expected to be framed by these bastards.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2665 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2666


Cutting off the Waxed Spearhead
“Karma? Hahaha, I am your karma. But you? Trying to fight me? You’re still too green. Jiang Zhenhai, although your son is pretty heaven-defying, he’s just a loser, who left in the Linhe Boundary. Nobody knows whether he’s alive or dead. Handing you over may probably fish your stupid son out from hiding. Hahaha.” Wang Jianji sneered as he looked at Jiang Zhenhai with disdain.
“Immediately detain him to the Clear Stream Sect, we must leave a good impression towards the Clear Stream Sect. Eldest, you’ll take the lead.” Wang Yunkun looked at his eldest son, Wang Ling, and said.
He was afraid something may go wrong and ordered 8 Mid True God non-native officials of the clan to follow Wang Ling.
“Wang Yunkun, Wang Jianji, karma will find you both. I, Jiang Zhenhai, will curse you in death.” Jiang Zhenhai gritted his teeth and said.
“Hehe, it’s pointless to say anything now. However, for the sake of our relationship, I’ll take care of your beautiful young wife, hehehe.” Wang Jianji said in delight.
Jiang Zhenhai shivered and was drowned in anger, yet he couldn’t break free from their suppression.
“You bastard!”
Jiang Zhenha’s eyes were blood-red but there was nothing he could as he was taken away by Wang Ling.
Lin Ruyue waited in the bamboo forest anxiously, she was wearing an azure robe, possessing a great bust and bosom, truly one that would attract the opposite sex.
“Sister Lin, what are you doing here? Hahaha.” Wang Jianji suddenly appeared in the bamboo forest and looked at Lin Ruyue with smiling eyes.
His eyes were filled with lust as he feasted upon Lin Ruyue’s body with his eyes. He had waited for this moment for far too long, yet there wasn’t a chance for him to obtain her. Now that he had succeeded in kicking Jiang Zhenhai out of his Wang family and towards the Clear Stream Sect, his chance had finally come.
“Please, be wary of your actions and words. Wang Jianji, we’re not that close.” Lin Ruyue said coldly.
Suddenly, Lin Ruyue’s heart slumped upon thinking why was Wang Jianji here and to be this blatant? Where was Brother Zhenhai? Where did he go?
“What did you guys do to Brother Zhenhai?” Lin Ruyue suddenly looked up and said.
“Brother Zhenhai, Brother Zhenhai, I’m jealous just by listening to it. Sigh. But you’re pretty smart too, I like it. Haha. But… Do you think you could get away from me? I may treat you well if you obediently become my little lover, otherwise, hehe, things may not go well for you.” Wang Jianji said, trying to make Lin Ruyue comply. Although forcing her was indeed exciting,  it doesn’t feel great, however.
“You guys took him away? Why? He’s Wang Yunkun’s saviour, is this how you pay the grace that was given to you?”
Lin Ruyue’s expression became cold. The worst thing that could happen finally happened. This Wang Jianji was never that kind-hearted, he had long schemed to have her, now, his true intention has finally shown and Brother Zhenhai was forced to take the blame. Lin Ruyue felt immense regret.
“Your Brother Zhenhai is not as simple as you think, that demon Jiang Chen that wreaked havoc in Linhe Boundary is his son, and he is fated to be scorned by everyone. It is only reasonable for the father to repay his son’s debt. They couldn’t find Jiang Chen, and now his father shall be the one who will bear it. Now that Jiang Zhenhai has been brought to the Clear Stream Sect, it wouldn’t be long for the news to reach the world. However, Jiang Zhenhai… oh no… Jiang Zhenhai will not die, they wouldn’t let him off that easily, he’ll be used to bait Jiang Chen out.”
“And you guys… will get profit from it, the Wang family gets to suck up to the powerful and you get to lay your hands upon me. Hmph, isn’t your plan perfect…” Lin Ruyue sneered yet she was secretly worried.
As she didn’t have the strength to barge into the Clear Stream Sect.
“Such a smart girl, you still have a chance to choose now, everything will be too late once I get angry.” Wang Jianji harrumphed.
“Keep dreaming, I will remain wherever Brother Zhenhai is, if Brother Zhen is killed, then I will not remain in this world alone.”
“Oho? Aren’t you pure? I like it. Kakaka, let’s see your try getting away from me.”
Wang Jianji smirked as he pounced upon Lin Ruyue like a wild beast.
Lin Ruyue was swift as she quickly retreated.
“Not bad, to think a girl like you has such abilities. It’s a pity that you followed Jiang Zhenhai, eat my spear!” Wang Jianji stabbed Lin Ruyue with his silver spear.
The latter’s white-jade blade was better than the spear by several grades. She pushed Jianji back with the might of the jade-sword. At this moment, Jianji finally realised that he’s not her match.
“B*tch, you dare attack me?!” Wang Jianji was angered.
His spear strikes were getting slower and Lin Ruyue’s blade became faster as she pushed Jianji to his limit. Lin Ruyue slashed and blood splattered as he screamed. She didn’t sever his head but cut off his ‘little brother’.
“You… you… you…” Wang Jianji’s expression became pale and frightened.
Wang Jianji dared not to take another step after his silver spear was cut into half by Lin Ruyue.
“All looks but no substance… hmph, I won’t kill you now, you’ll die when Brother Zhenhai returns.” Lin Ruyue gave Wang Jianji a kick, the latter was rolling on the ground, crying.
That kick almost caused him to meet his maker after his ‘little brother’ was cut off.
Lin Ruyue dared not to dawdle as she quickly rushed towards the direction of the Clear Stream Sect, hoping to stop the group before they reached their destination. However, the group used a Teleportation Formation. When she managed to catch up to them, Wang Ling was already about to enter the doors of the Clear Stream Sect.
Lin Ruyue cried and blamed herself. She was forced to silently watch her Brother Zhenhai being brought into the Clear Stream Sect. Brother Zhenhai’s life would be in danger if what Wang Jianji said was right.
“It’s all because of me… I’m useless… Brother Zhenhai…”
Ten days later, there were people continuously entering the  Clear Stream Sect, Lin Ruyue saw it, yet there was nothing she could do. She was only a Peak Void God, and was not even a True God, the average disciple of Clear Stream Sect could easily trample her as the sect was the number one sect in the Linhe Boundary.
“I see you’re acting fishy over there for the past few days. Why? Are you trying to sneak into the Clear Stream Sect?”
Lin Ruyue jumped. This white-robed youth was smiling while squinting his eyes as he suddenly appeared behind Lin Ruyue.
“Why do you care? Who are you?”
“Who am I, that’s not important. Most importantly, the disciples of the Clear Stream Sect would never let you go if they saw you. What do you think?” The white-robed man said with a smile.
This youth, of course, was none other than Jiang Chen who came back from the Qilian Region.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2666 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2667


Gathered at the Clear Stream Sect
“Are you from the Clear Stream Sect?” Lin Ruyue instinctively took two steps back as she was wary of Jiang Chen.
“You haven’t answered my question, are you trying to sneak into that sect?” Jiang Chen said with a smile.
He has been observing her for quite some time, wondering why she’s cautiously squatting around the outer area of the Clear Stream Sect. She couldn’t have been a sentry of the sect with her strength, lest a scout. Hence, this has made Jiang Chen pretty curious.
“Since you’re not from the Clear Stream Sect, who are you to ask my identity?” Lin Ruyue said with a stern expression.
Jiang Chen smiled and shook his head, he was just curious. Since she’s not from the Clear Stream Sect, then, his worry was unnecessary.
“I’m here to seek trouble with the Clear Stream Sect.” Jiang Chen said with a calm demeanour with his hands crossed.
“You? Although you’re pretty strong and I may not beat you. But do you know how big and powerful the Clear Stream Sect is? The strongest of the Linhe Boundary, who do you think you are? What do you have to go against them? This is hilarious, hmph.” Lin Ruyue glared at Jiang Chen with disdain. She knew she couldn’t beat this youngster and quickly retreated.
“Such an interesting woman.” Jiang Chen scratched his nose.
Unexpectedly, he was ridiculed by a woman who wasn’t even a True God. However, he was not one to petty. Lin Ruyue carefully left the grounds of Clear Stream Sect and he flew straight into it.
Prior to that, Jiang Chen had already destroyed over 20 sects in days. Those were sects that had ruthlessly attacked him before and those that would bully others. Everyone felt threatened other than the top ten sects of Linhe Boundary.
In the reception hall of Clear Stream Sect, six Divine King experts gathered.  Not even Half-Step Divine King experts were qualified to be there.
Cold, murderous, gloomy, and terrifying aura filled the air of the hall, the six of them were wearing a solemn expression.
“I thank everyone for gathering in my Clear Stream Sect to discuss this matter, you have given this Xuanyuan Zhong respect. More than twenty sects, disciples and elders above Heavenly God Realm were massacred, totalling over 3000 men. Only those weak and powerless disciples survived. It is an unfortunate event.” An azure-robed old man silently shook his head as he sighed. It was the Clear Stream Sect’s Lord, Xuanyuan Zhong.
He’s the lord of the sect, and he’s also elected by the ten great sects, except for the Heavenly Star Sect, as Linhe Boundary’s temporary chief.
“This Jiang Chen is too much! We let him go back then and now he’s back again. Now, he wants our Linhe Boundary to bow down before him, this is preposterous.” Li Batian said with a livid expression.
Ghost Eye Sect suffered great casualties. Never did they expect Jiang Chen to return back to Linhe Boundary, to settle the score.
“To consecutively destroy more than 20 sects, big and small. Jiang Chen, this fella, dares to send us a letter of challenge. Doesn’t that mean that all of our sects are afraid of him if we don’t accept it? We cannot let this matter go! He was just able to get away back then because of  the surrounding great sects supporting him. I refuse to believe that he could still do the same. This time, we have the experts gathered here from the ten great sects, not even the Nine Hierarch Lord could save him.” Dan Feng said with a cold expression.
The Divine Pill Sect also suffered a great loss while they were hunting Jiang Chen. Now that he’s back and obviously picking a fight with them, how could they face the world if they do not strike back?
“Jiang Chen must have his own plans now that he’s back in the Linhe Boundary, looks like he’s confident enough to face against our ten great sects and win. Then, we might as well give him that fight and see who’ll laugh in the end.” Li Xie said with disdain.
No matter how powerful Jiang Chen was, he’s just an insect in the perspective of these Divine Kings.
“Rumours have it that Jiang Chen has reached the Half-Step Divine King realm,  those powerful sects without Divine Kings were destroyed by him. This boy’s growth is too fast, we cannot underestimate him. We must strike him down this time.” Di Longhuai said.
“Half-Step Divine King Realm? Haha, is there a Half-Step Divine King amongst us? I’ll be the first to slay him if he comes, I’m just afraid that he doesn’t have the balls to take a step into this mountain.” Li Xie said proudly, absolutely not afraid of Jiang Chen coming back stronger.
“Rumours are always exaggerated. Elder Di, why laud the spirit of the enemy and belittle that of our own?” Dan Feng said with a pale smile, confident.
Di Longhuai could only silently nod as he smiled bitterly.
“Since Jiang Chen dares to come back again, we must ensure that he’ll stay here forever, otherwise, who will acknowledge our great sects in the Linhe Boundary? Now that many sects are in danger, we must uphold the law, Sect Lord Xuanyuan, what says you?” Li Batian said.
Everyone on-site hated Jiang Chen to the core. Now that Jiang Chen dares to come back to Linhe Boundary and cause havoc, it feels like he’s seeking to die.
“Killing Jiang Chen must be done. I have a trump card, not even the God amongst the Gods could save him.” Xuanyuan Zhong smiled.
“Oh? Looks like Sect Lord Xuanyuan came prepared, doesn’t that mean that we’re all worried for nothing? haha.” Dan Feng’s eyes shone, his eyes finally opened wide.
“Please elaborate.”
The others were looking forward to it too.
“Jiang Chen’s father is in my hands. This time, even if he does not come, I will still call all of you to discuss this matter. To use his father as a hostage, could he do anything no matter how powerful he is? Unless he’s a crazed beast.”
Xuanyuan Zhong said confidently while caressing his long beard.
“Wouldn’t that be despicable?” Dan Feng was stunned.
“Despicable? Heh, he killed many of ours and many innocent lives. Nothing is despicable as long he’s dead. Everything is feasible. ” Di Longhuai said in disdain, he’s not letting go of any chance or opportunity that’s presented.
However, they’ve forgotten who was the one that pushed Jiang Chen towards the edge.
“Hahaha, then, aren’t we all set? Killing Jiang Chen must be done. Haha.”
“You’re right, with that plan of yours and our firepower, killing Jiang Chen will be simple.”
“This time, I will use his corpse to pay tribute to my disciples.”
Everyone smiled as if they could see Jiang Chen’s dying face.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2667 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2668


Flatten the Clear Stream Sect
The sky above the Clear Stream Sect was clear and bright.
Jiang Chen stood on top of the Clear Stream Sect’s sky. The sect was gigantic, it’s defensive formation was also powerful, as powerful as the Ashura Formation, hence, he needed to be careful.
At this moment, he felt restless, an immense pressure in his heart, yet he didn’t know why. Probably because he’s shouldering much more for this battle, as lives were at stake.
“Jiang Chen is here, old dog of the  Clear Stream Sect, quickly come out and die.” Jiang Chen said, his voice reverberated in the entire Clear Stream Sect, shaking the whole sect.
There have been many who were hunted down by the sect but never once had they experienced someone challenging them, the main pillar of Linhe Boundary, one of the most powerful sects.
“What? It’s Jiang Chen?! Looks like the rumours are true, this fella came back to Linhe Boundary and it’s probably true that he had decimated over twenty sects.”
“I’ve heard that he ran away from Linhe Boundary several years ago, is he trying to die now after these few years? Hmph. That fella has done many evil deeds, today shall be the day he dies.”
“Who the f*ck do you think you are? To act unruly in our Clear Stream Sect! Our  sect is Linhe Boundary’s number one sect! Do you think we’re afraid of you kid? Pui!”
“Nowadays, people are getting cocky, does he think he is some kinda god? Today will be the day he dies.”
The people of Clear Stream Sect all came out after hearing his voice. In their eyes, Jiang Chen was akin to seeking his own death. No matter how strong he was… could he face the whole Linhe Boundary? What does he have? Plus, the ten great sects have already gathered in the Clear Stream Sect, obviously discussing how to face him, the people of the Clear Stream Sect weren’t flustered and were ready for what’s to come.
“What must happen has finally come.” Di Longhuai sneered as he gazed towards the direction of the sect.
“Hahaha, great, the ten great sects have gathered here in the Clear Stream Sect and he dares to be this unruly. Today, I, Dan Feng, will make sure that he won’t get away.”  Dan Feng said proudly.
“Let me have a go with him, he ran away like a dog in the past, but now he has the guts to come barking against us.”
Li Batian was the first to fly out from the sect.
The six of them stood on the sky of Clear Stream Sect, six Divine Kings, every single one of them, immensely powerful.
“Wow, such a great gathering, Divine Pill Sect and Ghost Eye Sect, both of them have become dogs of Clear Stream Sect? Hahaha.” Jiang Chen said arrogantly, facing them without a shred of fear.
They were all familiar faces, there was nothing for him to be afraid of. Me being a Half-Step Divine King makes it easier to face these Divine Kings now, these powerful experts in the past are nothing to me now.
“Bullsh*t! Son of a b*tch, you dare come back to Linhe Boundary? It’s a pity that I wasn’t able to take your life back then!” Li Batian shouted.
“You guys wanted my life back then, but failed. There’s no way you can do it now, as you’ve lost your chance.” Jiang Chen chuckled confidently.
The six great Divine Kings silently snorted. This fella thinks too highly of himself.  Does he really think that a Half-Step Divine King could win against the whole Linhe Boundary? Keep dreaming.
“Today will be  your death anniversary, Jiang Chen, surrender. Since you’re here, don’t think about escaping so easily.” Xuanyuan Zhong said indifferently, like he was bound to win, like everything was under his control.
With Jiang Chen’s father in his palm, this brat will certainly surrender. Then, the people will know who has the final laugh.
“It makes no difference even if you guys group up together, there’s only one goal for me here today, and that is to trample your Clear Stream Sect!’ Jiang Chen said with extreme confidence.
“Hahaha, this is hilarious, to say such grand words before your death, Jiang Chen, you’re still as cocky as before even after disappearing for a while. Let me show you what it means to be a real expert. I did not want to show my hands as you’re a junior. But you truly disgust me, that damned mouth of yours… I will tear it to pieces for the sake of Linhe Boundary, to pay for your sins.” Li Batian taunted.
Jiang Chen was just a Half-Step Divine King, what gives him the confidence to fight against these people who have already reached the Divine King Realm thousands of years ago?
“Only you? It’s not enough.” Jiang Chen said with a smile.
“You talk big ain’t ya? You’ll have to get through me first if you want to trample Clear Stream Sect.” Li Batian released his domineering aura and flew straight towards Jiang Chen.
“And you said you’re not the dogs of  Clear Stream Sect? To fervently exhibit that loyalty, I am impressed. It is truly sad for the Ghost Eye Sect to have someone like you. Haha.”Jiang Chen said, deliberately taunting Li Batian.
The latter’s eyes became cold as he was called as one of the dogs of Clear Stream Sect, his murderous intent became thicker as he closed in onto Jiang Chen.
“What do you guys think? How long will Jiang Chen  last in the hands of Brother Li?” Dan Feng said with a smile, totally not worried for Li Batian.
Although Jiang Chen became more powerful and was extremely talented, he’s still nothing in the eyes of these seniors. His growth meant nothing in the face of a true Divine King senior.
“I bet that he won’t last more than 10 strikes.” Di Longhuai said with a smile.
“I say… in three strikes!”
Li Xie was extremely confident in Li Batian. As Jiang Chen’s level was far below them. Li Batian’s victory was already set the moment he acted. Jiang Chen will certainly lose.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2668 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2669


One is Not Enough
“The Great Elder of the Ghost Eye Sect, I’ve heard of Li Batian’s fame, one that has been famous for at least a thousand years. Jiang Chen will certainly die this time.”
“Haha, the Great Elder of the Ghost Eye Sect has shown his hands, which bastard will not bow down to him? I don’t think Jiang Chen can even fight back.”
“You’re right, to think that there’s nothing to watch since Li Batian is the first to act. For such a peerless expert to act, Jiang Chen’s death is already certain.”
Everyone was looking forward to Li Batian completely overpowering his opponent. It shouldn’t be too hard for him to beat a Half-Step Divine King, as the difference was already evident.
However, the moment Li Batian and Jiang Chen first clashed, Li Batian was shocked, as his opponent clashed without fear. On the second exchange, Jiang Chen gave up on his defence and attacked with extreme swiftness.
Jiang Chen was like a swift, angry giant dragon on their third exchange as he launched himself towards Li Batian. The latter was absolutely overpowered. Three clashes. Li Batian was pushed back in an instant, Li Batian’s expression became pale as he coughed out a fountain of blood while he stabilised his body 800 zhang away.
The whole Clear Stream Sect was shocked by this scene!
Nobody expected Jiang Chen to be this powerful, and  to repel Li Batian with just three strikes, without a break. He completely overpowered Li Batian. Li Batian could never believe that he lost in just three strikes, it was extremely pitiful, and it was witnessed by numerous people to boot.
Jiang Chen did not pursue further and just stood there proudly akin to a great master, emitting a calm and composed aura.
“I’ve said it before, one is not enough.”
Dan Feng, Li Xie, the lord of Clear Stream Sect, Xuanyuan Zhong were all dumbfounded. They felt like they were dreaming, it was unreal, however, Li Batian had lost, thoroughly.
“He… really… did it, in just three strikes…” Li Xie murmured.
He thought Li Batian could end Jiang Chen in three strikes yet such a dramatic thing happened. The shock he suffered was tremendous. Is Li Batian weak? No. Is Jiang Chen strong? They have no idea. Everyone’s face was blank except for Li Batian. Is this how it ends?
“Such a powerful fella.” Li Batian clenched his teeth. I’ve really underestimated him.
“Isn’t this too much? Repeling Li Batian in three strikes? Gosh! Is this fella born from a stone?” (Referring to Sun Wu Kong)
“Am I seeing things? To think that the one who lost is Li Batian.”
“No wonder he came back to Linhe Boundary in such a domineering manner, it looks like Divine Kings could not threaten him anymore..”
Countless disciples looked up. Although they hated Jiang Chen to the core, they still respected him as he was extremely powerful. To have such a talented and powerful demon born amongst their generation… No one knows whether it’s great news or bad… but at least it’s bad for the Clear Stream Sect.
Jiang Chen was composed as he gave out a smile. The disciples below gasped with terror. He’s a true monster.
“Good… Jiang Chen! I, Li Batian, am humbled.” Li Batian clenched his teeth.
Although he couldn’t accept his loss, it has become an undeniable fact.
“This kid is too monstrous, perhaps we cannot hold him back anymore. We must succeed in this battle! We must kill this ape to rid Linhe Boundary of such a monster!” Xuanyuan Zhong said.
“Dan Feng, Li Xie, fellow elders, please.” Xuanyuan Zhong said and the others nodded.
Dan Feng, Dan Kui, Li Xie, Li Batian, Di Longhuai and Di Longqing–six Divine King experts had gathered. At this moment, the six of them prepared their stance to kill Jiang Chen, not giving the opponent a chance to get away.
“Six at once, now that’s more like it, I’ve said it before, one is definitely not enough. Hahaha.” Jiang Chen took away his laughter, and his piercing gaze looked at his opponents.
Six Divine Kings, so what?
“To laugh while you’re going to die, colour this old one impressed. Your name shall be written in the records after today’s battle. But in a bad way!” Dan Feng said with disdain.
Although Li Batian suffered a loss. The six of them combined would certainly have enough force to take Jiang Chen down.
“You’re right, you’ll certainly cause more havoc if we let you go today, our Linhe Boundary will never be at peace. Die!” Li Xie said angrily. After all, the peerless disciples of the three great sects were all massacred by Jiang Chen.
“Bunch of old cunning fools, all of you, die together.”
Jiang Chen took out his blade and faced the six Divine Kings. The disciples below looked up in anticipation.
Jiang Chen, who was now a Half-Step Divine King, faced six Divine Kings, alone. Without using his Dragon Transformation to boot. It was truly an exciting battle to watch!
Jiang Chen wasn’t pushed back even though he was facing the six of them. The latter wasn’t holding back too as that was akin to suicide. Although Jiang Chen was just a Half-Step Divine King, he possessed the might of a Divine King. Although this caught them off guard, it did not stop their advances.
“This fella is too f*cking strong, when can I be half as great as him?”
“Yeah, I’m pumped just from watching their batlle. Jiang Chen is truly a demon lord. I have to say… he’s too powerful, all of us are not his match.”
“We think of him as a rival, but he may not even look at us. That is just how big of a gap we have. Sigh”
“Why is he acting so outrageously when he’s such a talented fella? I feel pity for Jiang Chen that he has to die at such a young age.”
“He can only blame himself for being too full of himself. He shouldn’t act so unruly just because he thinks he’s powerful. The experts of the whole Linhe Boundary have gathered to face him, can he face them all? Hilarious, this is a prime example of overconfidence.”
More people felt pity for Jiang Chen after he had given them a great shock. Yet, it was still a fact that he’s hated by everyone.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2669 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2670


A Man Who Is Never Content Is Like a Snake Trying to Swallow an Elephant
When the six great Divine Kings unleashed their great techniques, shining rays of light blast through the skies and terrifying sword qi flew up and shattered the surrounding mountains.
Nevertheless, Jiang Chen was still able to keep his opponents close without losing. His Heavenly Dragon Sword was unstoppable, causing his opponents unable to cut past his blade.
Swords and spears clashed, sparks flying all over the place. Jiang Chen was fending off the six great Divine Kings without much pressure as time went on even though they were doing their best to take him down.
Jiang Chen finally understood how dangerous it was to face a powerful foe. Those rays of light earlier could easily cause a serious wound if he was directly hit. He faced this battle with full concentration as this was his first time facing so many Divine Kings after his breakthrough.
“This lad is too cunning, like a slippery eel. Everyone, don’t hold back anymore, it may take too long if we hold back, kill him with all we got.” Dan Feng said.
Obviously, the six of them weren’t fighting with their all. After all, there were six of them fighting off a single target. Moreover, they could easily fight against a Mid Divine King expert if they only used 70% of their might. Yet they weren’t able to land any effective blows against Jiang Chen. Dan Feng was feeling extremely frustrated.
“Alright!” The others complied and attacked much stronger.
Jiang Chen sneered. Although the six of them were cooperating, they weren’t of a single unit. He had faced many Divine Kings before, this wasn’t his first time. The six of them weren’t much with the Heavenly Dragon Sword in his hands. Each of his blade strikes were faster than before, his techniques were getting better and better. Although he hasn’t reached the Sword Saint’s level, he’s still a force to be reckoned.
“The blade shall cut apart the wills of the heavens!
“Solitary!”
Jiang Chen unleashed the Sword of Solitary, it was much stronger than before with his cultivation level at the Half-Step Divine King now.
“Boy, let’s see how long you’ll last.” Li Batian sneered.
When the six of them finally overpowered him, Jiang Chen used the Sword of Solitary to finally push them back. However, they weren’t planning to give him any time to rest as they quickly went back for him.
“Divine Golden Bell: God Sealing Prohibition!”
Jiang Chen’s technique was swift, immediately trapping the six of them in the Divine Golden Bell. They were overpowered by the God Sealing Prohibition and were injured by Jiang Chen’s sword qi. Their expressions became pale as they looked at each other, they did not expect Jiang Chen to have such capabilities.
“Divine Golden Bell: God Sealing Prohibition? The secret technique of the Eastern Emperor Sect.” Xuanyuan Zhong said.
Everyone was stunned by his words. They did not expect Jiang Chen to use such a powerful technique that was able to injure them. At this moment, Jiang Chen stood proudly on the air with murderous intent in his eyes.
“What? Is that the rumoured Qilian Region’s Eastern Emperor Sect’s Eastern Emperor Limitless Art?” Dan Feng said in shock.
The Eastern Emperor Sect was one of the great sects of the Nine Regions, although different from theirs. However, the Eastern Emperor Sect’s fame dates several tens of thousands back, reaching even the Lone Dragon County. The Eastern Emperor Limitless Art was truly famous.
“Rumours have it that the God Sealing Prohibition is the Eastern Emperor Sect’s secret art. How does he know it? Did he join the Eastern Emperor Sect?” Li Xie said with a solemn expression, slightly stunned.
“Entering the Profound Wind Sect and then the Eastern Emperor Sect. Jiang Chen, you’re a fickle man,” Li Batian said with disdain.
“So what? I, Jiang Chen, do not need you guys to teach me how I do things. Hahaha.” Jiang Chen said in a domineering tone, ignoring their taunts and sneers.
“Looks like this kid thinks that he can reign supreme in the Linhe Boundary after learning some stuff from the Eastern Emperor Sect. Keep dreaming, kid. We will never let you have your ways.” Dan Kui said in disdain.
Although they were pushed back by Jiang Chen, he was still within the Clear Stream Sect’s boundaries. They weren’t worried about Jiang Chen running away.
“Comrades, I hope all of you will join hands together. Although the six of us here are strong, it seems we’re still short, I hope comrades shall lend a hand.” Di Longhuai looked at the dozen or so Divine King experts behind Xuanyuan Zhong.
They were the top elders of the sects, those supreme elders that undergo seclusion. Their capabilities were nothing to scoff at, too. These elders wouldn’t have come out from their seclusion if Jiang Chen didn’t destroy so many sects. The top elders of the 14 sects have gathered in this place.
“Alright, we’re ready to battle even if Brother Di did not ask, haha.”
“You’re right, he’s just a mere Half-Step Divine King, I refuse to believe that he could withstand the might of twenty Divine King experts. Today, Jiang Chen will die!”
The 14 Divine King experts behind Xuanyuan Zhong joined in the fray.
“Great, that’s more like it, twenty Divine King experts. Today, I, Jiang Chen, will fight towards the end. I’ll kill each and every one of you, no matter how many comes.” Jiang Chen said coldly.
At this moment, his heart turned cold, without a shred of anger, only murderous intent remained. Countless men died because of him when the alliance wanted him dead. The Profound Wind Sect was almost destroyed and Dragon Shisan almost died, including himself.
Therefore, Jiang Chen does not have a single shred of pity towards these people. They should all be dead. Had they forgotten how they had treated him? What kinds of methods did they employ? They should’ve known that he would come back for revenge. Karma always strikes back.
Jiang Chen wasn’t cold blooded, this happened thanks to the actions of others. He wanted to be kind, but people forced him to become a butcher in this man-eating world. People will find their ways to devour you if you’re not powerful.
The laws of the Divine World… Jiang Chen understood it, it was the same as the Immortal World. It’s just much more cruel, that’s all. He has to use his own two fists to create a path of his own.
Those who kill are not necessarily bad, those who do kill but push you towards the edge are much scarier. The human mind was indeed scary.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2670 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2671


Three Thousand Miles of Ice
“You all came on time. Hahaha. Twenty Divine Kings are here only to catch me. I really want to see if you have such capability. Even if you are from Hundred Sects Alliance, what do I need to be afraid of?”
Jiang Chen’s arrogance had provoked everyone’s anger. In the face of the twenty Divine Kings who joined hands to deal with him, his battle spirit became more intense!
“I am going to enjoy the killing and see who can stop me.”
Jiang Chen was not slow in action. Immediately, he casted the dragon transformation and fought with the twenty of them  effortlessly. With his dragon transformation, Divine Kings could not match him at all. When he was only a Late Heavenly God, he already managed to overcome Dou Ling and Luo Qinghe who were Middle Divine Kings. He was even more powerful now and invincible. Each of them looked extremely solemn.
With Jiang Chen’s Heavenly Dragon Sword reaching another realm, even if he could not reach his enemy, his sword would be able to slice them. The dreadful sword qi pierced through the void.
The twenty of them did not dare to relax at all, but they still could not gain any upper hand. Jiang Chen was like an unparalleled war god. In the face of twenty Divine Kings, he was able to gain the upper hand in the battle with his Half-step Divine King cultivation realm. The entire Linhe Boundary was impressed.
“This guy is unbelievably strong. He must be killed. Must be killed.”
Xuanyuan Zhong said with a low voice. If Jiang Chen was not killed, none of them would be relieved.
If they allowed the tiger back to its mountain again, they could not imagine how much strength it would be able to gain next time. Fortunately, Jiang Chen was arrogant and conceited. He was not strong enough to come back here. If he was a Hierarch, Xuanyuan Zhong knew that he would also need to bow down to him despite capturing his father.. Fortunately, although Jiang Chen’s only a Half-step Divine King now, he already wanted to fight with all the experts. Xuanyuan Zhong found him extremely foolish.
“Haha. Why are you guys so weak? If you don’t do your best now, don’t blame me for being ruthless later.”
Jiang Chen sneered coldly. He was not afraid at all in the face of twenty Divine Kings. He continued to launch attacks with his sword. It was unbeatable. Moreover, his powerful strength of recovery greatly helped him in the battle. None of the twenty Divine Kings had such cards. Jiang Chen could actually set up his own sect and become the master.
“Kid, don’t be happy now. You don’t have such capability.”
“Later, you’ll mourn sadly. Humph. Bastard, you should die.”
The twenty Divine Kings exerted all of their skills and cards. They were extremely brutal, intending to take Jiang Chen down. However, it was extremely difficult. They thought that they would be able to tortune Jiang Chen to death. Unexpectedly, Jiang chen was like a war god who had unlimited determination and overbearing aura.
“Three Thousand Miles of Ice!”
Jiang Chen was sweeping across the entire universe. His Three thousand Miles of Ice pushed the twenty of them far away. The dreadful power of ice had put all of them in despair. All of them were injured severely after being repulsed badly. Their faces looked extremely shocked as they realized that Jiang Chen was indeed too powerful.
Jiang Chen stood with pride and gave a faint smile. He was invincible, who can fight him? Even Xuanyuan Zhong did not dare to fight him now because he would not perform as well as Jiang Chen in the face of twenty Divine King experts. At the moment, everyone trembled in fear as they looked at the Three Thousands Miles of Ice.
“Even twenty Divine Kings can’t hold a candle against Jiang Chen. They even lost their advantage and were suppressed by Jiang Chen. It’s really shameful to the Linhe Boundary.”
Xuanyuan Zhong knew that it’s time to make an ending.
“Anyone?”
Jiang Chen said proudly while looking around with his sharp eagle-like eyes.
Xuanyuan Zhong smiled coldly and looked at Jiang Chen. He then said dismissively:
“Anyone? I am going to show you someone whom you would be fond of.”
Jiang Chen shivered in his heart. He had been feeling uneasy these days. Who was that guy? Who was the guy whom he really wanted to see?
“What do you mean?”
However, Jiang Chen remained calm and looked at Xuanyuan Zhong.
“You will know soon. Elder Ti, bring him here.”
Xuanyuan Zhong said.
“Yes, sect master.”
Ti Longhuai smiled coldly and immediately entered the sect.
Except Divine Pill Sect and Ghost Eye Sect, the other sect masters were confused. What does the sect master of Clear Stream Sect want to do?
No one knew. Jiang Chen was anxious but he had no clue.
“Jiang Chen. He is Jiang Chen. The son Brother Zhen mentioned before should be this guy. These people used Brother Zhen to threaten Jiang Chen.”
Ling Ruyue stood somewhere afar while looking at this scene. Nevertheless, she could still feel the cruel killing intent filling up the entire Clear Stream Sect. Each of their lives was in danger now. She was too weak to be there, that was why she could only observe the situation.
Minutes passed, and Ti Longhuai brought a middle-aged man who was clothed in a ragged. The man looked thin and weak. The beard on his face also showed what he had been going through. He looked dirty and pitiful. However, Jiang Chen’s gaze stunned at the man.
“Father!”
Jiang Chen could not imagine that the Clear Stream Sect had caught his father. Wasn’t his father enjoying his life at the Immortal World? Why is he here? Jiang Chen was very sure that his man was his father–Jiang Zhenhai.
“Little Chen? My son……”
Jiang Zhenhai raised his head suddenly and his eyesight seems clearer now. It was full of missing and compassion. No matter how strong or weak he was or where he was, Jiang Zhenhai could not help suppressing his emotion when he saw his own son. He assumed both the role of a father and a mother to raise up Jiang Chen since he was young. Jiang Zhenhai could lose anything but he could not lose his son.
Jiang Zhen was a tough man and he almost never shed any tears in his lifetime. However, when he met his son again, he felt extremely bitter in his heart. Others might not know, but he could see that his son had gone through too much suffering and obstacles throughout the days. The aura of Jiang Chen was completely different from what he used to have in Immortal World. His restrained manner and inner determination was not the same anymore. He could not explain this with words. He knew that Jiang Chen had endured many trials alone in the Divine World and Jiang Chen would not tell others about it. Jiang Chen could only bear everything alone.
Jiang Zhenhai had no chance to tell Jiang Chen all of these feelings because if he did not leave immediately, he would be tortured by all these experts from Clear Stream Sect. He would be doomed to lose his life here.
“Hurry up, leave here. They will kill you.”
Jiang Zhenhaid shouted with tears in his eyes. Jiang Chen’s heart trembled at the moment and his face became pale.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2671 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2672


If You Strike Me, I Will Strike Your Father in Return
Jiang Chen looked at his father’s traumatised face, and forced himself to show a smile. He shook his head and looked at Xuanyuan Zhong.
“Let go of my father.”
“Owh? Are you talking to me? Jiang Chen, the unparalleled monstrous devil finally submits himself to me? Hahaha.”
Xuanyuan Zhong shook his head and heaved a sigh. His eyes shone at this moment.
“Where’s your arrogance now? Where’s your mad overbearing manner? Jiang Chen, I have never expected that you will come today.”
Xuanyuan Zhong said dismissively. Everyone had their own weaknesses. Jiang Chen’s weakness obviously was that he overvalued his family, that was why he became this vulnerable now.
“How could you not release my father? This is none of his business. If you have anything against me then just come to me.”
Jiang Chen said in a deep voice. He could not tolerate this at all but his heart had been troubled ever since he saw his father.
“Everyone, let’s see how strong Jiang Chen is. If you strike me, then I will return the strike on your father. Let’s see if you are stronger than your father.”
Xuanyuan Zhong looked at Jiang Chen.
“Leave this place, Little Chen. Don’t worry about me, you won’t be able to defeat them.”
Jiang Zhenhai tried his best to break free from them but to no avail. If Xuanyuan Zhong took a slight action, his life would be terminated immediately. That was why Jiang Chen could not do anything at this moment. He did not dare to take any action as his father’s life was in their hands. Jiang Chen knew that he had all kinds of tricks but he was still trapped.
Lin Ruyue kept rubbing her hands and she looked pale, but she was of no use. She did not have the strength to fight with these Divine King experts at all. She could only look at her beloved Brother Zhenhai  being tortured by them ruthlessly. Even his son, who was supposedly shining like a bright star, was currently in a dilemma.
“I don’t want you to die as it’s too cheap for you to die. I want you to be slaughtered by the hundreds and thousands of souls in the Falling Wind Canyon and suffer great pain before death.”
Xuanyuan Zhong’s words caught everyone’s attention. It would surely be a great suffering to Jiang Chen.
“Faster, leave! You… this bad kid, don’t you listen to me anymore?”
Jiang Zhenhai’s anger was completely provoked and his eyes were filled with blood. His hands were trembling, however, he was still under Xuanyuan Zhong’s suppression. As long as he had any intention to move, he  might be killed by Xuanyuan Zhong anytime.
“Remember what you said. Otherwise, I will definitely eliminate the entire Clear Stream Sect and turn it into hell.”
Jiang Chen said in a deep voice. He did not dare to see his father’s face which was now full of tears. That was the pain he found most unbearable.
Jiang Chen kneeled down slowly somewhere far from his father.
“I am not filial to you, father.”
Jiang Chen had been an arrogant man who never bowed down to heaven or earth, but he  kneeled down for his father.
Looking at Jiang Chen, Jiang zhenhai almost fainted. Why didn’t you leave?I would rather not have you as my son. I beg you to leave immediately. Jiang Zhenhai was not willing to see his own son suffer because of him.
When he stepped into the Divine World, he did not use his real name because he was worried that he would bring danger to his son. However, it was still found out by Wang Jianji. Jiang Zhenhai had only told Lin Ruyue about this before because he missed his son too much. He was unwilling to lie to Lin Ruyue, so he told her the truth. However, who knew that he would cause such great trouble and became his son’s biggest burden.
“It’s my fault. It’s all my fault.”
Jiang Zhenhai hated himself very much but what could he do? Jiang Chen was still in great danger.
“Hahaha, I am going to see how stubborn you are.”
Ti Longqing smiled coldly and took the initiative, attacking Jiang Chen. The other twenty Divine King experts started attacking Jiang Chen as well at this moment. After their onslaught, Jiang Chen stood up but he did not strike back.
Ti Longhuai and the others were stunned for a moment but they continued to send out heavy blows. Twenty Divine King experts launched their most terrifying attack against Jiang Chen.
Each of their formidable palm strikes landed on Jiang Chen heavily but Jiang Chen did not defend against them at all. Fortunately, Jiang Chen was very strong. A Hierarch expert would have been killed by such an alliance of twenty Divine King Realm experts.
“Puuuu……”
Jiang Chen spurted out a mouthful of blood, looking pale. Despite the storm-like attack, he remained standing still.
“Son, my son…….”
Jiang Zhenhai trembled and tears kept rolling down from his bloody red eyes. However, he, as a father, was powerless at this moment. It was all because of him, a disappointing father.
Jiang Zhenhai’s regret and hatred were all stuck in his heart.
“Father, this is what I deserve.”
Jiang Chen smiled while blood kept coming out from the corner of his mouth. His body was full of wounds and blood while all of his bones and veins were broken.
Jiang Zhenhai’s eyesight became blurred and, slowly, the light in his eyes disappeared as if boundless darkness fell on him. Jiang Zhenhai became blind.
Deep inside in his heart, he was unwilling to see his son being beaten up without any resistance. He did not even want this scene to stay in his mind. He could not see what was happening in front of him anymore, however, the pain in his heart remained.
Jiang Chen gritted his teeth  hard, he was as still as a rock. He did not give up and did not fight back.
Jiang Chen was now full blood as all of the meridians were broken and his cultivation realm seemed to vanish as well due to the severe injury. Even the Wooden Spirit couldn’t make any difference and he might need more than a thousand years to recover from such injury.
Looking at how Jiang Chen was being tortured, Xuanyuan Zhong and others became more excited.
“Aren’t you wild? Aren’t you arrogant? Aren’t you very powerful? Now you are still under our attack.”
Li Batian stared at the sky with pride. He finally felt slightly relieved after taking revenge. Jiang Chen’s bones and meridians were shattered completely. He could not pose any threat anymore and he lost all of his combat strength.
“My son, my son. Puuuuu…….”
Jiang Zhenhai started getting sick due to depression. He spurt out some blood while his heart was like being torn apart. Which father could bear to see his son being tortured like this? Obviously, he could not stand it anymore.
“Jiang Chen looked no different from a dead man right now. In the past, you have killed so many innocent people and slaughtered so many geniuses. Now, I want everyone in the entire Linhe Boundary to see that you are a rubbish.” Xuanyuan Zhong said with a deep voice.
“This is karma. Hahaha.”
“Not bad. This guy should have died a hundred thousand times by now.”
“Sect master, thank you very much. You decide how to handle Jiang Chen.”
“Kill him and chop him into pieces. He must be killed!”
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2672 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2673


I Miss My Son
Xuanyuan Zhong looked at all of them and whispered.
“Just kill him? It seems like you want to let him off lightly. Haha. He is supposed to suffer the torment and the Falling Wind Canyon will be the ultimate resting place for him.”
At this moment, even Ti Longhuai took a cold breath as the Falling Wind Canyon had always been known as the most terrifying place in the entire Linhe Boundary. There were countless ghosts with solitary souls in the Falling Wind Canyon. Those who were filled with resentments, refused to go through reincarnation and were eventually buried in that place. That place writhed with Heavenly Lightnings and there were countless experts who had lost their lives there. It was said that the Falling Wind Canyon used to be an ancient battlefield. However, it had become a place that was full of ghosts and countless Heavenly Tribulation Lightning, it was definitely a place of death for the people in Linhe Boundary.
Years ago, a Hierarch expert refused to believe it and fell apart in the Falling Wind Canyon as a result.
Jiang Chen was at the death’s door now, he would have died miserably if he was thrown into the Falling Wind Canyon. It sounded more tragic and cruel than killing him directly.
“You made a promise to spare my father’s life.”
Jiang Chen said while gritting his teeth. He had suffered severe injuries at this moment while most of them kept leaving some terrible marks on his body. His injury was getting worse and it seemed like he was fading away.
However, Jiang Chen did not lose faith to protect his father till the end of his life.
“Oh, well. Our Clear Stream Sect will never break our words. Even though you’re wretched and despicable with bloodstained hands, our Clear Steam Sect will never go back on our word.”
Ti Longhuai took Jiang Zhenhai from Xuanyuan Zhong. Jiang Zhenhai had already lost the sight of both eyes. Although he was not able to see his son, he was experiencing a sentiment of remorse and wild regrets.
“Son, I am sorry.”
Jiang Zhenhai murmured under his breath and his voice was hoarse, Jiang Chen was the only one who could hear it.
“I will not kill him. But I think there will be more interesting and exciting ways than just killing him.”
Ti Longhuai looked cold and gloomy. Jiang Chen narrowed his eyes and wanted to get up from the ground but it sounded like an extravagance to him now.
“Hiss!”
Ti Longhuai reached out and gripped both hands, he tore both of Jiang Zhenhai’s arms off. Jiang Zhenhai moaned with pain while a resurgence of grief swept over Jiang Chen, his eyes were filled with deep hatred.
Everyone was watching this silently as they thought that Jiang Chen deserved the punishment.
“I will kill you. I will kill all of you.”
Jiang Chen said and gritted his teeth in anger. He was boiling with rage at this moment.
“No……”
After watching Jiang Chen’s wretched condition, Lin Ruyue could not stand it any more and leapt up in the void. Unfortunately, she was immediately defeated by Ti Longhuai’s strike and suffered a serious injury before she could approach him.
“Are you Ruyue?”
The sharp terrible pain in Jiang Zhenhai’s body was incomparable with the vast grief and sorrow that he had suffered in his heart.
“Son, I am truly sorry.”
“Dad, it is unnecessary for you to feel sorry to me even if the entire universe is devastated.”
Jiang Chen’s eyes looked extremely pitiful but the familial love made his heart boil wildly.
“One day in the Immortal World is equivalent to one year in Divine World. You have left for more than a thousand years, I……”
Jiang Zhenhai looked down and said it after musing for a moment.
“I miss my son.”
These words were as heavy as a mountain and made Jiang Chen feel despair, feeling like a knife was piercing through his heart. It was true that he swept over the whole Divine World recklessly and treated everyone arrogantly. He had never thought about his one and only dad.
Jiang Zhenhai felt at ease in the Immortal World but the only concern in his heart was his son that he had not seen for over a thousand years. He missed his son. Jiang Zhenhai had concealed that kind of fatherly love in his heart for years. However, he neither mentioned it nor searched for him, as he felt hopeful and eager to stay in the same world with his son.
Fortune and glory was unbeatable, but it was still incomparable to a father’s warm thoughts. At this moment, Jiang Chen’s heart became delightful while his eyes looked calm and unmoved. However, his heart was raging wildly at the same time like the eruption of a volcano, it seemed like he was going to destroy the whole world!
Jiang Chen raised his head and drained all of his energy. He exhausted all of his energy just to stand straight. It was like thousands of mountains and roofs supporting his fighting will of steel, which made him get up and did not collapse once again.
“Father.”
Jiang Chen said it slowly. But finally, he realized how important his dad was to him.
“I would make the entire Linhe Boundary be my slave forever! I will eliminate everything in the Clear Stream Sect!
Jiang Chen said with tears in his eyes, glaring furiously at Ti Longhuai, Xuanyuan Zhong and the rest of them.
Even though Jiang Chen had suffered severe injuries and was at death’s door, he still managed to get up and everyone was filled with astonishment. Although the meridians and bones in his whole body were utterly shattered, he was still able to stand up through his tough and strong will.
“How could this guy be able to stand up again? It is just too terrifying.”
“He is still a useless disabled person even if he could get up again. What could he do to us now? Humph. He got what he deserved, this is all his own doing.”
“He is supposed to die. This dirty bastard killed countless people. No one will take pity on him even if he dies.”
Jiang Chen had received a torrent of scornful and sarcastic remarks but he did not care about their thoughts as his father was his only concern at this moment. What his dad told him had created  earth shaking changes in Jiang Chen’s inner world.
“You’re at death’s door now. Why are you still trying to get up? Haha. Just take back your dad. Hahaha.”
After finishing his words, Jiang Zhenhai was thrown by Ti Longhuai towards Jiang Chen. Ti Longhuai struck out a blow and smashed the meridians and bones in Jiang Zhenhai’s body. He was nearly dying like Jiang Chen.
Jiang Chen’s eyes flashed angrily and he roared furiously, his glare blazed with rage. At this moment, a flame leapt up towards the sky and the entire Clear Stream Sect felt impressed and thrilled as the flame was a Fire Qilin and its strength was comparable to Mid Divine King Realm. Even the Sect Lord of the Clear Stream Sect, Xuanyuan Zhong became extremely dignified and worried at this moment.
“Brother Zhen……Brother Zhen……”
Lin Ruyue was toddling off to Jiang Haizhen, she looked miserable and suffering. She would have died if Jiang Haizhen did not save her life previously. But there was nothing she could do but watch him writhing in the torment of hell helplessly at this moment.
The Fire Qilin soared up into the heavens and caught Jiang Haizhen. The mightiness of the Qilin had frightened the whole universe and everyone drew a few steps backward. The Fire Qilin stood beside Jiang Chen and roared furiously. Everyone looked ghastly pale and dignified at this moment.
“Even the Fire Qilin is trying to shield him?”
“The Fire Qilin is too terrifying. Is it an Ancient Divine Beast?”
“This guy is just lucky enough to have the Fire Qilin as his shield. I admire his fortune.”
“This Fire Qilin is a Divine Beast. It will definitely bring great benefits to our Clear Stream Sect if we could soothe the beast successfully.”
Xuanyuan Zhong’s eyes glimmered with light, fixing his gaze at the Fire Qilin.
“Jiang Chen, are you alright?”
The Fire Qilin looked at Jiang Chen and made all the strong experts in all directions step backward with a tremendous roar. A Fire Qilin that has the strength of a Mid Divine King Realm, hence ordinary people would never be able to resist its strength easily. Even an ordinary Divine King Realm expert was completely no match for it.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2673 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2674


Myriad Qi Healing the Body
“I won’t die for now.”
Jiang Chen gritted his teeth, looking at his dad who was fading away and Lin Ruyue who was running towards his father and bowing in front of him. Jiang Chen felt truly miserable and sorrowful.
“Brother Zhen, Brother Zhen……I am here!”
Lin Ruyue burst into tears and hugged Jiang Zhenhai tightly. Her whole body was trembling uncontrollably.
“Ruyue……Are you here? Son, you should leave. Leave now!”
“I swear to take revenge for you, dad.”
Jiang Chen said with a forced smile at the corner of his mouth. He vowed to get even with all of them later, and none of them should be allowed to escape from him. He would definitely make the entire Clear Stream Sect, Divine Pill Sect and Ghost Eye Sect devastated and annihilated utterly.
“Please take good care of my father!”
Jiang Chen waved his hands immediately and sent the both of them into the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda.
Jiang Chen’s eyes were extremely cold and full of killing intent, but he remained calm which startled the Fire Qilin. The calm before the storm was the most dreadful moment. Moving like a dragon and frightening the whole world! Unfortunately, Jiang Chen was a cripple at this moment, even the Wood Spirit could not recover  his strength within a short period of time.
However, Jiang Chen decided to take the bull by the horn with sharp determination. He got up.
“The debt of blood should be paid with your life.”
Even if Jiang Chen eliminated the entire Clear Stream Sect, it would not be enough to pay for the debt as each drop of his father’s blood was too precious for him.
“You’re going to die soon. Attack, make sure to take the Fire Qilin alive!”
This time, Xuanyuan Zhong was full of killing intent and was determined to kill Jiang Chen. His gaze was exceedingly frightful. Even though he was one of the overlords who had experienced all the ups and downs over a thousand years, he was unwilling to see Jiang Chen’s arrogance and coldness.
Jiang Chen’s eyes remained cold and gloomy as always. The moment that he was staring at the jaws of death and nearly died after suffering severe injuries, the Myriad Qi Cauldron exploded instantly and released the invincible Myriad Qi and circulated in Jiang Chen’s body.
“Kill without mercy!”
Xuan Yuanzhong’s gaze turned cold and the twenty Divine King experts struck out at the same time. They rushed at Jiang Chen immediately. Even if Jiang Chen was shielded by the Fire Qilin, with such a large number of Divine Kings is still a difficult task and might even put the Fire Qillin in big trouble.
“Twelve Fire God Guards, protect me!’
Jiang Chen’s expression changed and he commanded the twelve Fire God Guards to strike out together. Each of them was just at the Half-step Divine King Realm as Jiang Chen did not have sufficient time to refine them. The strength of the Fire God Guards would never advance to a higher level if it was not refined with the Karmic Fire of the Red Lotus. If the twelve of them reached the Divine King Realm and struck out together, Jiang Chen believed that all of these experts would surely collapse completely.
Even so, the Twelve Fire God Guards were not inferior to the enemy. Even while confronting six of the Divine King experts, the formation was still formed successfully, they were even at a disadvantage! The twelve Fire God Guards and the Five Elemental Trigram Fire Formation worked perfectly without Jiang Chen’s command. They were not afraid of death. Since they were exceedingly formidable and irresistible, it was unnecessary for Jiang Chen to worry about them at this moment.
Six of the Divine Kings were confronting the perfect teamwork of the twelve Fire God Guards. They failed to gain the upper hand. Meanwhile, the Fire Qilin was competing against fourteen Early Divine King experts alone. The Qilin looked overbearing and arrogant. Since it was a Divine Beast with extraordinary talent, he even has the ability of retaining his memories which was way stronger than other ordinary Divine Beasts. Beside the dragon and the phoenix, even the White Tiger and Profound Tortoise would not be able to compare with his magnificence and mightiness.
Jiang Chen looked dignified as he was completely covered by the Myriad Qi Cauldron. Countless Myriad Qi was pouring down into his body continuously like a waterfall. He felt that his entire body was relieved and comfortable.
“You didn’t even care about your own health. Without the Myriad Qi, even Hierarch experts will not be able to save your life now.”
The Red Lotus in the Myriad Qi Cauldron heaved a sigh and said without showing her real body. Nevertheless, Jiang Chen’s growth in strength had truly made her feel impressed and astonished. How many years did he spend to reach this level? Jiang Chen was even capable of fighting against Divine Kings now. Unfortunately, he was ruled by his emotions and troubled himself with sentiment.
“However, it sounds great at the same time. The Myriad Qi comes from the Myriad Qi Cauldron. In those years, apart from those in the Primordial World, is there anyone who could be healed by the Myriad Qi Cauldron? It is your fortune.”
The Red Lotus entered the Myriad Qi Cauldron. Jiang Chen looked solemn as he was not aware that the Myriad Qi in the Myriad Qi Cauldron was this precious. Even those Hierarch Realm experts treated it like a treasure, it would make a drastic change in their entire life if they could obtain it. However, he exhausted the Myriad Qi just to recover his strength, which was completely a waste.
Under the Myriad Qi Cauldron, Jiang Chen’s body recovered rapidly. The recovery was impressive and unbelievable, even the Wood Spirit was incomparable to it. This was the real recovery capability and Jiang Chen felt truly frightened. The Myriad Qi Cauldron kept healing his body. After experiencing the refining and cultivation of the Myriad Qi Cauldron, Jiang Chen’s body was becoming exceedingly formidable, even comparable to those of a Heavenly Divine Tool!
“What is happening? This guy is recovering continuously. How could this happen? The world is full of amazing and unimaginable things. This cauldron is a great treasure. It seems like there are some secrets hidden in Jiang Chen’s body.”
Xuan YuanZhong was shocked, looking worried. Jiang Chen was fully covered by the Divine Cauldron while the invisible mysterious gases kept pouring into Jiang Chen’s body. The shattered tendons and bones started to recover, becoming stronger and tougher.
Jiang Chen felt like getting help from the gods. He raised his head and saw the Myriad Qi in the Myriad Qi Cauldron was being engulfed completely by himself. His strength was utterly recovered at this moment. He was way stronger and he was apparently approaching the Divine King Realm and he was about to make a breakthrough. However, he would wait for an opportunity as it was not as easy to make a breakthrough to the Divine King Realm.
At this moment, the twelve Fire God Guards were slowly defeated by the six Divine Kings. Even though they were just puppets, they were still suffering a terrible defeat. The alliance of six Divine Kings had made the Twelve Fire God Guard suffer a great loss.
On the other hand, the Fire Qilin was completely constrained by ten Divine Kings intensely. Although its strength was considered as formidable and unbeatable, it failed to resist their attacks. It was not Jiang Chen and it was not as arrogant as Jiang Chen. However, the fourteen Divine King experts were also slightly injured while dealing with the Fire Qilin.
Jiang Chen raised his head slowly and kept the cauldron. He stepped forward and shattered thousands of mountains. Jiang Chen’s eyes swept over like the sharp edges of the sword. He devastated the living things in the world wildly and furiously.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2674 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2675


It’s Time to Start Slaughtering
Jiang Chen’s eyes were like scorching fire, giving out dazzling radiance. His hair was dancing in the wind and his aura was terrifying. He was like a phoenix reviving in the fire.
When everyone looked at him, they all felt a great pressure released by his eyes alone. Xuanyuan Zhong was the sect master of Clear Stream Sect and his strength was well-recognised by the entire Linhe Boundary. He was also the one most qualified to make decisions for a situation. However, he now became extremely serious and depressed at the moment. He did not know why Jiang Chen seemed to have experienced some great transformation and became more powerful than before. His cultivation realm did not advance much but his eyes made people feel very uncomfortable.
“Even if he’s strong, he is still a Half-step Divine King. Why do we need to be afraid?” Xuanyuan Zhong thought.
However, how Jiang Chen made an absolute counterattack. It was very astonishing given that he was badly beaten by twenty Divine Kings just a while ago. He was still able to stand up again now. It’s really impressive to see a person who had such dreadful strength of recovery.
Ti Longhuai, Dan Feng and the others’ countenance fell. At the moment, they all looked at Jiang Chen managing to stand up from the predicament. They were all startled.
“Why didn’t he die?”
“He’s too strong. I thought he would definitely die. We wanted to throw him to the Falling Wind Crayon earlier, but it seems like we are going to go through a battle now.”
“After all, this Jiang Chen is indeed a curse to us. We must eliminate him.”
Countless experts nodded silently. As soon as Jiang Chen came out again, they already felt extremely threatened.
“You seem very composed. Seems like the injury you suffered has almost recovered already.”Xuanyuan Zhong looked at Jiang Chen and said.
“You’re right. I am going to eliminate the entire Clear Stream Sect now. I actually only planned to kill you guys, the top dogs, and did not want to involve those innocent people. However, how you treated my father changed my mind.”
Jiang Chen stopped for a second and looked around the entire Clear Stream Sect. He then said coldly:
“Everyone should die!”
Jiang Chen’s words sounded very ruthless, however, it didn’t affect most of the disciples of the Clear Stream Sect because they only listened to their sect master, Xuanyuan Zhong. He was the real king here and the real leader. As long as he was still here, Clear Stream Sect would not collapse and would not fall. Whatever Jiang Chen had done would become a joke for them in the future.
“Humph Humph. What a shame. Our sect master and the remaining twenty Divine King experts are still alive. Who is he here when they are still here.”
“You’re right. He really thinks that he is the king? I am still here, if you’re capable, you just come kill me.”
“He’s just a lunatic. How can he achieve anything? Although he is slightly more powerful than us, is he really more powerful than our sect master?  I do not believe so.”
“He’s only courting his own death. Our sect master will not tolerate him to be this reckless. Our sect master is kind and merciful. He doesn’t know what death is. Let’s see how he is going to be killed by the sect master soon.”
Jiang Chen did not say much. A great battle was going to break out soon. These people were ignorant and shameless and Jiang Chen finally knew how inhumane and immoral Clear Stream Sect was.  It was a terrible and shameless sect. It’s a madly arrogant sect that did not have the qualification to call itself the number-one sect.
Jiang Chen smiled faintly, but no one knew how bitter his smile was. His father’s life was in danger now because of Ti LongHuai. How would Jiang Chen spare them kindness?
It’s time to slaughter!
“Jiang Chen, it’s time to end your era.”
Xuanyuan Zhong frowned his forehead. It’s finally time for him to take action now. If Jiang Chen continues to make a mess, how is Clear Stream Sect going to keep its dignity? How is Xuanyuan Zhong going to persuade everyone?
“Go die now!”
Xuanyuan Zhong stuck out a thunderous attack which was like a Buddha’s palm strike, falling down from heaven and pressing against the void. The void space that was surrounding Jiang Chen was completely crashed. He seemed to be defeated by the palm as well.
Early Divine King Realm and Mid Divine King Realm were two completely different realms. Being the sect master of Clear Stream Sect, Xuanyuan Zhong was undeniably strong. His palm strike could shatter mountains and rivers and turn everything into dust.
“You want to kill me with such a little trick, don’t you? You might be too naive.”
Jiang Chen smiled proudly. With dragon transformation, his palm strike managed to confront Xuanyuan Zhong’s powerful strike. Jiang Chen was now more formidable, defeating Xuanyuan Zhong’s palm strike completely. But he also took a few steps backwards, both of them were actually neck-to-neck in the battle.
“Good fight!”
Fire Qilin’s eyes shone as he became excited when he saw  how Jiang Chen made a heavy blow against Xuanyuan Zhong. The blood in his body was boiling at the moment.
Xuanyuan Zhong’s countenance fell as he thought his strike would defeat Jiang Chen and then gain the victory consequently. That strike had actually used up eighty percent of his power but it was still defeated by Jiang Chen unexpectedly. It was startling.
“What a dreadful guy, seems like I should not have any reservations anymore.”
Xuanyuan Zhong became extra careful now and took action again to wrestle with Jiang Chen. He held a halberd to fight with Jiang Chen again. The battle became quite intense. No one expected Jiang Chen, who was only a Half-step Divine King, to fight Xuanyuan Zhong. He was not defeated at all. This was an unexpected result to all of them.
The Heavenly Dragon Sword and the Halberd were wrestling against each other while giving off dazzling radiance that made everyone hard to open their eyes. Jiang Chen’s strength advanced by leaps and bounds with the dragon transformation and Myriad Qi’s assistance. His body was comparable to a Heavenly Divine Tool now. A normal person would not be able to break his defense even if Jiang Chen did not counterattack.
“Halberd, break the void!”
A strike of the Divine Halberd fell from the sky. Jiang Chen took a step back to charge his attack and swept across the void. Sword shadows wrestled with the Divine Halberd above the void. Countless disciples who were below True God Realm were shaken by the shock caused by the battle. Everyone was frightened as the radiance from the battle had swept across half of the Clear Stream Sect.
The battle was not over yet, but Xuanyuan Zhong’s face looked gloomy now. If the battle continued like this, he was afraid that the foundation of the Clear Stream Sect would really be destroyed.
“I’ll wait for you at the peak of the mountain! It’s very cruel to involve and kill so many innocent lives in the battle.
“Hahah, is there anyone innocent in your sect? I have said so before, no one in the Clear Stream Sect will survive.”
Jiang Chen roared madly. You forced me to do this.
“Fight without any scruples. A battle is supposed to be hearty and delightful. Hahaha.”
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2675 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2676


Heartless
Jiang Chen wantonly attacked. The whole Clear Stream Sect became pale and they quickly evacuated from the area. Jiang Chen did not have the least bit of mercy anymore. The moment his father was harmed, he had decided that the whole sect should pay for the price.
“Jiang Chen, you’re the devil! Thousands of innocent disciples died because of you! Do you not have a conscience?”
Xuanyuan Zhong questioned Jiang Chen coldly.
“What did my father do wrong? Why must you prosecute him? Don’t you all have a conscience?” Jiang Chen asked with his piercing words!
Xuanyuan Zhong’s breath stagnated although his expression remained cold.
“Your father is just a single man. What did my ten thousand disciples do wrong?”
“Hahaha, this is a damn joke, is there a difference in killing a person and ten thousand people? Not even Lord Buddha from the Supreme Heaven could answer that question. What gives the Clear Stream Sect the right to flaunt? My father has never done anything wrong in his whole life, he lived a life of benevolence, what did he do wrong? Why don’t you answer me?
“Since you’re not going to answer, then, let me tell you, your ten thousand disciples couldn’t even be compared to a single strand of hair of my father. ”
Jiang Chen’s eyes were filled with tears. At that moment, the flame of his anger was burning at its finest. What did my father do wrong to suffer such injustice?
Jiang Chen looked at the sky and pointed his blade towards the cloud, he then cursed the heavens:
“Where is justice? Since you’re not going to judge, I shall then execute the justice that should be served for the heavens. My Dao is the Heavenly Dao!”
Jiang Chen’s voice reached far and wide. Thunder clouds gathered in the sky, as if the anger of the heavens was provoked.
Xuanyuan Zhong and the others were dumbfounded. Jiang Chen pointed his blade towards and cursed the heavens, causing thunder and lightning to fall before this place.
“Heaven? So what? My Dao can only be tread by me, Jiang Chen.” Jiang Chen sneered, not fearing the lightning and thunder above him as he launched himself towards Xuanyuan Zhong.
“Azure Dragon’s Five Steps!” Jiang Chen’s footsteps were firm.
His aura was getting fiercer every step he took, his qi reached the peak after five steps. The battle between the two of them had reached another height as the intensity of the battle increased further. The casualties of the disciples have reached several thousand.
Xuanyuan Zhong’s anger had also reached the limit. As the helmsman of the Clear Stream Sect, as one of the leading figures of the Linhe Boundary, one that was acknowledged by many, Xuanyuan Zhong cannot lose.
“Xuanyuan Halberd! Pierce the sky! Who can withstand its might?!”
The two clashed once again as the divine halberd came from the sky.
“Solitary!”
Jiang Chen got pushed back by Xuanyuan Zhong, his expression became slightly pale.  Xuanyuan Zhong was different from your average Mid Divine King experts, he’s stronger than those lots, as expected from the lord of the Clear Stream Sect.
“Ancient Soaring Dragon Technique!”
Jiang Chen’s anger once again burned fiercely, feeling the injustice suffered by his father. He wants the Clear Stream Sect to be dyed red in blood.
Golden dragon blood course through Jiang Chen’s body. The Ancient Soaring Dragon Technique once again pushed his capabilities to the limits.
“Such a powerful Dragon Clan Secret Technique.” Xuanyuan Zhong’s knowledge was vast as he immediately guessed Jiang Chen’s technique.
However, he had never seen such a secret technique before, so it must be exceptional. The Dragon Clan was an extremely powerful clan in the Central  Region Divine Land, no, even the whole Divine World. The said clan could even rival the might of the supreme heavens, changing the fate of others. Even the mighty Emperor experts have to respect the Dragon Clan.
Jiang Chen’s body was covered in golden armour. The Ancient Soaring Dragon Technique had finally exhibited its full might as Jiang Chen’s physical body was stronger than before. He used the Myriad Qi Cauldron that even Emperor experts craved for to refine his body, enabling his body to reach a great height. As for his compatibility with the Ancient Soaring Dragon Technique, that too has reached an unprecedented level.
“Sword Fusion! Freezing Three Thousand Li!” *the fourth blade*
Jiang Chen fused with the Heavenly Dragon Sword and unleashed the Solitude Sword Intent, engulfing the whole Clear Stream Sect. In a single sword flash, the 9000-meter tall mountain crumbled. The divine mountain that was the face of the Clear Stream Sect had crumbled.
Jiang Chen merged with his blade and pushed Xuanyuan Zhong back, the latter’s expression became distorted. He felt that he couldn’t catch up and take this boy down.
“Could this fella be one from the Dragon Clan? To have such powerful techniques, I am not his match.” Xuanyuan Zhong’s heart took a heavy blow, Jiang Chen’s might was truly shocking.
He was like a peerless battle god that the masses fear!
“Perish!” Jiang Chen’s blade flashed again.
The endless mountain range of the Clear Stream Sect instantly crumbled, half of the sect’s disciples lost their lives; wails and groans could be heard everywhere. Countless Early True God disciples couldn’t withstand the pressure of those crumbling mountains. Corpses laid waste whenever Jiang Chen’s blade cut through.
“Jiang Chen, you madman, are you trying to commit genocide?” Di Longhuai cursed.
Countless disciples, including his, laid waste in this devastating battlefield. He felt pained as he watched countless disciples die.
“Jiang Chen, curse you!” Di Longqing cursed as he could only watch his disciples die under the rubbles of the mountain.
The Clear Stream Sect had become a wasteland.
“This kid is the incarnation of the demon, we must kill him!” Li Xie roared furiously.
A dozen of them pushed the Twelve Fire God Guards back and moved towards Fire Qilin. The latter couldn’t handle that many enemies as he retaliated in difficulty. However, he knew that Jiang Chen was feeling much more pain than him.
“So what? I, Jiang Chen, do not need others to teach me how to do things. I’ll kill every single one of you, not a single soul of the Clear Stream Sect shall remain. I don’t care about my name, who can stop me! Who shall I seek to have my father’s pain repaid?! You, Clear Stream Sect, Linhe Boundary has committed a terrible sin, I, Jiang Chen, will never forgive you!”
Jiang Chen was now devoid of compassion. He had destroyed twenty sects before but he had never harmed those weak powerless disciples, yet…. What was his return?
He was compassionate, yet the heavens were heartless. He shall dye the whole Clear Stream Sect red with their own blood.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2676 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2677


Solo-ing the Lord of The Three Sects
“The dignified Sect Lord, authoritative, self-centred, and foolish. Die!”
Jiang Chen cut across Xuanyuan Zhong with extreme speed, the latter flew backwards, and was injured.
*Cough*
“Bastard, Jiang Chen! Only one of us shall remain standing today! Fellow Sect Lords, when are you going to act? Do you want to wait until my Clear Stream Sect is destroyed?”  Xuanyuan Zhong shouted in anger.
Immediately, two figures appeared in the sky. Two Mid-Divine Kings, emitting peerless aura.
One of them was a red-head, possessing a handsome face, his pupil was like fire, wearing a red-robe.
The other was wearing a black robe, sparkling eyes with a purple glow but his figure was scrawny.
“Dan Yangzi, Li Zhan! You finally came.” Xuanyuan Zhong breathed out a sigh of relief.
These two fellas have already arrived long ago but still did not act, they were obviously trying to watch him shame himself. However, they will not get a single thing the moment he loses. Will Jiang Chen forgive the Ghost Eye Sect and Divine Pill Sect after destroying the Clear Stream Sect? The answer was already evident.
“You can’t even take care of this Half-Step Divine King kid, Xuanyuan Zhong, you have wasted that thousand years of yours. Hahaha.” Li Zhan cynically said. It was sarcasm but also a joke.
At this moment, Xuanyuan Zhong was speechless.
“Enough of  foolish talk, this brat must be killed right now. Otherwise, your Clear Stream Sect’s end is near.” Dan Yangzi said with a solemn expression.
As Jiang Chen’s strength was already evident, they probably need the combined strength of the three to overpower Jiang Chen.
“Today’s matter shall be rewarded in the future. Please, fellow Sect Lords.”
Xuanyuan Zhong glanced at Dan Yangzi and Li Zhan. He could only silently take Li Zhan’s words as the situation didn’t allow him to talk back. Plus, Jiang Chen had caused havoc in the  Clear Stream Sect’s grounds, nine thousand Li of landscape was decimated as the sect suffered an immense loss in terms of resources and men. Jiang Chen was unstoppable, the people of the sect were in danger as countless disciples were running away with tails between their legs.
Xuanyuan Zhong did not expect things to become this bad. He thought he could push Jiang Chen into a corner and put him down, never in his wildest dream had thought that Jiang Chen would fight back this fiercely and they weren’t prepared for it. He too, the sect of the lord was pushed back and was unable to do a thing.
“Why, how did this happen? How did my Clear Stream Sect became this weak.”
“Jiang Chen, it’s because of that bastard, wrecking our home, my Clear Stream Sect will never fall, we shall not bow down to that devil.”
“As long as we stay united, we shall definitely put him down. Our Clear Stream Sect is justice and justice shall prevail.”
“Evil could never win against the just. We are the incarnation of justice, the Clear Stream Sect shall persist for generations to come and never be destroyed.”
The disciples of the Clear Stream Sect hated Jiang Chen. However, the sect’s power to gather men was pretty strong as the top sect of Linhe Boundary for thousands of years. However, they were also arrogant, self-centered and had bullied others. In their perspective, the sect is always right and they are just. They will remain forever as long as the Clear Stream Sect stands.
“Agreed. It’s just a joke, Brother Xuanyuan, don’t take it seriously. Hahaha.” Li Zhan said with a laugh. However, everyone could see from his eyes that it wasn’t a joke.
Some words could be said as a joke, some weren’t. It may even dictate the fate of Clear Stream Sect.
“Very well then, I implore fellow Sect Lord to take down Jiang Chen with me.”Xuanyuan Zhong said with a clasped fist.
The battle will become extremely harsh without the help of the other two sect lords.
“You have a helper now, so what? I have already planned to look for them even if they didn’t come. Looks like all the players are gathered, this saves me the time to go look for the both of you. Scheming hypocrites, the Linhe Boundary will never be at peace if you’re not dead.” Jiang Chen said in disdain.
At this moment, the whole Clear Stream Sect was shocked. The three great Sect Lords had gathered, could Jiang Chen withstand them?
“The Sect Lord knew the importance of today’s battle. Therefore, he had already departed to the Clear Stream Sect before us.” Li Xie said with a solemn expression.
“This time, Jiang Chen will be taken down for sure. My Divine Pill Sect Lord is also here. Haha, three Sect Lords, Jiang Chen will surely fall even if he’s an incarnation of an Emperor Realm expert.” Dan Feng said.
Three Mid Divine Kings versus Jiang Chen, a Half-Step Divine King, he shouldn’t be able to fight back now.
“Not bad, to have this kind of attitude even before his death. It’s a pity that you’re devil incarnate, a monster like you will just be a poison for Linhe Boundary. The world could only be at peace after you’re dead. Surrender and you may have a swift death.” Dan Yangzi said calmly.
“Old bastard, you want a fight? Come and have it. Who the fuck do you think you are, acting like some kind of bigshot. All of you shall die here today!” Jiang Chen released his domineering aura, completely disregarding the views of others.
Dan Yangzi’s expression became pale as he was angered byJiang Chen.
“Ignorant fool, kill this brat, the Divine Pill Sect shall use whatever means necessary!”
“Insects, hmph.” Jiang Chen sneered and raised his blade.
Under the effect of the Ancient Soaring Dragon Technique, Jiang Chen had the confidence to face a Mid Divine King realm expert as he was able to push Xuanyuan Zhong back. The latter dared not to take him head-on now as Xuanyuan Zhong asked for the assistance of the Divine Pill Sect and Ghost Eye Sect.
However, Jiang Chen didn’t plan to hold anything back as he faced the three alone, not showing any sign of losing. Both parties weren’t able to gain any advantage over the other as time went on.
“Eight-Sided Cauldron, suppress this arrogant fool.”
Dan Yangzi’s eight-sided cauldron was a gigantic bronze cauldron. It fell from the sky and unleashed a powerful qi, subduing the qi and luck of the area. Dan Yangzi unleashed his full might and launched it towards Jiang Chen, the latter was pushed back but was still unfazed as he wielded the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda to clash with the cauldron.
“Trying to put me down? You’ll have to prepare yourself to be put down too. Fuck off!”
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2677 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2678


Xuanyuan Jie
The Ancestral Dragon Pagoda let out a bright light. Jiang Chen could feel the increased power of the pagoda after the second dragon ball was embedded. The Eight-Sided Cauldron was instantly pushed back after the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda unleashed its energy. Dan Yangzi stabilized the Eight-Sided Cauldron with his hands and was pushed back 800 li from the force, his expression became gloomy and  his breathing became chaotic.
“One Eye Ten Thousand Years!”
Ghost Eye Sect’s Li Zhan followed suit and a third eye appeared on his forehead, and a shining ray burst forth. Jiang Chen felt that the flow of time around him had become extremely slow. At the same time, Xuanyuan Zhong took this opportunity to close in with his halberd. Jiang Chen immediately activated the Divine Golden Bell: God Sealing Prohibition and cut himself off from the outside world. The halberd struck on the Divine Golden Bell and a loud bang could be heard.  Xuanyuan Zhong found the result unsatisfactory as he was the one who was injured from this clash, suffering the counter force of the blow.
“The Eastern Emperor Sect’s Eastern Emperor Limitless Art, pretty strong.” Xuanyuan Zhong was in awe.
He never expected Jiang Chen to be able to learn the Eastern Emperor Limitless Art in just a few years’ time. It was totally unexpected.
“My Clear Stream Sect’s Xuanyuan Art is not weak too.”  Xuanyuan Zhong stared at Jiang Chen and leapt towards him with his halberd.
The Xuanyuan Art was Clear Stream Sect’s secret technique, and was only passed down from one Sect Lord to another. At this moment, he had unleashed the most powerful technique of the sect, the halberd gained an immense buff with that technique, the air and space trembled after this technique was unleashed.
A grand dragon shot out from the halberd, forming into a battle soul, closing into Jiang Chen.
“It’s a pretty terrifying technique, but, it’s still nothing for me.” Jiang Chen harrumphed and was unfazed.
The grand dragon burst out from its shackles and rammed towards Jiang Chen’s  Divine GoldenBell, yet nothing happened, only the gong of the ram could be heard a thousand li away, causing the ears of others to ring.
In some sense, this wasn’t just the  Divine Golden Bell of the Eastern Emperor Limitless Art, but the true Eastern Emperor Bell. It’s defensive capability was one of the best as it would even shake those God Emperors. Even though the Eastern Emperor Bell was in tatters, it was still better than any average divine weapons.
The Xuanyuan Art has unleashed all its might yet it couldn’t even pierce through the bell. Even though Li Zhan had slowed down the flow of time surrounding Jiang Chen, they still weren’t able to land an effective blow and defeat him.
“That’s what your Eight-Sided Cauldron amounts to? Ancestral Dragon Pagoda, subdue!” Jiang Chen’s eyes were cold.
At this moment, he unleashed the full might of the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda.  Xuanyuan Zhong, Li Zhan and Dan Yangzi withstood the pagoda’s pressure with their all as they were pushed down to their knees and their expression became pale. They have finally experienced the terrifying might of  Jiang Chen.
“I can’t take it anymore…” Dan Yangzi gritted his teeth as his meridians were on the verge of breaking, and cracks were appearing on his trusted cauldron.
“My Eight-sided Cauldron, no…” Dan Yangzi shouted in anguish.
His cauldron was shattered into pieces by the suppression of the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda.
“I’m at my limit too!” Li Zhan was also the same.
Jiang Chen had subdued the three of them, thoroughly.
*Cough…*
Xuanyuan Zhong spit out a mouthful of blood and a snap could be heard as his legs lost its support.
“To think that I, Xuanyuan Zhong, will die in the hands of this little bastard, I cannot accept this, I cannot!” Xuanyuan Zhong’s eyes were filled with regret and hatred. However, he was helpless as he could not fight back anymore.
They have become puppets that were controlled by Jiang Chen. The three great experts of Linhe Boundary had totally, utterly lost, without a shred of doubt.
“The three Sect Lords collaborated and they are still going to lose?”
“This fella, I do not know what to describe him anymore. Satan from the 18th floor of hell?”
“I think… that this will be my most desperate moment, this fella will certainly not let us go.”
“Is Linhe Boundary doomed? Jiang Chen is too scary.”
The Ancestral Dragon Pagoda was like a giant golden mountain, keeping the three Mid Divine King experts suppressed.
Jiang Chen stood on top of the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda with pride and vigor.
Who can withstand his might under this heaven?!
Jiang Chen wanted to use the whole Clear Stream Sect to wash away the pain and wrongful treatment his father had faced, nobody could stop him.
The heart of the remaining fifty thousand disciples became cold, those elders that came to assist the Clear Stream Sect to eliminate Jiang Chen became pale. Jiang Chen had utterly subdued the Clear Stream Sect with overwhelming might, nobody could stop him anymore, he was unstoppable!
The three sect elders were pushed to the ground once again by the pressure and the lower half of their body was shattered. He didn’t just injure the three sect lords but also the three sects and humiliated the whole Linhe Boundary as they were the pillars of the region. At this moment, they were but a remnant of their previous self and their honor have been utterly shattered.
“Old Ancestor, save me…!” Xuanyuan Zhong roared in anguish.
He doesn’t have any means left to lead the sect to win this battle and the thousands of years of history of the sect will be destroyed with half of his disciples dead and his honour destroyed.
Jiang Chen squinted his eyes. Is there someone left in the Clear Stream Sect? To have Xuanyuan Zhong call out someone as Old Ancestor, looks like this sect’s root is really deep.
“Useless fool, Clear Stream Sect almost got destroyed in your hands, this is truly disappointing.”
A white-robed figure suddenly appeared in the sky. The old man had a benign countenance, yet that pair of eagle-eyes gave off an extreme pressure.
Wrinkles could be seen on his thin face. However, in the eyes of Xuanyuan Zhong, that old man looked tall and mighty, causing him to be in awe and fearful.
The old man harrumphed and looked at Xuanyuan Zhong, clearly dissatisfied.
“Xuanyuan Jie, is that you, senior?”
Dan Yangzi squinted his eyes and said with his trembling voice as blood could be seen spilling from his lips as he was utterly suppressed by Jiang Chen.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2678 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2679


You Can Only Talk After You Beat Me
“It’s him? It’s really him? Old Ancestor River Styx that has shaken the Linhe Boundary 7000 years ago, Xuanyuan Jie?!” Li Zhan gasped.
Obviously, the name Old Ancestor River Styx gave him a pretty great shock.
“Little Yang, to think you have become the Divine Pill Sect’s Lord, time is really unforgiving. Is Dan Yuanzi, that old fool still around?” Xuanyuan Jie’s eyelid slightly raised.
“Master Dan Yuanzi passed away 700 years ago.” Dan Yangzi sighed and said helplessly.
Xuanyuan Jie’s palm slightly trembled and his expression became somewhat lonely as he shook his head. It seems like he’s reminiscing about his old friend.
“Old Ancestor River Styx? Hoho, interesting, the Old Ancestor of the Clear Stream Sect? Looks like I’ve managed to fork out some old fossil.” Jiang Chen sneered.
“Repent, little child, you have sinned, surrender now and this old man may possibly let you live, otherwise, you should know what awaits you.” Xuanyuan Jie said indifferently as if he’s teaching Jiang Chen a lesson.
“Come and have at me if you wanna fight, I, Jiang Chen, will flatten the Clear Stream Sect and I would like to see who can stop me!”
Jiang Chen took a step forward and emitted a stronger battle intent, completely disregarding Xuanyuan Jie.
“Boy, you’re death has arrived. The Old Ancestor went into seclusion for three thousand years and never once came out, his strength must be at its peak. You better kneel down and beg for forgiveness and you MAY have a chance to live.” Xuanyuan Zhong sneered as he found his confidence.
“Yes, you’ll only die if you go against Old Ancestor River Styx. Old Ancestor River Styx was absolutely powerful in the past and I’m not even born yet. You’re extremely ballsy trying to go against the Old Ancestor.” Dan Yangzi said confidently.
They were sure that they’re safe now that Xuanyuan Jie has arrived. He’s at least at the Late Divine King Realm and Jiang Chen’s certainly not his match.
“Finally, a senior came to the rescue. The Ghost Eye Sect humbly asks the senior to show us your might and save us.” Li Zhan’s lips were smirking.
Jiang Chen’s death shall soon arrive.
“Noisy!” Jiang Chen frowned.
“Die! Nobody can save you all, not even the Heavens!”
Jiang Chen pushed the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda down. At that moment, Li Zhan, Dan Yangzi, Xuanyuan Zhong’s expression became pale and they shouted in unison:
“Save me, Old Ancestor!”
“Stop!”
“No!”
Xuanyuan Jie squinted his eyes and shouted:
“Bastard, you dare?!”
However, Jiang Chen did not care and continued pressing down the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda, exerting a tremendous amount of pressure and squashed the three Mid-Divine Kings into a clump of meat.
Everyone was dumbfounded, the remaining 50,000 disciples of the Clear Stream Sect were dead quiet. The other great Divine King experts too gasped and shivered. It was too much to take on. Jiang Chen was truly ballsy for daring to kill them in front of Old Ancestor Xuanyuan Jie.
Xuanyuan Jie did not expect Jiang Chen to be this ruthless and not give him any respect. He thought the kid would kneel and beg for forgiveness but, using the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda, he flattened the tree of them instead. At this moment, he was thoroughly angered by Jiang Chen’s act, killing the lords, causing such chaos towards the Clear Stream Sect, killing off their disciples. The Linhe Boundary will fall into chaos if he doesn’t act.
Jiang Chen’s swift execution gave chills to everyone, fearing they may face the same fate. Di Longhuai, Di Longqing, Li Xie, Li Batian, Dan Feng and the others were dumbfounded. Because their Sect Lords were killed in front of their eyes. A great uproar would certainly fall upon the Linhe Boundary as the three pillars that supported the  Linhe Boundary were now gone.
Jiang Chen looked at Xuanyuan Jie and says with a smile:
“I’m sorry, it’s just three dogs, what seems to be the problem about killing them? Why? Does this old dog have a problem with it?”
Xuanyuan Jie shook his head and his smile became much scarier. Because he knew that this young man would certainly go against him until the end. Although he had not reached the Peak Divine King Realm yet, he was certain that he could easily squash this kid.
The impact of the death of those lords was immense, knowing that Jiang Chen could easily kill them off.
Moreover, this wasn’t just about the death of three individuals, it’s the honour of the whole Linhe Boundary. Jiang Chen totally ignored it. The three great sect lords were like insects in his point of view, stomping them to death without any effort. It was unprecedented for the Clear Stream Sect ever since its founding. The whole sect was in utter chaos after their lord’s death. It was a sorry sight to behold, plus, he did say that he would kill everyone within the sect.
Xuanyuan Jie was out of patience and the other Divine King experts were filled with fear and confusion.
“You’re pretty strong but arrogant. Not bad, to be this calm even though you’re facing the whole Linhe Boundary. But you will not escape death today.”
“Really? Let’s see who can stop me. I’ll kill every single soul of this place no matter what, even if death approaches me! My father’s debt will not be left unpaid! I would even kill the Nine Region Lords if they came!”
Jiang Chen and Xuanyuan Jie stared at each other. None willing to back off, however, Xuanyuan Jie was obviously the stronger one, as Jiang Chen felt immense pressure, similar to Zi Xi’s level.  However, his divine origin energy was certainly stronger than Zi Xi.
Xuanyuan Jie had lived through all these years while improving his power. He was certainly much more powerful than your usual Late Divine Kings as he was just a step away from the Peak Divine King Realm.
“Smart and talented but doesn’t know how to appreciate it. You are foolish. What can a Half-Step Divine King do in this world? I don’t need to use a quarter of my power to kill you. I will not be able to face the disciples of the Clear Stream Sect if I do not shatter your soul. You have crossed the line when you killed Xuanyuan Zhong in front of me.” Xuanyuan Jie said with a cold expression as he had lost his patience towards Jiang Chen.
“You can only talk after you beat me. .” Jiang Chen took out his finger and challenged Xuanyuan Jie.
The latter’s expression became gloomy!
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2679 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2680


There Is Always Someone Better
Xuanyuan Jie was one of the leading figures of the past generation, one of the kings of the Linhe Boundary. By right, Jiang Chen should be suppressed once he appeared. But shockingly, the three great Sect Lords got squashed and Jiang Chen even ignored him, how could Xuanyuan Jie not be mad?
In the past, Xuanyuan Jie was an extremely talented individual. However, he stepped down from the stage of battle due to him being infatuated in research and cultivation. Now, there’s not many people who remember this old fella as time passed by. Now, Xuanyuan Jie will tell the Linhe Boundary that he, Xuanyuan Jie, is still alive and powerful.
“Boy, your arrogance is the same as I when I was young. Pity, you don’t know when to lay-low, you need to know that there is always someone better. Today, I’ll let you know what it means to have the power of a true overlord.” Xuanyuan Jie looked down on Jiang Chen as he took a step forward with his slender figure.
The surrounding space distorted soon after, a Late Divine King was truly powerful, he’s even stronger than Zi Xi.
“Great!”Jiang Chen shouted as he flew up to the sky.
The clash between the two finally kicked off.
Xuanyuan Jie, a senior, was undoubtedly strong as he swiftly attacked Jiang Chen. The latter used the Heavenly Dragon Sword and Ancient Soaring Dragon Technique to withstand his blow, but Jiang Chen was not able to gain the initiative and was slowly pushed back.
“Strong. An average Peak Divine King may not even be this old fella’s match. Truly one of those monstrous old fossils.” Jiang Chen thought.
Their clash affected the surrounding landscape as Jiang Chen was pushed back.
“Truly, a senior expert, Old Ancestor River Styx is still as glorious as he was.”
“You’re right. To think that the Clear Stream Sect has such a powerful expert holding the fort. Truly, the top sect of the Linhe Boundary.”
“It’s a pity that the three sect lords died. A great chaos would certainly happen later on.”
“Agreed, that bastard Jiang Chen is a troublemaker, he must be killed to quell the hatred of the people.”
Everyone hated Jiang Chen, and they were hoping Xuanyuan Jie would just kill him with a slap. Yet, although Jiang Chen was showing fatigue, it doesn’t seem like he’s losing, Xuanyuan Jie was able to push him back but he wasn’t able to land a successive blow upon this hated kid.
“Such a slippery boy, hmph, let’s see how long you can run.” Xuanyuan Jie harrumphed and took a step forward, and closed in towards his foe.
On the other hand, Jiang Chen dared not to belittle his foe and used his full might to defend against this attack but the old man did not let him go. The Ghost Prison Ashura Sword Formation may be able to kill Xuanyuan Jie but he did not give Jiang Chen a single opportunity to lay down the groundwork.
“Heavenly Lightning!”
Jiang Chen kept his Heavenly Dragon Sword away and summoned the Dawn Sky Golden Lightning and Nine Stars Heavenly Tribulation Lightning into both of his palms. Xuanyuan Jie’s expression instantly changed and he looked at Jiang Chen with a serious expression.
“You… You can control Heavenly Lightnings?” Xuanyuan Jie was pretty shocked.  Now this… complicates things.
Xuanyuan Jie looked up and saw thunder clouds gathering above, the explosive energy of the lightning was ready to burst.
“You’re naive, thinking that two Heavenly Lightnings can scare me off.” Xuanyuan Jie said in disdain.
“Really?” Jiang Chen said coldly as he activated the lightning.
The Clear Stream Sect was then charred by lightning strikes for several thousand li radius. Casualties rose under this wide-range attack. Xuanyuan Jie couldn’t get close to Jiang Chen anymore because he was busy evading.
Jiang Chen manipulated the Heavenly Lightnings to let thunder and lightning flash across the land. The mighty lightning then struck upon the grounds of the Clear Stream Sect, the number of corpses increased instantly. Xuanyuan Jie’s expression was getting uglier by the second. It’s not a big deal that the lord died, they can just appoint another one. But if all the disciples were to die, then the root of the sect would be thoroughly vanquished and the Clear Stream Sect will be lost forever.
This Jiang Chen is too terrifying, ruthless. He’s trying to pull the Clear Stream Sect from the ground up.
“You, madman! What sins do those innocent disciples have?! You’re committing genocide!” Xuanyuan Jie shouted as he continued to evade those terrifying lightning strikes.
“You should’ve expected this the moment you went against me, the moment you touched my father. I am not Jiang Chen anymore, but the god of death! I will never simply offend others if none offends me, however, if one does, I will repay the favour ten times more in return! This is my Dao!” Jiang Chen said.
Xuanyuan Jie’s expression became gloomy as he couldn’t stop the situation. Half-Step Divine Kings, elite disciples and even some Sect Elders died under the onslaught of those lightning.
Jiang Chen didn’t want to go against the world, yet these blind fools were the ones who went against him and to seal the deal, they dared to touch his family, he would not let this go.
He originally just wanted to kill off those seniors and leave the place as revenge and did not want to touch those innocent juniors. Yet their methods were too much, forcing him to pull the Clear Stream Sect from the ground up. 100,000 disciples, so what?! I, Jiang Chen, am a God of Death when I am angered!
“You’re a thorough madman! Devil! Today, I, Xuanyuan Jie shall vanquish this demon!” Xuanyuan Jie roared.
He ignored Jiang Chen’s words as he could only see a madman killing innocent disciples, destroying his Clear Stream Sect.
The lightning struck continuously but Xuanyuan Jie still flew straight to Jiang Chen, cruising through the lightning between them.
“Have a taste of my Heavenly Lightning Fusion.” Jiang Chen backed off as lightning struck.
Xuanyuan Jie suffered a few lightning strikes as he went on, yet, he was unfazed by it as he continued to pursue Jiang Chen. The distance between them was getting shorter by the second.
“Let’s see how you respond to my Heavenly Lighting Fusion!!” Jiang Chen said.
A terrifying deathly lotus blossomed. At that moment, Xuanyuan Jie’s expression changed drastically as he did not expect that. The explosive power of the fusion was much greater than the lightning. The explosion of that mighty force instantly blew Xuanyuan Jie away.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2680 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2681


Xuanyuan’s Broken Sword
Above the sky, the lighting was still roaring furiously but Xuanyuan Jie’s shadow was already gone.
The Fusion of Lighting was exceedingly terrifying and formidable, making everyone in Linhe Boundary feel impressed and widen their horizon once again. Was Xuanyuan Jie defeated?
“Is Master Xuanyuan Jie going to die soon?”
“Probably……Jiang Chen’s strike just now was just dreadful. I guess even a Late Divine King can hardly resist it.”
“Is our Clear Stream Sect done now?”
Everyone was in despair, they were with a broken heart and looked ghastly white. If Xuanyuan Jie died, it also indicated the extinction of the Clear Stream Sect. No one could save them from the crisis anymore.
“If you wish to kill me, I guess it will not be as easy as what you expected.”
Xuanyuan Jie’s voice reverberated in the void and everyone held their breath for a while. They were in a state of great excitement, it made them feel alive.
“Great. It is considered as a miracle if you could stay alive after the fusion of lighting.”
Jiang Chen said lightly but his heart was full of astonishment. It was just unbelievable that this guy survived the strike.
Xuanyuan Jie shot Jiang Chen a furious look. Even though he was badly injured, apparently his wound was not serious. It was Jiang Chen’s first time to meet someone who could deal with him leisurely after the Fusion of Lighting.
Jiang Chen fixed his gaze on a broken sword on Xuanyuan Jie’s hand. The golden sword was merely one foot long, with a long blade and without a handle. The blade of the sword was inscribed with these words ‘Mountain River Grass Wood’ and ‘Sun Moon Star Time’. Although the sword looked incomplete, it still looked grand and magnificent. It was like an invincible dragon that wildly fell upon the earth.
Jiang Chen’s eyes were filled with feverish radiance. Even the Heavenly Dragon Sword on his hands was thrilled slightly at this moment. It was showing some great eagerness and trembling at the same time. The strong will to fight made Jiang Chen feel serious.
He believed that this broken sword had sustained the shock of the Fusion of Lighting.
“Raise the sword in the storm clouds!”
Xuanyuan Jie drew out his sword immediately. The dragon roared furiously and the sword’s glimmer of light penetrated through the thousand feet of heaven. Jiang Chen surged forward immediately. The Heavenly Dragon Sword clashed together with the sword with golden radiance and released thousands of beams of light. The Heavenly Dragon Sword was trembling wildly, it was full of eagerness after dealing with the enemy’s sword for nine times. The Qi of Jiang Chen’s sword was overbearing and getting stronger but the broken sword in Xuanyuan Jie’s hand remained the same.
“What a terrifying sword!”
It was the first time that Jiang Chen realized that there was a sword which was comparable with his Heavenly Dragon Sword. And it was just a broken sword.
“When the Sword falls, it devastates the universe!”
Xuanyuan Jie soared into the sky once again. His sword shattered the heavens and earth ferociously. Everyone looked ghastly pale as the strike was incredibly strong and irresistible.
“Three Thousand Miles of Ice, freeze!”
Jiang Chen struck out with his sword and competed against Xuanyuan Jie again. The shadow of the sword turned into an iceberg, blue and golden radiance was mingling together like two ancient tremendous dragons that struggled to kill each other. They disappeared in the void eventually. Jiang Chen realized that Xuanyuan Jie’s aura had reached its limit and his blow just now was truly breathtaking and impressive.
However, Jiang Chen has another problem. He’s now finding it hard to control the power released when his Heavenly Dragon Sword  dealt with the broken sword. The Heavenly Dragon was sealed by the Craftsman God in the past as the sword was way too strong and the soul of the sword was out of Jiang Chen’s reach. At the moment, it seemed like the Heavenly Dragon Sword was going to make a breakthrough like a dragon’s transformation.
“How is it possible for you to resist my sword? It seems like I have underestimated your strength. I swear to get the sword in your hand.” Xuanyuan Jie’s eyes were boiling with rage.
The sword that he was holding was a broken part of Xuanyuan Sword which was known as the strongest weapon in Nine Heaven and Ten Lands. However, it was unbelievable that he could hardly defeat Jiang Chen’s Heavenly Dragon Sword with the Xuanyuan Sword. Xuanyuan Jie could not help lusting for the sword. For those who love swords, the sword means everything to them.
“I am interested in your sword. Just give it to me.” Jiang Chen said with a smile.
Both of them were obsessed with swords and treated swords as important as their own lives. The trembling Heavenly Dragon Sword said everything, it even indicated that it was slightly fluttered. Although Jiang Chen was unable to communicate with the soul of the Heavenly Dragon Sword at the moment, he could feel that it was showing a strong will and was desperate to have a fight.
“Stop wasting your words, look at my sword!”
Xuanyuan Jie drew out his sword once again, and struck. The strike swept over ninety thousand miles and penetrated through the rivers. Jiang Chen looked extremely solemn as this would be the most intense battle after breaking through. Not only that, the sword that was held by the enemy was not inferior to his Heavenly Dragon Sword. Xuanyuan Jie could even survive the Fusion of Lighting which indicated that he was an extraordinarily strong expert.
Jiang Chen reached out and held the sword. The Heavenly Dragon Sword was trembling violently, it seemed like it was going to escape from his hands and compete against the golden sword.
Jiang Chen had already guessed it right. That sword was probably one of the ten greatest Ancient Divine Tools, Xuanyuan Sword. The words on each side of the blade were written with ‘Mountain River Grass Wood’ and ‘Sun Moon Star Time’. The sword hilt was painted of some agricultural skills while the other side was painted of the tactics of ruling the world. It was rumored that it was the strongest Divine Tool in the world! Jiang Chen felt disbelief that even a broken part of the sword could deal with his Heavenly Dragon Sword, not to mention the real Xuanyuan Sword. Perhaps, at that time, the Heavenly Dragon Sword would be badly defeated.
Fortunately, there was only a part of the Xuanyuan Sword left now. The mightiness of the Heavenly Dragon Sword was bound to compete against this Xuanyuan broken sword.
Two swords intermingled constantly and the shadow of the swords overlapped. After fighting for more than a hundred rounds, they were neck and neck in strength. After being healed by the Myriad Qi, Jiang Chen’s capability of recovery was way stronger than using the Wooden Spirit. Jiang Chen was immortal and eternal at the moment and his will to fight was boiling furiously.
However, Xuanyuan Jie was different from Jiang Chen. His capability of recovery was definitely incomparable with Jiang Chen. Hence, he wished to end the battle as soon as possible. Even though the Xuanyuan Sword was broken, its strength was still unbeatable. After an intense fight, the energy consumed did become a burden to him.
This battle was supposed to end as soon as possible!
“Try to bear my sword. Breaking through the sky with a sword!”
Xuanyuan Jie launched the greatest blow as he was running out of time. But Jiang Chen looked calm and unmoved.
“Let’s see which one is stronger, the defence of Eastern Emperor Bell or the Xuanyuan Sword.”
A faint smile touched the corners of Jiang Chen’s lips.
“Divine Golden Bell!”
The Divine Golden Bell exerted by the Eastern Emperor Bell sustained Xuanyuan Jie’s blow successfully. However, Jiang Chen’s Divine Golden Bell started falling apart soon after but it was not shattered completely.
Jiang Chen was full of doubts. The true winner had not been defined after all. If it was the battle between a complete Xuanyuan Sword and perfect Eastern Emperor Bell, perhaps the result would be totally different.
“It is such a strong defence. Unfortunately, it can’t stop me. How about taking another strike?”
Xuanyuan Sword was irresistible and everything within thousands of miles was completely devastated. Even thousands of birds and beasts, old trees and stone forests were destroyed eventually.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2681 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2682


Chapter 2682
A Sword From the East
5th of the week!
Do support us in Patreon if you are able to, so that we can continue translating the novel for you! 🙂
“Forging ahead, the place where the sword pointed!”
The Heavenly Dragon Sword leapt up in the sky once again and collided with the broken Xuanyuan Sword. At the moment, the radiance that was shedding brightly lit up the entire world. Countless people gave a hasty glance at the sky. It was considered as the most astonishing and unprecedented battle in the Clear Stream Sect .
Above the Heavenly Dragon Sword, there were souls of dragons howling ferociously and deafeningly. Jiang Chen fused the Ancient Soaring Dragon Technique with the Heavenly Dragon Sword which made him fight like a duck in water. The Heavenly Dragon Sword was like a butterfly which was about to break out of the cocoon. Its outer layers were peeling off, slowly showing the most perfect side. The seal by the Craftsman God was utterly broken at the moment. The Heavenly Dragon Sword was shedding its original radiance, and was now blazing brightly through the heaven.
“Roar……”
The soul of the Heavenly Dragon Sword looked like a dragon that was soaring up in the sky from the sea and piercing through heaven. Meanwhile, the broken Xuanyuan Sword was just a broken sword without any soul. Therefore, the strong blow of Jiang Chen’s sword’s soul had engulfed Xuanyuan Jie instantly. Xuanyuan Jie’s splendour literally disappeared, he had fallen on the ground, utterly defeated.
Xuanyuan Jie roared ragingly in the void. He then spurt out a mouthful of blood and he looked ghastly white. He fell from the altars and got down on one knee, he completely lost his strength to fight.
Jiang Chen was holding the broken Xuanyuan Sword, his whole body gave out a kind of terrifying Divine Dragon’s aura at the same time. The Heavenly Dragon Sword and the broken Xuanyuan Sword were trembling violently but they were not afraid of each other.
Xuanyuan Jie was badly defeated. Most importantly, the Heavenly Dragon Sword had broken through the seal at a critical time and showed the mightiness of its soul perfectly. Although the broken Xuanyuan Sword was formidable, it could not make any difference.
“The younger generation excels the older generation. The talented youths are born every year but none of them is able to make any far-reaching influence. I lose……”
Xuanyuan Jie smiled bitterly. He was hurt by Jiang Chen’s sword soul and he was on his last legs.
“Thanks for giving me the sword as a gift. But I will still eliminate the Clear Stream Sect!”
“What do you mean giving you the sword? Haha. I don’t think that you could take it easily.”
Xuanyuan Jie shook his head and smiled with a blazing glance. He raised his head and looked at the eastern sky. There was a terribly tremendous sword’s shadow which travelled from thousands of miles away.
Jiang Chen’s eyes constricted. He could feel the sword’s aura as it approached him. Even though it was still a thousand miles away, the overbearing aura made him draw a few steps backward.
“It is such a dreadful sword aura.”
Jiang Chen said under his breath. There was a thousand feet tall silhouette of the sword towering in the void. The radiance on the sword’s edges looked real and unreal at the same time. An elder, dressed dark greenish long robes, was standing with folded hands. It brought a kind of oppression to the entire Clear Stream Sect.
“Finally, you’re here.”
Xuanyuan Jie said lightly and looked at the elder dressed in dark-green long robes with a dissatisfied glance.
“I don’t mind if you die. But you can’t lose the sword.”
The elder said coldly.
“Kid, just give me the broken sword and I will consider sparing your life.”
“What if I don’t? I like this broken sword and it is my bounty. Why should I give it back to you?”
Jiang Chen said with a cold smile. This guy was not an ordinary person, Jiang Chen could feel that this guy would be a tough opponent. However, he would never lose anything in his hand.
“You’re young and talented. But if you still refuse to do so, I am afraid I am going to strike now. Haha.”
The elder’s face lit up with a smile.
“Xuanyuan Minyi. I will see who is able to gain the upper hand. Haha.”
Xuanyuan Jie burst into laughter and looked at Jiang Chen. His face was contorted with hate.
“Xuanyuan Minyi? Isn’t he Xuanyuan Jie’s elder brother? River Styx Heroic Duo, he is one of them.”
Li Xie said in a deep voice, looking solemn.
“Great. Xuanyuan Jie is later known as Old Ancestor River Styx. When he was at his peak, he used to have a brother called Xuanyuan Minyi, the older one in the River Styx Heroic Duo. I didn’t expect that he is still alive.”
Dan Feng could not help but nod his head. This was considered as one of the most astonishing matters that gave a shock to the entire Linhe Boundary.
“Old Ancestor River Styx, Xuanyuan Jie is already defeated. I don’t know if Xuanyuan Minyi could be the backbone of the Linehe Boundary now.”
Ti Longhuai said with a bitter smile. After suffering defeats continuously, they’re extremely depressed. Jiang Chen’s strength was way too terrifying, almost unbeatable. This was their judgement of Jiang Chen, he was like an impassable mountain for them. And he was merely a Half-step Divine King.
“Don’t worry. I am not a loser like you. How could you lose the treasure of the ancestor?”
Xuanyuan Minyi said coldly, which made Xuanyuan Jie snort face contorted.
“Stop talking nonsense. Let’s talk about it later after you get back the broken Xuanyuan Sword.”
Jiang Chen looked at each of them. Apparently, they had a close relationship but both of them did not wish each other to get the broken Xuanyuan Sword.
“I am not interested in both of you guys but this sword is mine for sure and I swear to eliminate Clear Stream Sect. If you wish to leave now, I will try to act like nothing happened.” Jiang Chen said confidently.
“Hahaha. The newborn calves are not afraid of the tiger. Compared with Xue Liang, you are way stronger. It’s a pity for such a talented guy. Anyways, the broken Xuanyuan Sword is yours to take if you could defeat me.”
Xuanyuan Minyi did not feel frustrated but gave him a smile. He said it while shaking his head.
“Do you know Xue Liang?”
Jiang Chen wore a frown on his face. Xue Liang was considered as one of his close friends and they used to help each other in the past. Xue Liang was from the Forgotten Sword Tomb and Jiang Chen was unwilling to offend them. He would land Xue Liang in trouble if he did so.
“I am the guardian of the Forgotten Sword Tomb now. Xue Liang is the son of my master.”
“Alright. I will spare your life then!”
A faint smile flickered across Jiang Chen’s lips. Forgotten Sword Tomb was the only sect that did not hunt him in the past, it was all because of Xue Liang. So Jiang Chen would never bite the hand that fed him.
“Kid, I appreciate your talent but I can’t allow you to take the broken Xuanyuan Sword. This is the treasure that our Forgotten Sword Tomb has been protecting for more than thousands of years.”
Xuanyuan Minyi’s glance was blazing and dignified. It showed that Jiang Chen could not be treated easily since he had defeated Xuanyuan Jie after all. Xuanyuan Minyi could not ignore Jiang Chen’s strength at the moment.
“Deal. Let’s see who is the winner then.”
Jiang Chen looked straight ahead. Xuanyuan Minyi was not here for Clear Stream Sect but to get back the broken Xuanyuan Sword for the Forgotten Sword Tomb. Apparently, he was determined to get this sword as well.
“Great. Meeting new friends by having a fight. Let’s get along well together. I will leave immediately if I lose. Or else, I will take the broken Xuanyuan Sword without taking your life.”
Xuanyuan Minyi’s words startled Jiang Chen. That was a reason why Xuanyuan Jie did not seem delighted after meeting Xuanyuan Minyi. Their relationship was truly mysterious and confusing.
“It’s a promise then.”
Jiang Chen stepped back and readied himself for the fight. This battle would be relatively difficult and challenging compared with the previous one.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2682 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2683


I Am Annoyed by How He Blows His Own Trumpet
Xuanyuan Minyi looked calm and relaxed. There was a huge difference between his strength and Jiang Chen’s after all. Even though Xuanyuan Jie was already defeated, Xuanyuan Minyi was still confident in himself. Although Xuanyuan Jie was strong, he still lost against Jiang Chen. Most importantly, he lost the broken Xuanyuan Sword. Jiang Chen had also noticed that the sword was extraordinary and did not have any intention to give it back to him.
The two of them were known as the River Styx Heroic Duo back in those days and they were neck and neck in strength. Unfortunately, they had split up and went their separate ways after scrambling for the broken Xuanyuan Sword. Their master told Xuanyuan Minyi not to compete for the broken Xuanyuan Sword any more. Therefore, Xuanyuan Minyi decided to back out of the battle in Linhe Boundary.
At the moment, Xuanyuan Minyi had no reason to remain silent as the broken Xuanyuan Sword was originally a priceless treasure which represented their sect. It originated from the Xuanyuan Family in the Central Region Divine Land. Tai Zu stole the broken part of the sword from back then, and then started a sect and set up parties in this desolate place. Unfortunately, it was split up eventually. The Forgotten Sword Tomb and Clear Stream Sect used to have a lineal descent but split up after experiencing a series of ups and downs. But apparently, Xuanyuan Minyi did not seem to treat the Clear Stream Sect as his lineal descent’s sect. The one he pursued was the broken Xuanyuan Sword, what the Forgotten Sword Tomb had been protecting through the ages.
“I wish all of you would die. That will be the best result for me. Humph.”
Xuanyuan Jie said and smiled coldly. The brotherhood did not exist anymore but the broken Xuanyuan Sword still existed.
“Kid, it seems like I shouldn’t treat you so easily since Xuanyuan Jie has lost to you. Look.”
Xuanyuan Minyi snorted and struck out instantly with lightning speed. He attacked continuously and each strike was fatal. He intended to burn the bridge behind Jiang Chen.
Jiang Chen looked serious and dared not to treat his opponent lightly. In terms of strength, he was utterly at a disadvantage. He could only move slowly and step back promptly. However, he was just looking for a chance to send out a deadly blow to kill his opponent.
“The water of River Styx, transforming into a sword and travelling to the west!”
Xuanyuan Minyi pointed his hands at Jiang Chen. A terrifying ice sword swept over the sky and stuck out ferociously, growing bigger and bigger. The sword was now thousands of feet high and its edge was pointing at Jiang Chen directly.
Jiang Chen kept on retreating, still looking serious. Those people around him were all trying to escape from the continuous attacks but countless of them were killed gradually. Eventually, the thousands of disciples were all killed.
“Five Elements Combat Dragon Seal!”
Jiang Chen struck out a blow, clashing with Xuanyuan Minyi’s River Styx Ice Sword. Unsurprisingly, Jiang Chen was forced to step backward. He could truly feel the strength of Xuanyuan Minyi at this moment.
“He is such a strong opponent, he is only a step away from reaching the Half-step Hierarch Realm. It seems like he is not an ordinary person.”
Jiang Chen thought in his mind. The power of the seal would have been able to devastate a Mid Divine King expert. However, Xuanyuan Minyi was still able to remain calm and unmoved.
“You are no match for me.”
Xuanyuan Minyi was full of confidence. He took a glance at Jiang Chen, revealing an expression as though his win  was already in the bag.
“No one knew who would come out on top until the last moment.”
Jiang Chen took a few steps backward and the Heavenly Dragon Sword swept over the sky, sending out an attack that  was not inferior to Xuanyuan Minyi’s. The soul of the Heavenly Dragon Sword returned and its seal was destroyed. The edge of the sword was sharp and it now had a higher chance of winning.
Xuanyuan Minyi looked dignified. Jiang Chen had finally made him feel slightly impressed.
“Not bad.”
Xuanyuan Minyi snorted and turned the ice sword in his hands. There was a thousand feet thick ice falling from the sky, not letting  Jiang Chen have a breathing space. No one knew how much the thousand feet thick ice and Sword of River Styx weighed. However, Jiang Chen tried to bear the strike with his strong determination. Even though the ground under his feet caved in, his face still remained calm and unmoved.
“The Sword of River Styx is unbearable, isn’t it?
Jiang Chen’s Heavenly Dragon Sword failed to smash the Sword of River Styx, and was completely oppressed by it. At this moment, Jiang Chen’s face turned solemn. It was true that Xuanyuan Minyi was slightly stronger than Xuanyuan Jie.
“Xuanyuan Minyi, I never thought you are stronger than me.”
Xuanyuan Jie said through gritted teeth. Although he was unwilling to admit it, Jiang Chen was utterly constrained by the Sword of River Styx at the moment, there was no chance for him to make a turnaround.
“Heavenly Dragon Sword, soul of dragon leaving the body!”
Jiang Chen roared furiously. The dragon soul of the Heavenly Dragon Sword pierced through the heavens, the three thousand miles of glacier was shattered and the Sword of River Styx was torn apart.
The Dragon soul of the Heavenly Dragon Sword revealed its mightiness completely. Xuanyuan Minyi was startled.
“Let’s see what is left in your bag this time.”
Jiang Chen gave a hasty glance at the sky, raised his sword and rushed towards Xuanyuan Minyi. Since the Sword of River Styx was already destroyed by his strike, he was bound to defeat Minyi.
“Do you really think that my Sword of River Styx will be broken so easily like this? Nothing could break my sword, even the Xuanyuan Sword.”
After Xuanyuan Minyi finished his words, he put his palms together. The pieces of the Sword of River Styx reassembled once again, which was completely no different to the previous one. The Sword of River Styx struck out once again ferociously. Jiang Chen’s face turned ghastly white for the first time.
“Perfectly reassembling the sword without a trace of the damage. This guy is not ordinary.”
Jiang Chen stepped back constantly. While the Sword of River Styx which was a thousand feet high devastated the sky furiously. Everyone from the Clear Stream Sect looked astonished. At this moment, most of them could hardly breathe after witnessing the mightiness of the sword.
Xuanyuan Minyi looked at the sky and ignored Jiang Chen. The Sword of River Styx devastated the mountains and forests continuously, which aroused a storm in Clear Stream Sect. Even without Jiang Chen, the Clear Stream Sect would be eliminated soon.
“Three Thousand Flames Dragon Seal!”
Jiang Chen launched the Five Elemental Trigram Fire Formation and stuck out the Three Thousand Flames Dragon Seal. At this moment, the Sword of River Styx and the Three Thousand Flames Dragon Seal collided against each other. Three Thousand Flames Dragon Seal reassembled with the Fire Elemental Trigram Fire. Jiang Chen casted a dragon-shaped art technique, soared into the sky and competed against the Sword of River Styx .
“Isn’t it the Fire Elemental Trigram Fire? How is it possible for him to control the Fire Elemental Trigram Fire at once? You’re truly impressive.”
Xuanyuan Minyi said under his breath. Although the Three Thousand Flames Dragon Seal that formed by the The Fire Elemental Trigram Fire could resist the Sword of River Styx, both of them could do nothing to constrain each other.
“Even though the Fire Elemental Trigram Fire is formidable, there is nothing that could melt my Sword of River Styx in the world. You will never understand how strong my sword is. The water from the River Styx is a kind of arctic water. Is there anyone who could break it? Hahaha.”
Xuanyuan Minyi said with disdain and ignored Jiang Chen.
But Jiang Chen was at ease and said calmly.
“Even though the Fire Elemental Trigram Fire can’t melt your Sword of River Styx, your Sword of River Styx will never be able to approach me.”
Jiang Chen said confidently. He could kill Xuanyuan Minyi without a doubt if they competed in terms of endurance.
Xuanyuan Minyi narrowed his eyes slightly as what Jiang Chen said true.
“Do you really think that nothing in this world could melt your Sword of River Styx? Haha. It is just ridiculous. Even my Karmic Fire of the Red Lotus?”
Red Lotus, who was dressed in red, leapt up to the sky. Her shadow was like a gorgeous girl in heaven, looking graceful and cool. There was no expression on her face, but a blaze of flame between her eyebrow which made everyone feel frightened.
“Red……Karmic Fire of the Red Lotus?”
Xuanyuan Minyi staggered back and looked ghastly pale.
“Does it really exist?”
Xuanyuan Minyi was full of doubt and wonder. Red Lotus reached out and the Sword of River Styx that used to be terrifying turned into raindrops in the twinkling of an eye. It fell on the ground, washing out the dust just like the rainfall. Xuanyuan Minyi was completely stunned at this moment.
“It’s the real Karmic Fire of the Red Lotus. The most terrifying flame in the world!”
Xuanyuan Minyi murmured. He had never thought that the Karmic Fire of the Red Lotus truly existed in Linhe Boundary. He thought it was just a rumour, however, it was true as he witnessed how the flame melted his Sword of River Styx just now. It was the sword that he felt proud of the most. The invincible and invisible water turned nothing in front of the Karmic Fire of the Red Lotus.
“It seems like you’re way stronger.”
Jiang Chen took a glance at Red Lotus and gave her a thumbs up.
“Don’t get me wrong, I am not doing this for you. I am just annoyed to see him keep on blowing his own trumpet.”
Red Lotus said lightly and disappeared immediately without a trace. She returned to the Myriad Qi Cauldron once again.
Disappearing without leaving any trace. Even Jiang Chen felt impressed, not to mention Xuanyuan Minyi. What an awesome life. It was unnecessary to explain more about it, they were referring to Red Lotus’s life.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2683 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2684


The Last Hope
Red Lotus moved without a trace. Xuanyuan Minyi was completely stunned as he looked at Jiang Chen silently. He heaved a sigh but he was unable to change the fact that he had suffered severe wounds and the Sword of River Styx was utterly destroyed. He took a tremendous hammering in the battle.
Red Lotus’s power had been greatly enhanced but it was still not considered as unbeatable and irresistible. However, the Karmic Fire of the Red Lotus was still able to put the Sword of River Styx under absolute suppression. Therefore, Xuanyuan Minyi would never be able to show his strength to the fullest in front of Red Lotus even if he was a genius.
“I lose. I am a loser after all. Hahaha. How could it be possible not to lose to the Karmic Fire of the Red Lotus? I have nothing to say now. Kid, you just made a profound achievement this time.”
Xuanyuan Minyi glanced at Jiang Chen with a bitter smile. He shook his head, but still looked dignified. Since he had made a promise, he would not keep entangling with Jiang Chen anymore. Most importantly, he was nearly exhausted and he could not exert his strength to the fullest now. And the wounds caused by Red Lotus could not be recovered within such a short period of time.
“It’s a great battle.”
Jiang Chen said lightly. At this moment, he had prepared himself for the battle and he was bound to eliminate the Clear Stream Sect.
“I would like to give you advice, kid. You will never be able to own Xuanyuan’s Broken Sword, ever. Instead, the Divine Power of the broken Xuanyuan Sword will manifest since it lost the Xuanyuan Family’s protection. And, by that time, I am sure that the entire Xuanyuan Family in the Divine World will come after you. Both of us are just one part of them, and I doubt that you could resist the real Xuanyuan Family on your own, since you’re merely a little Divine King expert. Even those Hierarch experts would not dare to offend the Xuanyuan Family.” Xuanyuan Minyi said in a low voice.
It sounded like advice but also a kind of threat at the same time. However, Jiang Chen would not play their games.
“The broken Xuanyuan Sword is in my hands now, it belongs to me now for sure. If there is someone who wants to take it from me, I am always willing to accept the challenge. I have been on good terms with Xue Liang so I wish the Forgotten Sword Tomb wouldn’t intervene in this matter. Xuanyuan Minyi, you may leave now.”
Xuanyuan Minyi clearly understood Jiang Chen’s words. This guy would surely arouse a storm soon. That was what he was bound to do as it would be the only way to let off his anger and dissatisfaction on the Clear Stream Sect and Linhe Boundary.
“Take a step back and you will find the vastness of the universe, it is never too late to mend. If you keep killing people endlessly, those who will suffer will be the innocent disciples. It is just sinful.”
Xuanyuan Minyi heaved a deep sigh.
“Hahaha. I didn’t mean to treat them as enemies, but I became a thorn in their flesh and they would definitely chase after me and try to seize my treasures. How should I articulate my rage and grievance? The Hundred Sect Alliance intended to constrain my strength forever by chasing me for thousands of miles. Even my brother nearly died in vain, is there anyone willing to speak out for me? My father had nothing to do with this but he was hurt by them cruelly without knowing the reason. Is there anyone who could tell me what I have been suffering? That is my father, my one and only father in the world.”
Jiang Chen said harshly and strongly. Each word reached deep into every soul. He looked at everyone in disdain with eyes blazing with anger. At this moment, everyone was trying to avoid direct eye contact with Jiang Chen.
“What’s wrong, has the cat caught your tongue? There is a law of jungle in this world, the strong should rule over the weak and the strongest will become king. If I am the one who suffered a defeat today, I will be the one begging them to let me go. But do you think they will agree to do that? Hahaha. It’s just ridiculous. I will suffer a great blow and I will never be able to rise again. It’s normal to see them bullying but for me, it is called sinful? Damn, do you think this is logical and fair? I am ready now, even if I am dead I will kill anyone who will hold me back. No one could block my path, even God!”
Xuanyuan Minyi held his breath for a second, he had nothing to say. At this moment, he felt aggrieved to hear these words. He thought what Jiang Chen said was not wrong. No smoke without fire, there is always a reason for a rumour. This was probably a causal chain that formed by the Hundred Sect Alliance, and they were destined to suffer this fate.
Jiang Chen’s eyes swept over the void and fixed his glance at the twenty Divine King Realm experts. It made them feel being stabbed by pins and needles. Jiang Chen had defeated two Late Divine King realm experts continuously. Even if they were exceedingly strong, they would obviously never be able to make a turnaround. They were facing a great dilemma, like a lamb to the slaughter.
“Jiang Chen, you’re truly a devil. Why are you still struggling to justify your sin? Our Clear Stream Sect is bound to fight to the death.”
Xuanyuan Jie’s eyes were blazing with anger. It was time to fight to the death. Otherwise, they would all be killed eventually.
“Xuanyuan Minyi, you are an old codger. Even though there were decades of enmity between us, it’s time for us to bury the hatchet and fight against Jiang Chen together. Please don’t forget that we both share the same surname, Xuanyuan.”
Xuanyuan Jie took a furious glare at Xuanyuan Minyi, while Xuanyuan Minyi could not help but nod his head. Jiang Chen was an outsider to them. Even though Xuanyuan Minyi had thousands of years of enmity with Xuanyuan Jie, they were from the same sect after all. And it would bring disgrace upon the sect and everyone would suffer if Jiang Chen took the Xuanyuan Broken Sword away.
“Fine!”
Xuanyuan Minyi roared in a low voice and Xuanyuan Jie felt relieved. Their only hope now was their Clear Stream Sect’s Sect Guardian Formation. This was the strongest and greatest formation of their sect, even Jiang Chen could hardly resist this Sect Guardian Formation.
“Sect Guardian Formation, launch! Everyone, please lend me a hand to kill this devil and everyone will be considered heroes of our sect. Or else, I am afraid that you guys would hardly survive if this kid strikes out and starts killing.”
Xuanyuan Jie was telling them the truth. More than twenty Divine King Realm experts made an alliance and helped Xuanyuan Jie out in full strength to launch the Great Sect Guardian Formation. Even Xuanyuan Minyi joined the alliance. More than twenty Divine King Realm experts were struggling to launch the Great Sect Guardian Formation, and they were aiming for Jiang Chen.
Jiang Chen looked cold and smiled with a sneer.
“Are you playing formation with me?”
Jiang Chen said in disdain. The Fire Elemental Trigram Fire Formation transformed rapidly in his hand and the edge of the No Beginning Formation started attacking the Great Sect Guardian Formation. The edge of the No Beginning Formation was sufficient for Jiang Chen to cast countless of tricks while the Great Sect Guardian Formation could not show its power under the constraint of the No Beginning Formation. In other words, the Great Sect Guardian Formation was utterly useless.
“How could this guy stay calm and confident? He is digging his own grave now. Humph.”
“The moment the Great Sect Guardian Formation is set up, Jiang Chen will die for sure. Trust me everyone. Fight with all your strength and control the formation.”
“You’re just being too overbearing. How dare you try to break our Clear Stream Sect’s Great Sect Guardian Formation? It’s a joke.”
The Great Sect Guardian Formation was finally activated, the universe was changing rapidly while the clouds and lightnings were glimmering brightly. But the most terrifying thing was the Heavenly Lightning in the depths of the clouds. The Great Sect Guardian Formation started turning around and the two thousands disciples slightly felt relieved as the Great Sect Guardian Formation would probably shield them from danger.
“You guys are too naive. It is definitely not the right way to play the formation. There is only one Great Sect Guardian Formation, but all of you are controlling over it. Who will be the person in charge? Haha. Do you really think that everyone could cast the formation well?”
Jiang Chen shook his head and said with a shade of mockery.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2684 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2685


The White-Clothed Reverend
“Break it! No Beginning Formation, united in one!”
Jiang Chen was taking control of the formation perfectly, which made the No Beginning Formation and the Great Sect Guardian Formation clashed against each other intensely. And what Jiang Chen was trying to do was to kill them. Kill them ruthlessly, just kill without mercy!
Jiang Chen was like a flying dragon diving into the sea and rushing at Clear Stream Sect, looking invincible and unbeatable. Those twenty thousands disciples were either killed or suffered severe injuries. Desperate cries and screams were heard everywhere. Besides their endless unwillingness and anger, fears and trembling, they did not show any other reaction. They lost the arrogance and mockery and overbearance which they had shown earlier. They seemed humble like an ant being held by Jiang Chen and being devastated like the autumn wind sweeping away the withered leaves.
Xuanyuan Jie was trembling with fear, even Ti Longhuai and Ti Longqing felt the same way. All of them heaved a deep sigh as Jiang Chen was extremely terrifying. He was killing everyone without mercy and no one could survive in his hands.
“Jiang Chen, you are so cruel. You are such a devil, you are really insane. You will be banished to the deepest hell.”
Xuanyuan Jie roared desperately and his face looked ghastly white. The foundation of the Clear Stream Sect was utterly destroyed. A sect without any disciple would be equivalent to a heap of ruins.
Xuanyuan Jie had never expected Jiang Chen to kill people ruthlessly without hesitation. He would surely suffer eternal damnation due to his disregard for human life! However, it seemed like he had forgotten his own sect. The most unbearable thing that the entire Linhe Boundary had done to Jiang Chen was hurting his father mercilessly. It was not important even if he was called a devil by thousands of people.
“What is the difference between killing one and thousands of people? No one can hold me back from doing what I want to do. I will kill all of you heartily to avenge my father. I don’t mean to kill the innocent people but you guys made me do this, I will never let off anyone who offended me. Just die now, none of you could change my mind. I’m not killing people but making you see what a  true devil is.”
Jiang Chen disregarded the living things and killed them with ease. He was not a murderer, but what if he was the one who was defeated? Perhaps they would treat him brutally and without mercy just like what he was doing. Why should he take pity on them? Was there anyone who had a moment of pity towards his father? The family members were not supposed to be involved in the battle but his father had suffered all kinds of hardships because of him.
“Kill!”
Jiang Chen killed ten at once without hesitation. The Clear Stream Sect’s disciples, elites, and elders were all killed under Jiang Chen’s sword. The Great Sect Guardian Formation could hardly protect all of them. Everyone’s face was contorted, looking extremely pale.
“Devil, you are breaking the rules of nature. I warn you to stop it immediately, just get down on your knee and die.”
An ear-splitting roar reverberated and pierced through the sky. Everyone within thousands of miles trembled in the depths of their mind. They looked into the sky with a shade of excitement, lifting up with hope once again.
Jiang Chen gave a hasty glance at the sky. There was a shadow appearing slowly in the void, dressed in white and holding a sword of feather with fluttering sleeves. That person was extraordinarily attractive and extremely elegant with beautiful features. He was standing upon all of them, looking extravagant and superior.
“Who are you?”
Jiang Chen wore a frown, he could feel that this middle-aged man was exceedingly strong even without looking at him directly.
“It’s Reverend, the Reverend of the Nine Boundaries!”
Xuanyuan Jie’s face changed color and bowed down immediately. He got the opportunity to meet Reverend once when he was still a kid but he had never thought of meeting him again in his life. It was a great honor for him, and he believed that the Reverend would save them from their misery.
“Is he the real Reverend of the Nine Boundaries?”
“We should be saved now. Hahaha. We will not be killed by Jiang Chen.”
“Reverend Lord, please help us bring justice. This Jiang Chen is a vicious devil who killed countless innocent people. He should be banished to the deepest of hell.”
“Our Clear Stream Sect is utterly devastated by Jiang Chen. Please kindly uphold justice for all of us.”
Everyone’s hope was placed on the Reverend of the Nine Boundaries now. The Reverend of the Nine Boundaries was considered as an influential and respectable person with a powerful background in Lone Dragon County. Everyone would kneel before him and bow down to show their utmost respect.
Everyone bowed down to him, except Jiang Chen. He was staring at the Reverend of the Nine Boundaries arrogantly and coldly.
“So you’re the Reverend of the Nine Boundaries? It’s my first time to meet you.”
Jiang Chen grinned and said with disdain.
“How dare you act so rude to our Reverend Lord? You’re at death’s door now.”
Xuanyuan Jie sneered. The Reverend of the Nine Boundaries has the strength of Reverend level and no one dared to offend him. Even if your strength is invincible and unbeatable, you would never be his opponent. However, the Reverend Lord was filled with delight and excitement to see Jiang Chen who was digging his own grave.
“Evil, just knee down and surrender. Maybe I will consider keeping your corpse intact. Otherwise,  I swear to banish your soul to oblivion. You’re the first one to disrespect a Reverend Lord.”
In the eyes of the white-clothed Reverend Lord, they looked gloomy and full of killing intent. He gave a ferocious glare to Jiang Chen.
“So what? Who could stop me if I insist on killing these people? I swear to kill those who block my way. Even the Reverend Lord should bow down in front of me, do you think I will be afraid of you when you are merely a clone? If your real body is here, perhaps I will cut and run now. But now, no one could hold me back, even if it’s you.”
Although it was just a clone, it represented the mightiness and overbearance of the Reverend of the Nine Boundaries. It was a sign of magnificence and authority but Jiang Chen completely disrespected  him. It made the white-clothed Reverend Lord feel like losing his face for suffering such an insult by this little Half-step Divine King Realm expert. How could he rule the nine boundaries and made his people respect him in the future?
At this moment, the white-clothed Reverend Lord and Jiang Chen looked cold and gloomy. Jiang Chen was not afraid at all.
“How dare you talk nonsense in front of the Reverend Lord? Jiang Chen, are you insane?”
Xuanyuan Jie roared furiously and saluted with hands folded
“It is just a fox who is assuming the majesty of the tiger. No one could stop me from killing you. Even God will not be able to change my mind, not to mention the Reverend of the Nine Boundaries.”
Jiang Chen looked extremely arrogant and overbearing, acting like the Reverend of the Nine Boundaries was air.
“It seems like you do not fear death at all. Even a clone can kill you at ease. Get over yourself Jiang Chen. You’re the most deliberative person among the nine boundaries and you will end up dead for acting recklessly.”
The Reverend of the Nine Boundaries soared in the sky, overlooking the world. Even the Lone Dragon County would show him some respect, not to mention, Linhe Boundary.
But Jiang Chen did it. Jiang Chen disregarded the Reverend Lord and offended him by telling him that he had killed countless people. This only showed that the existence of the Reverend Lord was completely ignored by Jiang Chen.
“Offending the Reverend of the Nine Boundaries, you will die miserably. Humph.”
Li Xie said with a sneer. Since Jiang Chen was digging his own grave, no one could save him now.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2685 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2686


No Rivals Within the Linhe Boundary
“Evil shall not prevail. Haha, we’re finally saved.” Di Longhuai said with a laugh as the pressure within his heart was dissipated.
The only loss now was the destruction of the Clear Stream Sect. However, he’s the prime candidate as the lord to rebuild the sect. It’s bad news for others but great for him.
“I want you to watch me kill every single one here.”
Jiang Chen pointed his blade towards the Reverend of the Nine Boundaries. The tension between the two was at its peak.
“Puny fella, you dare spout nonsense against me?! Die!” The white-robed Reverend squinted his eyes and flew towards the cloud, closing in onto Jiang Chen.
“Great Soul Derivation Technique! Seal!”
Jiang Chen’s divine soul was already at the Hierarch Realm, Mid Hierarch Realm to be exact. He wasn’t able to use the Great Soul Derivation Technique before due to the high energy requirement. However, his Great Soul Derivation Technique was now able to stop all spirits below the Hierarch Realm. Although this White-Robed Reverend was powerful, his divine soul clone will never surpass the Hierarch Realm, therefore Jiang Chen was confident that he could stop him.
“This is…” The White-Robed Reverend was stunned.
He was fixed on the spot by the Great Soul Derivation Technique. Jiang Chen then calmly smiled.
“I’ve said it before, you’re only an audience. Everyone here is doomed.”
Jiang Chen then raised his blade and started his massacre. The whole Clear Stream Sect was ringing with voices of blood-curdling screams.
White-Robed Reverend’s eyes became red as his anger burn. He felt that his dignity was challenged. He couldn’t break free from the restriction  of Jiang Chen’s Great Soul Derivation Technique no matter how powerful he was, as his divine soul was suppressed. He could only watch as the genocide happen infront of him. One expert fell after another, one elite of the sect falling one after another, without stopping… True Gods, Heavenly Gods, Divine Kings… !
“Save me, lord, I do not want to die!”
“Reverend, please save us, the Clear Stream Sect cannot fall, Linhe Boundary cannot fall.”
“I don’t wanna die….”
“Jiang Chen, you cannot kill us!”
“Lord Reverend, please have mercy, save us…”
Li Batian, Dan Feng, Di Longhuai, their expressions became pale. Jiang Chen’s blade was slaying everyone within the Clear Stream Sect’s grounds. Those who went to seek protection too were not exempted. The Clear Stream Sect was thoroughly doomed. The people from the Divine Pill Sect and Ghost Eye Sect secretly rejoiced as this did not happen within their sect grounds. Yet, they too couldn’t escape the fate of getting killed. Nobody could save them, not even the Reverend of the Nine Boundaries.
“Jiang Chen, do you really want to go against me? Do you think, you alone, can stand against the world?” White-Robed Reverend’s expression was extremely cold.
He had never felt such humiliation in his life. To think Jiang Chen would perform such deeds in front him, totally ignoring him.
“I will kill them all while you’re looking, so what are you gonna do about that? Hmph.” Jiang Chen totally ignored White-Robed Reverend as his blade swept through those men.
Those Divine Kings couldn’t stop him, Jiang Chen was unstoppable. Everyone died in less than half an hour. Except for Xuanyuan Mingyi. The Clear Stream Sect was dead silent and White-Robed Reverend’s expression was deathly gloomy.
“I am acquainted with Xue Liang, I do not wish to kill you. Leave.” Jiang Chen said coldly.
Xuanyuan Mingyi sighed. Even though he had already decided to kill  Jiang Chen, the latter still let him go in the end. At that moment, he could see the cruelty in Jiang Chen’s eyes wasn’t without a shred of warmth. He wouldn’t have given any thought to Xue Liang and let him go, twice to boot.
Xuanyuan Mingyi could feel Jiang Chen’s helplessness. Who could’ve known his pain and suffering? At this moment, he finally believed that Jiang Chen was forced by others to do all these, if it wasn’t for the Linhe Boundary, the Hundred Sect Alliance, who would’ve wanted to be enemies of everyone?
Jiang Chen’s relatives and friends were doing their best to survive. He was forced by others to be this cruel. Due to that everyone suffered.
“Thanks.”  Xuanyuan Mingyi turned around and left, his back looked lonely and his eyes were filled with sadness.
He lost, the Linhe Boundary lost, he didn’t just lose in terms of abilities, he also lost in terms of humanity. The whole Linhe Boundary forced Jiang Chen to be this cruel, to be the devil that kills everyone that opposes him within this region. From his point of view, Jiang Chen has already compromised a lot.
“Jiang Chen, are you sure you wanna be enemies with me?” White-Robed Reverend looked at Jiang Chen coldly.
He had never suffered such humiliation, never once had anyone disrespected him to this extent.
“I do not want to be enemies with you but I’ll kill anyone who stands in my way. My father should not suffer such persecution without reason. From now on, the Linhe Boundary does not owe me anything and neither do I. However, if any sect persecutes or goes against me… I shall make sure they will pay, in blood.”
Jiang Chen glanced at the destroyed Clear Stream Sect. White-Robed Reverend’s reputation was severely tarnished by Jiang Chen’s action. Linhe Boundary was his subordinate’s territory, yet a Half-Step Divine King managed to destroy the top three sects. It was such shocking news… this news will certainly spread to every corner of the 27 regions of the Lone Dragon County.
“Alright, Jiang Chen, we’ll see each other soon. You better remember this!” White-Robed Reverend could only back off as there’s nothing he could do with Jiang Chen’s Great Soul Derivation Technique.
His dignity and reputation were ignored and disregarded, his identity of being the lord was useless.
Jiang Chen looked around… There are no more rivals within the Linhe Boundary.
He then entered the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda. Lin Ruyue hugged his father tight within her arms. At that moment, his heart felt pained, extreme pain. The suffering his father endured was due to this son’s action. How can he face his father?
Currently, Jiang Zhenhai lost both of his arms, the bones in his legs were broken and his eyes blinded. It was due to him crying his heart out as he couldn’t witness his son suffering such great pain. It was the resentment in his heart that caused his eyes to lose the ability to see the light.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2686 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2687


Attacking the Wang Clan
“Dad! This son is unfilial!” Jiang Chen said while holding in his tears.
“You’re still alive, then everything is alright.”
“They…”  Jiang Zhenhai paused and asked.
“I’ve killed them all. The Clear Stream Sect is thoroughly annihilated.” Jiang Chen said.
Jiang Zhenhai’s expression was calm because nobody else mattered more than his own son.
Lin Ruyue was the only one that was struck with a massive emotion. Everyone was killed by Jiang Chen, the Clear Stream Sect destroyed. This information was too much for her to handle. Jiang Chen was just a Half-Step Divine King, this was terrifying.
“Jiang Chen, your father, he…”  Lin Ruyue said and her tears dropped.
“I am here.” Jiang Chen said. I will make sure dad can recover with everything I have.
“Ruyue, sorry, I…
“Speak no more, I will stay with you, forever.” Lin Ruyue wiped away her tears.
I may not be great. But… Jiang Chen is powerful. It’s great that he has such a good son… I’ll stay with Brother Zhenhai forever.
“Rest assured, father, I will surely cure you.”
Jiang Chen suddenly thought of the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart. The Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart could help his father regrow his arm. However, it’s now in Yu Jingxian’s possession. He also knew that it was time for him to look for them although he did not want to face her again…
“Thank you, Aunty Lin, for all this time. I may need to trouble you further, to take care of my father.” Jiang Chen said.
“This is my responsibility.”
Lin Ruyue flushed as he heard Jiang Chen calling her Aunty Lin. She was happy that Jiang Chen accepted her.
“I… truly… Haih… ” Jiang Zhenhai wanted to say something but was interrupted by Lin Ruyue.
“Rest assured, Brother Zhenhai, I will never leave you, forever, no matter how bad your situation is.”
Jiang Chen felt happy and pretty shocked with Lin Ruyue’s persistence and feelings towards his father.
“Jiang Chen, it was due to someone’s action that your father was sent to Clear Stream Sect.” Lin Ruyue said.
Jiang Chen’s expression changed. Looks like this matter is not simple. Father wasn’t caught by Clear Stream Sect but was sent by others.
“Who?”
Jiang Chen’s anger was burning once again,
“Guye City, the Wang Clan, the instigator is Wang Jianji, the strategist of the Wang Clan, also the steward. ” Lin Ruyue said after gritting her teeth.
“Guye City!”
Jiang Chen looked towards that direction with a cold gaze.
“Let’s go to Guye City.” Jiang Chen said and led them towards the Guye City.
In the Wang Estate, Wang Jianji was having his ‘fun-time’ in the forest with Wangy Yunkun’s concubine.
Jiang Chen released his aura. There wasn’t any Heavenly God within Guye City. The strongest were just three Mid True Gods.
“Wang Clan is it…”   Jiang Chen’s eyes were cold as he stood above the Wang Family Estate:
“Wang Jianji, come out!” Jiang Chen shouted.
The whole Guye City, and the Wang Clan was shocked. The top three Mid-True God experts quickly came out. Wang Yunkun’s expression changed drastically. To think someone is here asking for Wang jianji… and that voice even caused my ears to ring…
Wang Jianji shuddered as he rolled down from his bed. Although Lin Ruyue had cut off his ‘little brother’, he was still a pervert.
“Who, who’s calling for me?” Wang Jianji ran out, nervously.
Jiang Chen instantly locked onto his qi and appeared in front of him using his shadow clone.
Wang Jianji took two steps back out of fear, his expression was pale and nervous.
“You… you… who’re you?” Wang Jianji pointed at Jiang Chen and said. He felt that he couldn’t face this youngster.
“You don’t know me, that’s fine, you should know who is Jiang Zhenhai, right?”
Jiang Chen said indifferently.
“Jiang Zhen, Jiang Zhenhai? You… you’re Jiang Chen?” Wang Jianji gasped as he staggered.
“Who dares come and cause a scene? Show yourself.” Wang Yunkun appeared in the garden of the estate.
He saw Jiang Chen and showed a solemn expression. This youth is strong.
“You’re the patriarch of the Wang Clan? Good, I don’t need to search for you.”
Jiang Chen glanced at Wang Jianji and Wang Yunkun with murderous intent.
“Who are you? What do you want?” Wang Yunkun said as he instinctively felt that danger was befalling them.
“He… he’s Jiang Chen!”
Wang Jianji took several steps back, obviously frightened by Jiang Chen. He couldn’t even be compared to what Jiang Chen has done in the past.
“You’re Jiang Chen!” Wang Yunkun felt disturbed as he prepared himself to face such a powerful foe.
Lin Ruyue and Jiang Zhenhai appeared behind Jiang Chen. Yunkun and Jianji gasped.
“Jiang Zhenhai! You’re still alive?!”
“Jiang Chen, don’t be cocky. The Clear Stream Sect promised us that they’ll take in 10 disciples of ours to their sect and that Guye City shall be ours in the future.” Wang Yunkun sneered.
Jiang Chen couldn’t help but chuckle. Clear Stream Sect? Guye City? The top family? Hahaha this is funny.
“Clear Stream Sect is already destroyed. No survivors amongst its 10,000 disciples. Who do you think you are? Hmph.” Lin Ruyue said while looking at Wang Yunkun and Jianji.
Jiang Zhenhai was persecuted because of those two. He wouldn’t have been harmed by the Clear Stream Sect if it weren’t for these two.
“Impossible! You shouldn’t be able to face the Clear Stream Sect and the Hundred Sect Alliance. They are the best sect in the entire Linhe Boundary. It is impossible!”
Wang Jianji refused to believe that Jiang Chen had destroyed the Clear Stream Sect. However, they cannot do anything with Jiang Chen being here.
“Bah, it’s your choice if you do not believe me. You guys wouldn’t know it anyway, I didn’t want to go too far, but you guys shouldn’t have harmed my father.” Jiang Chen said coldly.
These despicable fellas were worthless. He didn’t want to argue with them! They were not on his level.
“No, this is impossible! Don’t lie to me! My Wang Clan should be able to take control of Guye City in less than ten years with the help of Clear Stream Sect.” Wang Yunkun said while shaking his head. He refused to believe what Jiang Chen had said.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2687 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2688


Chapter 2688
The Border of Qilian, Towering Mountains
“Bunch of insects, you reap what you sow, the torture of the 18th depths of hell is not enough for you. I’ll seal your soul within the Great Yu Soul Forming Light and let you suffer for eternity, be devoured by the souls and forever be the deathly slave of this cursed item.”
Jiang Chen then took Wang Jianji and Wang Yunkun’s soul and threw it into the Great Yu Soul Forming Light.
“Haih, Wang Yunkun treated me pretty well in the past.” Jiang Zhenhai sighed.
“Dad, if it weren’t for those two, you wouldn’t have suffered such pain. They are reaping what they sow. Sinners must be punished.”
Lin Ruyue was pretty impressed by Jiang Chen. Jiang Chen single-handedly overpowered the whole Linhe Boundary. It was unimaginable, even those big clans that had survived for thousands of years were destroyed by him.
“Right, dad, Xiao Yu and Sister Ning, did they come too?” Jiang Chen asked. He was thinking about them.
“Those two disappeared after you and Big Yellow left. There was no news about them even right before I came to the Divine World.”
“Dad, how did you arrive in the Divine World from the Divine Tomb? The journey must be perilous, right?”
Jiang Chen asked as Wu Ningzhu and Yan Chenyun may have entered the Divine Tomb too.
“What Divine Tomb?” Jiang Zhenhai was stunned.
“I reached the Divine World after withstanding the Heavenly Tribulation, there’s no Divine Tomb in the process.”
“What? You didn’t enter the Divine Tomb?”
Jiang Chen was pretty shocked by what his dad had told him. How did this happen? Those who wished to enter the Divine World must pass through the Divine Tomb. Why didn’t father enter the Divine Tomb? Could it be that the Divine Tomb is no more? He knew that there wouldn’t be any answer if he asked his father. He felt somewhat shocked by the disappearance of the tomb. But the journey to the Divine World would be easier without it . Perhaps, those two will not face those dangers when they come to the Divine World.
“Just what is the Divine Tomb…?” Jiang Chen murmured.
However, he didn’t have a clue as the Divine Tomb was a terrifying place.
“I’ll bring you guys to the Profound Wind Sect. It’s the sect that I first joined after arriving in Linhe Boundary. Wait for me over there. Dad, I’ll make sure that you’ll get better.” Jiang Chen said.
He had cured his father’s leg but he needed the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart to regrow his father’s arms.
On the sky of Profound Wind Sect, Jiang Chen arrived in a sudden manner, The Sect Lord of the Profound Wind Sect, Xuan Qingming quickly flew up to the sky as he sensed a great aura within the sect grounds. His expression became serious.
“What matter does this friend require from the Profound Wind Sect?” Xuan Qingming asked.
“Sect Lord, it’s me, do you not recognise me? Hahaha.” Jiang Chen landed on the mountain peak from the sky.
Xuan Qingming was slightly stunned but then it turned into a happy expression.
“It’s really you. Jiang Chen.”
“Haha, that’s right.” Jiang Chen brought his dad and Ruyue.
Xuan Qingming’s expression was heavy. He recently heard the news that Jiang Chen had destroyed several sects and there was news within Linhe Boundary that those who had hunted Jiang Chen down before were now in danger.
“I have a request for coming back to Profound Wind Sect this time, I hope the Sect Lord will grant it.”
Jiang Chen said while clasping his fist.
Xuan Qingming was silently shocked. Jiang Chen was very powerful although he was just a Half-Step Divine King, was there anything that requires his help?
“Please, do tell, I’ve said it before, the Profound Wind Sect will always be your home.”
Jiang Chen was moved.
“Sect Lord, my father is injured, I hope to settle him down here to recuperate. I hope, Sect Lord will take care of him.”
“It is a small matter. Haha.” Xuan Qingming said while waving his palm but his heart was weighing on him heavily.
“There’s another matter, I’ve destroyed the Clear Stream Sect. In the future, there shall be none within the Linhe Boundary that would dare to stand against me, Jiang Chen.” Jiang Chen said.
“What? Clear Stream Sect has… “ Xuan Qingming’s expression changed drastically as he looked at Jiang Chen.
At this moment, this news would surely be akin to a giant bomb that would turn the whole Linhe Boundary upside down.
Xuan Qingming took a deep breath, he couldn’t believe that Jiang Chen was able to do such a shocking thing.
“No survivors. My father was harmed by them. I originally wanted to just kill off their elites and the higher ups of the sect. But they dared to touch my family, I killed all of their disciples in anger. In addition to more than twenty Divine King experts of the Divine Pill Sect, Ghost Eye Sect and several other great sects. I think they won’t come and cause me any trouble anymore after that battle.” Jiang Chen said with a solemn expression.
Xuan Qingming silently gasped but he chose to believe Jiang Chen.
In the past, he had anticipated that Jiang Chen was not one to be held within the Profound Wind Sect. The latter did not disappoint him, reaching to such greater height, invincible within the Linhe Boundary.
“I will set up a great formation around the Profound Wind Sect. One that could withstand a Hierarch Expert.”Jiang Chen said.
Xuan Qingming did not question him, he had never seen such a powerful formation before in his life. Even though he’s a Late Heavenly God now, he couldn’t be compared against Jiang Chen.
Jiang Chen left after doing what needed to be done. Xuan Qingming knew that Jiang Chen would rise to a greater height after this. Jiang Chen’s stage will be in the grand stage of the Lone Dragon County, no… the Northern Cold Divine Region.
“Elder Jiang, what more do you need when you have such a child. Hahaha.”
“I, Jiang Zhenhai have done nothing great in this life. But Jiang Chen, that boy, is my greatest pride.” Jiang Zhenhai said proudly.
Around the borders of Qilian Region, on the eastern desolate lands, a towering mountain range that was shaped like a sleeping peacock. Colourful plants and beautiful scenery could be seen on top of the mountain-peak.
On top of the mountain, there’s a lonely city, named Bai Yu City.
The city was not big and a pretty silent town. It wasn’t conspicuous nor famous and it houses around a hundred thousand plus men.
Outside of this city, there were two cities, on the west and north respectively. They were 8000 li apart. They were the three great clans within the area, Feng Clan, Yu Clan and Dongpo Clan!
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2688 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2689


Chapter 2689
The Competition of the Yu Clan
The spring breeze was brewing across the city.
Within Bai Yu City, it was spring all year-round, pavilions could be seen everywhere.
The Yu estate covers a third of Bai Yu City. The largest estate within the city.
Within the giant Bai Yu City, the people were flustered, they sighed as they looked up in the sky, wondering when would this unstable time pass.
In the grand hall, a dozen or so Yu Clan juniors sat at the end of the room. While four elders sat calmly within the room. However, the tension within the room was something else, everyone else was in a tense mood.
There were two others beside the four elders. One was wearing an elegant white robe with a peacock sewn on it, and the other was wearing an azure robe with a lively dragon sewn on it. Both of them were emitting a domineering aura. They were both trying to be in the spotlight.
“This time, the Third Eldest, Fifth Eldest Scarlet and Jingxian managed to bring the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart back. It is certainly a great fortune for our Yu Clan. The Patriarch will certainly get through this.” The leading elder said indifferently. As if the recovery of the patriarch doesn’t matter much to him.
“The Saint Doctor Wang Lingzhi said that as long as we have the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart, the Patriarch will certainly awaken.” Another elder said with a serious expression.
“The Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart is extremely precious. I should take care of it temporarily. Fellow Elders, what do you think?” The white-robed youngster said indifferently.
The eldest held greater authority. Now that his father has fallen, the eldest, which was him, would naturally take control of the Yu Clan, he should be the one with power within the clan.
“Eldest Brother, you’re extremely busy handling matters of the clan every day, how could we dare trouble you? I am always the one who handles the provision within the clan. Why is brother overstepping his authority? This Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart should be my responsibility to take care of. Fellow elders, am I right? Rules cannot be broken. Plus, those rules were set by father.” The azure-robed youth said, obviously against the white-robed youth.
Everyone could see that these two guys were on each other’s throat. This situation had happened frequently within this hall.
“I am the eldest. I should be the one that’ll take hold of it. Is there anyone bigger than me in this Yu Clan?” Yu Wangnian said coldly as his eyes became colder, not giving a sh*t to anyone.
“Father is still sick in bed and you’re trying to take control of the clan? Are you disregarding our father?” Yu Wangnian’s sharp eyes stared back at him, not giving Yu Wangqing a single opportunity.
“Alright, Second Eldest, you’re getting capable, you dare go against big brother now.” Yu Wangqing said.
“I am speaking the truth. The elders are the witnesses. Is Eldest Brother implying that I’m doing something wrong? I do not wish to quarrel with you while father is still in bed. The eldest should act like the eldest of the family, isn’t it?” Yu Wangnian said as he curled his lips.
Yu Wangqing’s expression became dark. He was being played by the Second Eldest. They have been fighting against each other for a hundred years and the wobbly situation of the Yu Clan has also been happening for a hundred years now.
“Enough, brothers. Father is still lying sick on the bed. Us brothers wouldn’t want to see the eldest brothers fighting against each other for such a tiny matter. The Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart is brought back by Little Xian, let her take a hold of it.” Yu Jingfan said with a serious expression.
As the Third Eldest, he never competed against others, even the seat of Patriarch. When they managed to get the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart back with great effort, they were welcomed by the disgusting competition between their two eldest brothers. He was truly saddened and disappointed by it.
“Then, Third Brother is right, I have no comment about that.” The Second Eldest, Yu Wangnian said indifferently.
“Hmph, every one of you has become the good guys, huh.” Yu Wangqing flapped his sleeve and left the hall.
“Then, it’s decided. Little Xian, you have brought the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart back, You’ll be temporarily tasked to keep it safe. Take it out to cure the patriarch when the Saint Doctor Wang Lingzhi comes.” The Great Elder said.
Everyone agreed to it.
“Understood, Great Elder.” Yu Jingxian nodded with a tinge of worry between her brow.
The Saint Doctor has left the estate for several years and has not returned. She was worried as her father’s situation was getting worse every day. Nobody knew whether the doctor could cure her father, but at least there was still hope and they would never let go of that little chance they have.
There was a dark air surrounding the clan. The fight between the two eldest brothers was getting even more intense. With the threat from the outside and internal unrest within the family, the clan wasn’t as peaceful as it was. Yu Jingxian could only hope for the Saint Doctor’s quick return, and cure his father off his sickness. To reestablish the former peace and glory of the Yu Clan. The former peace and love between the siblings was now gone. Each sibling was taking their own sides, everything has changed.
Everyone scattered, leaving only Yu Huafan, Yu Jingfan and Yu Jingxian in the garden.
“With their family being that way… looks like the Eldest and Second Eldest are prepared. The outside and inside threat would explode if father truly falls.” Yu Huafan sighed bitterly.
“Hundred years have passed. The Yu Clan is still here but it has lost its former glory. The Feng Clan is eyeing on us and the Dongpo Clan is ready to strike us at any given moment. Now, with such a thing happening in our clan, this is truly worrying… if this continues… our Yu Clan will surely fall without a doubt.” Yu Jingfan shook his head and said.
He’s the Third Brother, he couldn’t contest against the Eldest and Second Eldest. Most importantly, there was an abundance of problems within the clan. Yu Wangnian and Yu Wangqing do not wish to have their father awaken too. So that the Yu Clan would be forced to choose a new Patriarch and the two of them will fight for it.
“The current plan is to pray that the doctor returns fast. Then, father will be saved.” Yu Jingxian bit her lips and said quietly.
However, this Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart was taken from Jiang Chen. There was an unerasable mark on Yu Jingxian’s heart. That regret will follow her forever.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2689 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2690


Chapter 2690
Just a Wolf Cub
Yu Jingxian gazed afar, but she couldn’t see hope. The children of the clan were fighting for power, disregarding the well-being of their father. The Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart itself was much too tempting to boot, everyone wanted it for themselves. Although the clan hasn’t been torn down, it’s slowly breaking down from within. As the sole woman within the clan, she didn’t have any authority. The eldest and second eldest were Divine King experts and she had just reached the Heavenly God realm.
“It is said that the Saint Doctor has been travelling outside for several years to break through. Who knows when he will come back? Haih. You don’t need to blame yourself. I know you’re still thinking about Jiang Chen. We’re all in the wrong but we’re also forced to do so. I too shall forever remember the benevolence of Brother Jiang Chen.” Yu Jingfan said as sadness revealed in his eyes.
Nobody wanted to speak further of this matter, especially Yu Jingxian.
“I understand, Third Brother.” Yu Jingxian bit her lips and left.
Yu Jingfan saw that desolate, lonely back of her, he felt saddened by it. This sentimental little sister… when has she been this sad? If it wasn’t for this trip… that cheerful girl wouldn’t become this heartbroken…
“Haih, what is love? Is it only death that could make us apart? But now that the person is gone, everything is different.” Yu Jingfan shook his head as he fell into deep thought.
Dongshan City, Dongpo Clan.
The city was filled with rocks, mountains and statues of wolves and tigers, making it gallant and powerful. In the middle of the city, there’s a conspicuous hundred Zhang statue. It was a long-bearded man that was wielding a long blade, its eyes were powerful and fierce. It was the Old Ancestor of the Dongpo Clan, Dongpo Linjia. It is told that he once killed off countless demonic beasts in the Gui Yan Mountain and the people built his statue for his deeds.
“Brother Wang, everything depends on you.” An old man said while clasping his fist. His eyes were filled with scheme, plots and trickery.
“Haha, Brother Dongpo. There’s no need for such pleasantries between us. Leave this matter to me.”
The old man waved his hand and said while smiling.
“Brother Lingzhi, our Dongpo Clan has shown our utmost sincerity. I hope you’ll be careful.” Another black-robed youngster said with a smile.
“Rest assured, I can’t cure him but is there anything stopping me letting him die? The Yu Clan is not peaceful now too, their situation is extremely unstable, I only need to give one little push and the whole Yu Clan shall be ours.” Wang Lingzhi said confidently.
“The dragon vein is large. Why give the Yu Clan the right to monopolize 40% of it and my Dongpo Clan and Feng Clan could only take 30% each. Now that the Yu Clan has lost its former glory, what gives them the right to still have that monopoly?” Dongpo Tianlan glanced at the Patriarch and the latter smiled without saying a word.
“The Dongpo Clan has been patiently waiting for all these years. You have suffered, Brother Tianchi. This northern region shall be ours after this plan succeeds.” Wang Lingzhi slightly nodded.
Dongpo Tianlan’s expression became serious as he shook hands with Wang Lingzhi.
“Alright, Brother Wang, I shall await your good news. I shall immediately lead my men towards the Bai Yu City once Yu Huagan falls. At that moment, this region shall be ours. Hahaha.”
Wang Lingzhi turned and left. Dongpo Tianlan’s eyes became cold. He can finally show his worth after being suppressed by the Yu Clan for thousands of years. This time, as long Wang Lingzhi manages to ensure Wang Huagan’s death… then there shall be no leader within the Yu Clan. That is our perfect moment to strike and 40% of the dragon vein shall be ours.
“Wang Lingzhi being regarded as the Saint Doctor… looks like it’s just something that was created by others.” Dongpo Tianlan sneered disdainfully towards Wang Lingzhi.
“Greed is the biggest weakness of humans. Nobody could stay true to themselves when there’s absolute gain placed in front of them. Wang Lingzhi is the same too. Although it’s just 20% of the dragon vein, the wealth that he could amass is great. Wang Lingzhi is no fool, he knew what are the pros and cons in this. The Yu Clan is bound to fall with their internal struggle. We’re just following the will of the Heaven to move it further. Everything depends on Wang Lingzhi now.”
Dongpo Tianlan put his arms behind his back and laughed. He has been waiting for this for a thousand years.
Yellow sands were hovering in the air and a desert could be seen towards the horizon, the air was scorching hot since the sun was still high up in the sky.
Jiang Chen passed through that giant desert. He found out about the location of the Yu Clan through the Red-clothed Thirteen House. It was at the Qilian Region’s Northern Border, it was an extremely faraway place.
“Such a violent beast. It’s probably a Mid Divine King.”
Jiang Chen looked afar. There was a Mid Divine King demonic beast wreaking havoc in a small city. It was hell on earth over there as countless people died.
Jiang Chen flew up to the sky and unleashed the Great Void Technique and arrived at the castle wall of the city in a matter of seconds. Corpses were found littering on the ground. The strongest individual was the city lord, but he was just a Half-Step Divine King. Jiang Chen was too late as half of the citizens of the city were massacred by the beast. It was a hundred zhang tall wolf-shaped beast.
A red-armoured beautiful middle-aged woman with her head covered with a white cloth clashed with that beast. She lost every time they clashed and her injuries worsened. However, she did not back down and there was no fear in her eyes. It was like she’s saying that ‘I vow to protect the city with my life!’.
“Even in death, I will never allow you to harm those innocent citizens.” The woman shouted with determination in her eyes.
“Phew… ” Jiang Chen was pretty impressed.
It was not a matter of strength, it was that strong sense of righteousness. These people were not necessarily stupid but maybe another form of life and death fated by the Heavens.
“Fire Qilin, I’ll leave that to you.” Jiang Chen said.
“Alrighty, it’s just a wolf cub, I’ll gulp it down in a single bite.” Fire Qilin smiled.
Although they were on the same level, the wolf beast immediately kneeled and begged for mercy after Fire Qilin unleashed his divine prestige. Qilin immediately leapt towards the sky, although he was several zhang big and was small compared to the wolf beast, the latter was pressured. The wolf’s prestige was suppressed and it was gasping for air.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2690 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2691


Chapter 2691
The Widow of Bai Mo City
“I didn’t realize that you’re here. I was scared.”
The beast that looked like a wolf said in a low voice, looking extremely terrified. More than hundreds of thousands of citizens were absolutely dumbfounded. When Fire Qilin stepped on the void, the wolf-shaped beast immediately surrendered and bowed down before him. The beast dared not to move as it was afraid of defending the Fire Qilin.
“Another beast? We’re really going to die?”
“It seems like this beast has nothing against us.”
“Yes, look at that guy. It’s just unbelievable to see that a hundred feet tall beast is bowing to that flaming red beast and submitted.”
“Does a good beast really exist?”
Countless people were tip toeing; their hearts were filled with nervousness. A simple roar of Fire Qilin could kill thousands of them. An ordinary human like them would never be able to resist a level of destruction as fatal and devastating even to the world. Since the City Lord already perished while protecting them, his wife was left struggling to hold this out. This made the citizens in Bai Mo City cry their eyes out. They were at their death’s door at the moment.
“You killed countless innocent citizens. It is an appalling and unforgivable sin. Is it your true aim of cultivating?”
Fire Qilin fixed his glance at the wolf-shaped beast and said with a ferocious roar. The beast knelt and bowed continuously.
“Please spare my life, I was just carried away by the victory. Please forgive me.”
“Are you telling me to spare your life? How about the thousands of innocent citizens who died, did you let them off? Today, I am going to carry out God’s will and eliminate this devil here.”
Fire Qilin howled furiously while the beast trembled in fear.
“Sir, you made me do this. I will never surrender even if my neck is on the chopping block.”
The wolf-shaped beast clenched its teeth and soared up into the sky. It intended to have a life and death battle with Fire Qilin.
“You’re digging your own grave.”
Fire Qilin sneered and breathed fire. The whole body of the wolf-shaped beast was burned up in just a blink of an eye. The beast’s face was contorted in pain as it trembled violently. Fire Qilin snatched the hundred feet body with both of his claws and threw it out of the city and landed on a mountain a thousands miles away.
“You should die now.”
Fire Qilin took out the heart of the wolf-shaped beast with its claw and killed it instantly.
Jiang Chen then rode on the Fire Qilin and entered the city. Thousands of citizens bowed down before him while shouting Fire Qilin’s name loudly. Everyone shed tears of gratitude, overwhelmed and excited. They thought they would die and never expected to get help from a great master and rescue them.
There was a lady who was encased in armor She stepped forward and got down on one knee. Her hand, which was holding a sword, was shaking violently, her eyes looked sincere and true.
“Thank you for saving our city’s citizens. I am the City Lord’s wife, Bai Yumo. I would like to express my gratitude in the name of all of my citizens.”
“Please get up, it was nothing exemplary. You don’ t have to bow to me, Mrs. City Lord.”
Jiang Chen fixed his glance at the charming Mrs. City Lord. She looked kind of familiar to him.
Bai Yumo took a glance at the Fire Qilin beside Jiang Chen. She could still recognize this saint and robust Qilin Divine Beast. Without absolute power and talent, it was absolutely impossible to make this kind of divine beast submit to him. As this divine beast had a haughty temper, it showed that Jiang Chen was not an ordinary person since he could make the Fire Qilin stay still by his side silently.
Jiang Chen’s face contorted at the moment as he was approaching the Bai Yu City, which was near to the border area of the Qilian Boundary. He did not wish to meet Yu Jingxian at the moment.
“I will never forget your great kindness, our life savior. Our Bai Mo City will definitely build a statue of yours and make it a place of pilgrimage.”
In a dignified voice, Bai Yumo said.
“It’s a pity. Countless innocent people went through such great suffering but they have to overcome mountains of difficulties in rebuilding their homes. It is a wretched life for you, Mrs. City Lord.”
Jiang Chen said.
“My husband protected the city and fought to the death for countless of his citizens. It is a worthy death, I ask no more than that as his wife.”
Bai Yumo’s words sounded majestic and sonorous, she was not talking nonsense. Her strong determination and decision said it all. Otherwise, Jiang Chen would not show great respect to her.
“I am truly impressed with Mrs. City Lord’s righteousness and kindness. I hope that you’ve already calmed down. I have something urgent to deal with and I am heading to the Northeast of Qilian Boundary. Sorry to tell you that I have to go now.”
There was a glimmer of light in Bai Yumo’s eyes.
“Are you heading to the Liaobei Three City?”
“How do you know that?”
Jiang Chen seemed startled.
“The border area of the Qilian Boundary… where the land is vast but also barren. In that place are three main cities formed by three competing families, Feng Family, Yu Family and Dongbo Family. This is just my guess, but since you are moving all the way to the north, your destination is probably one of the cities where my parents live. It is in Yu family. However, I have never gone home for more than hundreds of years. Even when I realized that my father was seriously ill, I haven’t gone home as I am totally tied up with all of these. There are beasts running wild through the hundred thousands of mountains in the western of Bai Mo City. So I dared not treat this easily and I also don’t have time to go home.”
Bai Yumo heaved a deep sigh. She had been thinking about her parents but she had no chance to go home.
“Do you mean Yu Family in the Bai Yu City?”
Jiang Chen was slightly stunned. That was why she looked familiar to him, this woman even had a degree of resemblance to Yu Jingxian.
“The beasts are running wild and acting recklessly. The thousands of citizens will be faced with danger if there is no one who can guard the city.”
Bai Yumo looked dignified and awe-inspiring. Women are never inferior to men, this was what we called a heroine.
Jiang Chen remained silent for a while and went on.
“Alright. I can help you. I’ll cast a formation that no one could break through easily except those who are in the Late Divine King realm. Once the formation is established, I can guarantee that the beasts will not be able to run wild anymore.”
Bai Yumo’s eyes were full of astonishment.
“Master, do you even know how to cast a formation?”
“I know a thing or two about it. But I will need a great amount of High Grade Divine Origin Stones to do so.”
Jiang Chen nodded.
“Well. We promise to scrape together enough Divine Origin Stones for you even if I drained all the energy of the city lord palace.”
Bai Yumo could hardly contain her excitement. If Jiang Chen could ensure the city’s safety and protect the citizens from danger by casting a formation, the problem would be solved once and for all. The Bai Mo City would be harmonious and peaceful afterwards.
Jiang Chen stayed for one day to cast a formation in the city. Even though the formation was incomparable with the Profound Wind Sect’s Great Sect Guardian Formation, it was still exceedingly terrifying and irresistible. At least, he could assure that those beasts and monsters would not be able to ravage through the city anymore.
After Jiang Chen completed the formation, the citizens of the city were moved and they uttered words of gratitude to Jiang Chen for his help. Bai Yumo even bowed before Jiang Chen and a white-clothed energetic young guy also went down on his knee behind her.
“You don’t have to bow to me, Mrs. City Lord.”
Jiang Chen shook his head. The only reason that Jiang Chen lent a hand to her was to show his great admiration and respect for her as he was not a person who used to interfere in other people’s business.
“This is my son, Bai Zhe. I am truly overwhelmed and grateful with what you did for our city. We will never forget your kindness. Bai Zhe, you will be the master of this city. You will be in charge of protecting and guarding the entire city’s safety from now on. Be thankful and appreciate your life savior’s help.
Bai Yumo said in a low voice.
“Thank you for your kindness, our life savior. I will never forget this.”
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2691 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2692


A Strange Thing Is Happening in the Dragon Gate Ridge
Jiang Chen nodded his head. Although he had solved everything here effortlessly, to the entire Bai Mo City and the widow of the city lord who was raising a child alone, confronting the beasts requires great effort.
“Sir, I relinquished all control over the city to my son Bai Zhe now. I am willing to follow you and accompany you all the way to Liaobei.”
Bai Yumo said firmly and without any hesitation.
“I think you have an axe to grind. Are you planning to go home? After all, you haven’t gone home for more than hundreds of years.”
A smile was plastered on Jiang Chen’s face.
“To be honest, that is what I thought, and I wish you could fulfill my desire this time. Bai Mo City is totally fine and it will be alright to give my son a free reign over the city. Since I’m going back to Liaobei, I can lead the way for you as well.”
“Alright.”
Jiang Chen said as he nodded his head. Since she was from the Yu Family, she had the right to enter the Yu Family. Moreover, the journey would be easier by having someone leading him the way.
There were steep and rough mountains, and twisting and narrow roads in the Dragon Gate Ridge. This is where the dragon vein is located in the Liaobei Region.
It was an enormous mountain that was full of Divine Origin Stones. The entire Dragon Gate Ridge belonged to the three great families. The Divine Origin Stones within the mountain range stretched for hundreds of miles and it was divided into three parts. The starting point of these three ranges was the main entrance of the three great families. They were guarded by the respective families. Each part of the range would be divided in advance before mining. Thirty percent of the mountain range belonged to the Feng family and the other thirty percent belonged to the Dongbo Family. Lastly, the Yu Family exclusively owned forty percent since they were the one who discovered the treasure trove a few years ago. Moreover, Yu family had cleaned the place of the beasts living there and several elders of the family were sacrificed in the process. That was the reason they owned forty percent of the mine.
Even though it was a border area and the land in Liaobei was barren, the citizens in this place were not poor as the three great families produced a great amount of Divine Origin Stones.
At the moment, the center region of the Dragon Gate Ridge, which was the entrance of the Yu family’s veins, more than thousands of people were extracting the stones. They were working around the clock.
“They died. Someone died. Everyone is dead……”
“It’s a devil, it must be a devil. I saw it, it is full of blood……”
“I don’t want to die, I don’t want to die!”
“I don’t want it now. I don’t want anything.”
There were dozens of people fleeing to all directions from the mine. They looked frightened and shocked at the same time. It seemed like each of them had experienced death once, their eyes looked dreadful and terrified. They were escaping from the mine desperately, rolling and crawling breathlessly. They’re losing their minds, and their bodies were completely stained with blood.
“What is going on? Why are you guys coming out from the mine? Where did the hundreds of people go?”
Yu Huafan caught someone who escaped and asked in a low voice.
“I don’t know. I don’t want to die……”
The one who crawled from the mine looked scared to death. He struggled to get rid of Yu Huafan and ran away desperately.
Yu Huafan’s countenance fell, wondering what had happened in the mine.
“They are dead, all of them are dead. There are devils inside the mine.”
The leader burst into tears and looked at Yu Huafan. He wished to flee immediately from this place.
“Devil? What actually happened inside the mine?”
Yu Huafan looked confused while everyone was struggling to scatter in all directions. More than a thousand people had been working day and night, it was extremely terrifying to see half of the workers dying and suffering severe injuries in the mine. Most importantly, the situation did not make any sense.
“So hundreds of people are gone?”
Yu Huafan murmured under his breath. There was a shade of anxiety between his eyebrows.
“No, this is a serious affair. I have to inform the family as soon as possible.”
After finding out the ins and outs of the matter, Yu Huafan returned to his family swiftly.
At the same time, not only the Yu Family, the same thing happened to the Feng Family and Dongbo Family. Only a few people escaped from the mine and each of them looked frightened, and their tongues were swollen with terror. No one knew what had happened inside the mine. The three great families were devoured by anxiety after that strange situation, but they were trying to keep this matter a secret.
Everyone assembled in Yu Family’s meeting hall. After realizing that hundreds of people had lost their lives inside the mine, no one dared to find out what had happened in the mine at the moment.
“All of this happened unexpectedly, is it true that something is hiding inside the mine? Could it be the devil who did this? ”
“Devil? Humph. What do you mean by devil? I think someone is hiding ulterior motives.”
Yu Wangnian said in disdain and sneered.
“It is not the time to argue about this. Brothers, this is just unusual. We have to take this matter seriously.”
After witnessing what had happened in the mine, Yu Huafan noticed that everyone looked miserable and full of shock. It sounded unbelievable but it was true that each of the people who had escaped the mine had lost their souls and were now filled with horror even if they got out.
“Haha. Brother, you shouldn’t say that. Do you really think that the elders had never thought of this? Humph.”
Yu Wangnian sneered while Yu Huafan was ghastly pale, remaining silent. The position of his eldest brother and second eldest brother in the family was obviously predominant. So he could only hold back his anger and respond with a sneer.
“Just leave Jingfan to sort this problem out, it should be thoroughly investigated without missing a single detail. It is necessary to make the whole thing clear and the families of those who died about the facts. We must keep them silent. Otherwise, just kill them without mercy!”
The great elder was leaning on a crutch, looking dignified and magnificent.
“Yes. My great elder.”
Yu Jingfan answered sternly, without hesitation.
“Humph. There is no good thing that happens to us. It seems like we are destined to clean up the mess, third elder brother. It is just too annoying.”
Yu Huafan murmured under his breath.
“Shut up, fifth brother. Be aware that the misfortune comes from your mouth.”
Yu Jingxian said in a low voice. She curled up her lips and stared at Yu Huafan.
“My third brother, please investigate this thoroughly and find out the truth as soon as possible.”
Yu Wangqing said with a smile.
“You’re right. Please don’t let our great elder down.”
Yu Wangnian agreed. Since it was not an easy task, it was normal for them to choose to hide at the back. They were unwilling to do such dirty work.
“Our great elder, good news! Good news! ”
The housekeeper of Yu Family said it with excitement.
“What is happening, just tell me slowly.”
The greatest elder said lightly, looking calm and leisurely.
“The genius doctor Mr.Wang Lingzhi has just returned from the Immortal World and he is waiting outside the gates of Bai Yu City.”
Yu Wangqing, Yu Wangnian and several elders were startled. But there was a trace of a smile appearing at the corner of Yu Jingxian’s lips.
“He’s back. Finally he is back.”
Yu Jingxian was full of excitement. She was the first one who rushed out of the meeting hall.
“Hurry up, let’s welcome our genius Doctor Wang at the gate.”
The great elder looked dignified. Finally, a major affair of Yu Family was going to be settled soon.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2692 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2693


Chapter 2693
The Return of the Eldest Daughter
There were three hundred armored warriors standing in front of the Bai Yu City’s gate. The welcome gifts were all ready. The streets were decorated with lanterns and festoons, and the place reverberated with deafening gongs and drums. Everything was well-prepared to greet the genius Saint Doctor, Wang Lingzhi.
“Hahaha. I haven’t seen you for more than ten years, senior. You became more attractive than ever.”
Yu Wangqing said smilingly. In front of the genius and skillful doctor, he could only consider himself as a junior.
Wang Lingzhi touched his beard and said with a slight smile.
“Thanks. More than ten years have passed since I left. I believe the Yu Family have done all the preparations, right?”
“Sure, everything has fallen into place. Senior, please come in. We have already prepared some food and drink for you. We will give a welcome dinner once it’s all ready.”
Yu Wangnian was courteous and attentive to Wang Lingzhi. He went out of his way to welcome the guest.”
“Would you kindly treat my father? His condition is rapidly deteriorating and it is getting hard and excruciating for him.”
Yu Jingxian said in a deep voice, saying with great respect with both hands folded.
“Little Xian, please back off. It’s not your turn to speak. Saint Doctor must be exhausted from a long journey, he should have a good rest for now. Besides, our father’s condition could not be improved in a short time. Stop talking nonsense here.”
Yu Wangqing bawled her out harshly, with an unpleasant glance. Yu Wangnian was standing by his side and gave Yu Jingxian a dirty look.
“Little Xian, please think about the big picture and stand down from this. After having a good rest, I believe the Saint Doctor will treat our father later.”
Yu Wangqing and Yu Wangnian wished that the king, their father, would die soon so that they would get the full authority to control the entire family. By then, the one who could gain the upper hand would be able to sit on the throne of the Yu Family and become the Lord. Thus, they did not wish their father to come back to life at this moment. Compared to the authority and desire, family affection looked impotent and vulnerable.
“But……”
Even though Yu Jingxian’s anger was welling up within her, she was unable to bear the continuous bombardment of his eldest brothers. Meanwhile, since her third brother, Yu Jingfan, was investigating the Dragon Gate Ridge’s mine event, there was no one who dared to stand against both of her elder brothers. Yu Jingxian looked dull and gloomy but she couldn’t change anything.
“I don’t care what you are trying to say. End of discussion.”
Yu Wangqing sneered and followed Wang Lingzhi into Bai Yu City slowly.
“Oh, looking at the big ceremony. Did the Yu Family expect me to come back today and welcome me purposely with this?”
Bai Yumo burst into laughter. A precious bright smile was plastered all over her face. She had mixed feelings like people travelling overseas who returned home after a long time.
However, the gate closed silently after she finished her words.
Bai Yumo smiled awkwardly, and Jiang Chen smiled back at the same time. She was half-right. It was true that the Yu Family was welcoming someone, but she was not the person they were waiting for.
“It seems like you’re just thinking too much about it. Haha.”
Jiang Chen said. However, Bai Yumo did not feel embarrassed as she was just joking around. No one had heard the news of her returning after all.
Bai Yumo crouched down slowly and heaved a deep breath. She twiddled the sand on the ground, all sorts of feeling welled up in her mind.
“The sand in my hometown is way more precious than thousands of golds in a strange country.
Perhaps this kind of emotion was so-called homesickness.
“May I know what brings you here……”
“Sorry, I’m afraid that I can’t tell you.”
Jiang Chen sternly declared, looking completely serious. Bai Yumo dared not to speak recklessly again as she was clear about Jiang Chen’s strength. He could arouse a storm in Bai Yu City and make the world go up in flames just by summoning the Fire Qilin. Jiang Chen was not an ordinary person.
However, Bai Yumo knew that Jiang Chen was kind and good-natured. Otherwise, he would never waste his energy to cast a Great City Guardian Formation in the Bai Mo City.
“Please forgive me, sir. I’m just being too rude.”
Bai Yumo hastened to explain about it. She was in awe of Jiang Chen after all.
Jiang Chen nodded. Both of them then headed to Bai Yu City.
It was a flourishing city where the citizens could live and work peacefully. Their faces were filled with great satisfaction and happiness.
The moment Bai Yumo stood in front of the gate of her house, she was intercepted by the young gatekeepers.
“How dare you enter Yu’s house without permission? Get out of here. Or else, don’t blame us for being impolite.”
The leading gatekeeper shouted harshly at Jiang Chen and Bai Yumo.
“How dare you?”
Bai Yumo wore a frown, sneered and warned the guards sternly. Everyone looked gloomy. Jiang Chen watched this silently as this was her family affair and he was not interested in intervening in the issue. Besides, Bai Yumo could definitely deal with these gatekeepers with ease.
“This person is going to barge in, someone for help now.”
The gatekeepers were confronting a great opponent. They were trembling with fear and lost their will to fight completely after hearing Bai Yumo shouting at them.
“It has been a hundred years since I left home. But I can’t even enter my house now.”
Bai Yumo heaved a deep sigh. Everything had changed. The gatekeepers that used to guard the gate were either dead or dying. How was it possible to see them standing in front of Yu’s house gate?
At that time, ten disciples were taken by the housekeeper of Yu’s house and heaved out of the door. The moment he saw Bai Yumo, he got a nasty shock.
“Miss……Miss Yu? Are you?”
The housekeeper nearly collapsed.
“Who can it be? I’m away for just a hundred years but everyone has already forgotten about me. No one was able to recognize me now. Aren’t you Little Six? On my wedding day, you were just tall enough to reach my knee. Haha.”
Bai Yumo wore a bright and delighted smile. She sighed with regret after seeing someone who looked familiar.
“No, I have never forgotten about you. Miss Yu had never discriminated against me when I was still a kid. I will never forget your kindness.”
The housekeeper was now an elderly man. But he looked like a child with teary eyes when he met Bai Yumo again, even his lips were trembling.
Everyone was roused, falling to their knees rapidly and remaining silent.
“Alright, Little Six. Just take me to see my little brothers and sisters.”
Bai Yumo said in a low voice. At the moment, his father was ill and bed ridden while two of her younger brothers had grabbed the rope of the family affairs. She was determined to come back home, but she was tied up by the crisis of Bai Mo City and she did not have a chance to get out at all.
“Please treat this sir with great formality. Sir, please come in.”
Bai Yumo was talking with Jiang Chen.”
“I am just a normal person, there’s no need to stand ceremoniously.”
Jiang Chen shook his head and gave a slight smile.
“If you say so, I won’t put you on the spot. Little Six, lead the guest to the best guest room. I’ll visit you later, sir.
Bai Yumo finished her words, then headed directly to her father’s room.
The main hall was bustling with noise and excitement but Bai Yumo did not even care about it. What she truly cared about was her father. Her only concern was her father’s safety and health.
On the contrary, her father’s bedroom was relatively silent compared to the bustling main hall. Bai Yumo was startled when she saw a shadow kneeling before her father’s bed. The person was Yu Jingxian.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2693 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2694


Soul Leaving Curse
“Little Xian!”
Bai Yumo exclaimed in a low voice.
Yu Jingxian’s whole body was trembling violently and her face turned gloomy. The moment that she turned, she could hardly believe her eyes. The person who stood in front of her was her elder sister, Yumo. Since she was married to Bai Mo City’s Bai Family, she changed her name to Bai Yumo.
“My elder sister, is this really you?”
Yu Jingxian sounded shaky. Grievance and sorrowfulness poured out from her heart instantly. She burst into tears upon seeing the familiar face.
“It has been a hundred years since we last met, you look totally different now Little Xian.”
Bai Yumo spread her arms out and Yu Jingxian buried herself in her sister’s arms instantly. The deep affection between the sisters was indescribable. Bai Yumo had noticed that Yu Jingxian looked extremely lean and pale at the moment. Her eyes were filled with anxiety and mixed emotions, resentment and suffering.
The two sisters cried and exchanged a hug. Even Bai Yumo had little control over her emotions.
“How is father’s condition now?”
Bai Yumo was extremely worried and looked at her father who laid on the bed. He was unconscious and exceedingly weak but he was still breathing.
“Our father has suffered for more than hundreds of years, lying on the bed all the time. Third and fifth eldest brother and I obtained the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart in the Tian Qi Mountain Range as Genius Saint Doctor Wang Lingzhi told us that our father will survive the illness if we could get it. It is urgent to change our father’s heart with the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart. Our father was fading away at the moment.”
Yu Jingxian said with a gloomy face.
“Does it really work, the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart?” Bai Yumo asked.
“The Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart grows from the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine, only one can be obtained in thousands of years. It has a very great vitality so I guess it’ll work.” Yu Jingxian said.
“So the ceremony in front of the city’s gate today was to welcome Wang Lingzhi?”
Bai Yumo went on.
“That’s right.”
“Why didn’t he come and treat our father?”
Bai Yumo knitted her brows.
“The eldest and second eldest brother insisted on preparing him a welcome dinner. So Wang Lingzhi could only treat our father tomorrow after taking a bath.”
“Turning their back upon their father, the unnecessary formalities and ceremonies are really troublesome. Both of them are getting useless now, they got me so pissed off.”
Bai Yumo clenched her teeth but she was helpless to change the situation. Since she was married, she was not considered as a family member anymore. But their father was critically ill, it was their responsibility to keep the order and settle the family’s affairs as the elders. Even though she knew that they acted improperly, she could not make any comment about it.
“The personalities of both the eldest and second eldest brother have changed a lot. Since the day our father came down with illness, they have been struggling for authority and power. And they even expect the death of our father so that they can hold the family in their hand and become the master of the family.”
Yu Jingxian’s eyes were brimming with tears. She could only reveal her weakness in front of her sister and she could only tell this to her sister. If someone heard this, they would probably criticize her for the improper behavior and disrespect to the elders.
“Are you sure about this?”
Bai Yumo was full of rage. It seemed like the ancient glory of Yu Family no longer existed, the harmony and peace was merely a false image.
“How dare I lie to you? And they are my elder brothers, why should I hurt them with this kind of malicious slander?
Bai Yumo realized the resentment in Yu Jingxian’s eyes. There must be a reason why she chose to speak out for this.
“Third brother used to be the most composed one, where did he go?”
“Third eldest brother was sent to Dragon Gate Ridge recently. Something strange happened in the mine so he was assigned to have a thorough investigation into the event. This is also the demand of the elders as they are afraid that the third eldest brother will argue over this. Besides, most of the elders are taking orders from the eldest and second eldest brother at the moment. Thus, there is nothing the third eldest brother can rely on, but he doesn’t care about it. That is why he is blackballed by the elders.”
Although Yu Jingxian said nothing about it previously, she knew that well.
“Oh, for crying out loud! Since I am back, I will never allow our family to stay in a state of disarray. Besides, our father is still alive.”
Bai Yumo got up suddenly, looking cold and awe-inspiring. Since she was married to the Bai Family, she had been overcoming all sorts of obstacles and experienced different hardships. And she would never be affected or be constrained by the world’s opinion. She’s tough, and courageous characters were trained in the battlefield. The blood and battle had strengthened her mind and filled her with the overberance and dignity as a warrior.
“You just stay here and look after our father. I will go and meet the black sheeps of the family. Let’s find out how they treat our father.”
Bai Yumo turned away, looking cold and gloomy.
The moons shone brightly and the moonlight was wonderful.
Jiang Chen was standing in the courtyard. He could feel Yu Jingxian’s grievances, sorrows and anxiety. He felt bitter and uncomfortable. Even though she betrayed him and left with the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart, he could not forget about her. But it was hard for him to pretend and act like nothing happened.
It sounded unreasonable to call this love but he was like a dumb man eating bitter herbs, he had to suffer in silence. He could not bear to see her suffer the pain. All of her actions and smiles remained in Jiang Chen’s heart, he just could not get her out of his mind. Perhaps it was so-called an ill-fated relationship. It was full of love and hate, regrets and farewell.
The reason Jiang Chen changed his appearance was to hide himself from Yu Jingxian. Otherwise, this would land both of them in great difficulties and awkward situations. It would make her feel lonely, helpless and ashamed.
Jiang Chen narrowed his eyes and swept over Yu Family with his Divine Soul. When he saw Yu Jiangxian’s father, Yu Huaqian, he was forced to stop by a formidable strength of soul.
Jiang Chen took three steps back until he was able to stand steadily. There was a shade of solemn aura between his eyebrows.
“It’s such a terrifying strength of soul. I guess someone casted the Soul Leaving Curse on him and I can feel that his soul is nearly exhausted.”
Jiang Chen thought. Yu Jingxian was walking out from her father’s room at the moment, and was startled after hearing Jiang Chen’s footsteps just now.
“Who is there?”
Yu Jingxian fixed his glance on Jiang Chen. Her eyes were glimmering with light, feeling strange.
“I just followed your eldest sister, Bai Yumo here.”
Jiang Chen stared at Yu Jingxian. At the moment, Jiang Chen didn’t hold a grudge against her. Although she left him in the past, he did not blame her for doing that. Now, he had finally found out the reason why she wished to get the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart desperately. She was just trying to save her father.
Jiang Chen wished to hate her but he failed to do so. The reason that she felt miserable and sorrowful was because of the entanglement in her heart. Jiang Chen knew it well but he was unwilling to mention it. It would be better to act like a stranger as it made him feel at ease.
Yu Jingxian chose not to compromise in front of the person she loved. Hence, she pushed the man she loved into the gulf of darkness at that time, she had vowed to save her father after all. They were not connected with each other but she spent her day with conflicting emotions and guilt.
“You look like one of my friends.”
Yu Jingxian was stunned for a while and said in a low voice.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2694 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2695


A Tiger-Shaped Beast With a Body of Iron
“Since you’re my sister’s friend, just help yourself. I am sorry.”
“Alright.”
Jiang Chen fell silent. Just by looking at her charming appearance, she showed a kind of kindness and tenderness like a young lady. Jiang Chen felt nervous and pained without reason.
Both of them turned away together. When Jiang Chen was about to leave, Yu Jingxian looked back slowly. There was a shade of bitterness and melancholy in her heart.
There was a lonely shadow under the bright moonlight. The shadow of the moonlight was like the water while the pines and cypresses were like the waves.
“Jiang Chen, I promise to go after you when my father is fully recovered. My heart will never change, till death part us.”
While Jiang Chen was full of curiosity and doubts about the Soul Leaving Curse. It seemed like there was a terrifying soul in that body. Once the soul exploded, it would definitely arouse a great storm. By the time, Yu Jingxian’s father would no longer exist as the soul would occupy his body with the Soul Leaving Curse. It sounded exceedingly dreadful and terrifying.
Jiang Chen had been repulsed by the curse even though he had Hierarch realm Divine Soul. Just imagine how terrifying the Soul Leaving Curse was, especially the soul that hid behind it.
“It seems like Yu Family is not as peaceful as I expected.”
Jiang Chen could not help but shake his head. He raised his head and glanced at the sky in the west. A kind of dreadful aura soared into the sky and it gave Jiang Chen a nasty shock. Even he, himself, felt astonished and trembled, apparently the aura was extremely terrifying. It was like a devil or demon which was truly strange and mysterious.
“It seems like I underestimated this barren land. It is indeed true that there are always ghosts and monsters in barren and desolate lands.”
Jiang Chen transformed into a beam of light, leapt up to the sky and rushed directly to the west.
There were more than a hundred people surrounding the mine in Dragon Gate Ridge. Everyone looked ghastly pale and fell silent after the shock. Even Yu Jingfan felt the same. When he and ten Heavenly God experts tried to enter the mine, they had confronted an unprecedentedly strong and horrifying soul. It was probably the most miserable and unforgettable memory in his entire life. Yu Jingfan’s heart was filled with astonishment while the experts following him were severely wounded and their orifices were bleeding. Three of them died miserably.
The scene looked like the battle in the ancient time, dead and bloody bodies were everywhere. Human lives seemed like dust and ashes, the beasts were running wild while the demons were rampaging furiously. Flying beasts blotted out the sky and covered the sun, swallowing humans and beasts insanely.
“Get out of here!”
That was the first sentence Yu Jingfan said and it had made everyone flee in all directions.
“Please save me, third young master!”
A Heavenly God uttered a piercing scream. Unfortunately, a tiger-shaped beast attacked his shoulder at this moment. The beast was all skin and bones with dark skin, and had no hair. It had a pair of red eyes which made everyone tremble in fear.
The tiger-shaped beast had a long and thin jaw with sharp teeth. It was approximately ten feet long. The moment he turned, the Early Heavenly God was already engulfed by the beast. Yu Jingfan heaved a deep breath and his face contorted in anger.
“Devil, let’s see what you are.”
Although Yu Jingfan was shocked, he was still able to remain calm. If he continued to be confused and hesitated, everyone in the Dragon Gate Ridge would have to flee for their lives.
Yu Jingfan knew nothing about this tiger-shaped beast, but it had sacred the remaining six people out of their wits after witnessing its ferocity and violence. Yu Jingfan rushed to the front and sent out a powerful blow. However, the beast was fearless, roaring wildly before rushing forward. It was fighting with Yu Jingfan, while Yu Jingfan looked tense, he dared not to treat it lightly.
The tiger-shaped beast was fighting desperately and recklessly. But Yu Jingfan was different as he was like a lump of clay after all. Although his strength had reached the Half-step Divine King Realm, he was forced to step back miserably.
“It is such a terrifying beast. What kind of beast is this? I have never heard of it.”
Yu Jingfan stepped back continuously, he was driven to the wall at this moment. It seemed like the tiger-shaped beast had a body of iron and steel which made Yu Jingfan feel helpless. He was struggling to kill it, he felt like beating on a body of steel even though he had hit it on its neck. The counterforce was exceedingly strong and terrifying which made Yu Jingfan suffer indescribable pain.
Yu Jingfan struck out continuously but he was defeated by its extraordinarily formidable strength. Even he did not know how strong this beast was, but everything was clear now that he was utterly defeated.
The six remaining experts were distracted for a while but caught up with Yu Jingfan instantly. Although they had not reached the Divine King Realm yet, they were the strongest experts of Yu Family. How could they stay still with their arms folded when their young master was in danger?
The six Heavenly Gods joined the battle immediately. However, Yu Jingfan had never expected that these six experts could not even constrain the beast. All of them were badly defeated. It was unbelievable that these Heavenly God Realm experts’s attacks seemed harmless to the tiger-shaped beast
Apparently, the beast was just unbeatable!
“We can hardly break its defense, young master.”
“We will be defeated soon.”
“Young master, please do something about it.”
The Six Heavenly Gods dared not to take things easily. But one of the expert’s legs was bit off by the tiger-shaped beast. It left no trace on his body when he was cut and sparks were emitted with ear-splitting noise.
Yu Jingfan could not do anything about it but he couldn’t just leave. However, countless people would be sacrificed if the beast went wild.
“Roar!”
The tiger-shaped beast gnashed its teeth with a roar. It fell from the sky and tore two of the experts to pieces with its sharp claws and teeth. Those miners were trembling in fear, looking ghastly pale.
Yu Jingfan was bound to fight to the death. His Divine Sword was chipped in a few places after being attacked by the beast. He was confronting a difficult situation.
“Damn it.”
Yu Jingfan roared furiously and sent another powerful blow. It would be an irresistibly mighty blow when a Half-step Divine King Realm struck out with all his strength.
Yu Jingfan collided with the tiger-shaped beast intensely. He could feel that his whole body was nearly smashed to pieces. The beast did not step back but had rushed forward, instead. The remaining Heavenly God Realm experts were all killed in a blink of an eye. It was standing beyond Yu Jingfan instantly, he could hardly breathe at this moment.
“Pu……”
The tiger-shaped beast puffed out some gas and burst towards Yu Jingfan. Yu Jingfan’s face contorted, and tried to get out of the way but it was just too late.
“Is it the Soul Leaving Curse?”
Jiang Chen was watching this in the distance, filled with astonishment. He wore a frown and looked extremely dignified. It seemed like Yu Jingfan and the rest was utterly constrained by the tiger-shaped beast. The seven of them could hardly resist its strong blow, and Yu Jingfan was eventually defeated by the vitiated air.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2695 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2696


Chapter 2696
Under the Mine Pit
Yu Jingfan became serious, he felt that he got hit. The moment the Soul Leaving Curse was planted, he felt that the world was turning and twisting around, his mental capabilities went down the drain.
The remaining six Heavenly God experts died and he too was in great danger. Yu Jingfan felt regret as he didn’t even know what or who his opponents were. What was inside this mine pit?
“Scram!”
At this moment, Jiang Chen was forced to act. He unleashed his powerful, destructive soul energy and forced the Soul Leaving Curse out of Yu Jingfan’s body. A purple light flew out from his head and was swallowed by the tiger-shaped demonic beast. The beast growled, displaying its anger but Jiang Chen had already put Yu Jingfan beside him.
Yu Jingfan’s expression changed. Everything was drained from his body but luckily the damage wasn’t that great. Fortunately, the Soul Leaving Curse has not spread within his body, otherwise, not even Jiang Chen could push it out from his body that easily.
Yu Jingfan was sweating profusely as there wasn’t an ounce of energy left within him. He forced himself to stay awake with sheer willpower as he watched Jiang Chen’s back.
“Many… many thanks to your assistance, friend.”
“What the hell is this?” Jiang Chen asked quietly.
Jiang Chen and the tiger-shaped demonic beast stared at each other. The latter could feel the strength of the former’s soul and became extremely vigilant.
“No idea. This fella came from the lower levels of our clan’s mine. I do not have the strength to overpower it, it’s probably at the Divine King Realm.” Yu Jingfan said while gasping for breath.
“Something that came out from the mine pit?” Jiang Chen frowned.
Is there something else inside this mine?
*Roar*
At this moment, the tiger-shaped demonic beast lost its patience and rushed towards Jiang Chen.
Jiang Chen clashed with the demonic beast with his bare fists. His body could even take on a Heavenly Divine Tool without suffering any injury, he could even take on a strike from an Origin Divine Tool with the help of the Dragon Transformation Art and Heavenly Dragon Battle Armour. His pure physical strength was much more powerful than your average Divine King realm expert. He and the beast were caught in a terrifying melee. Yu Jingfan’s expression changed, disbelief, shock. He’s so strong?!
The tiger-shaped demonic beast’s attack could easily shatter a mountain. He dared not to take it head-on. However, Jiang Chen could go toe-to-toe against it, even overpowering it. The sound of bones cracking could be heard from the tiger-shaped demonic beast’s body, it was clear and crisp. Jiang Chen had overpowered the beast with his pure fist alone.
The tiger-shaped demonic beast looked ferocious but when it came to Jiang Chen, it’s just your average small fry. Its bones couldn’t withstand Jiang Chen’s pounding and were shattered into pieces. However, it still pounced towards Jiang Chen without pausing, the reddish glow within its eyes glimmered, it looked like it did not fear death.
“A puppet-like being, it only has a shattered soul. You must be a Hierarch when you’re alive. Now you’re just a broken being without control, what do I need to be afraid of?” Jiang Chen sneered.
Although its body was in tatters it still continued to pounce upon its enemy, disregarding the threat of death.
“Die.”
Jiang Chen crossed his arms and grabbed the tiger-shaped demonic beast’s body. He then proceeded to tear the beast apart, separating its skin, showing its bloodless and meatless body with shattered bones.
Yu Jingfan was stunned by this scene. This youngster… wow… to tear the tiger-shaped demonic beast with his bare hands. He could only evade and hide and try to survive under the onslaught of the beast yet this youngster was able to kill it with his bare hands, a true warrior.
“Sir, you are truly godly!” Yu Jingfan said sincerely.
The trouble of this tiger-shaped demonic beast was finally over. Dragon Gate Ridge’s peace is restored.
“No trouble at all.” Jiang Chen shook his head and replied.
Yu Jingfan didn’t know who he was and he did not plan to reveal himself.
“Why did sir suddenly come to this place?”
Although Jiang Chen saved Yu Jingfan, this was his clan’s dragon vein. The Divine Origin Stone mine was all in this place. Yu Jingfan had to be wary.
“I came with Bai Yumo and am currently temporarily residing in the Yu Estate. I quickly came here when I saw something was amiss through the stars.” Jiang Chen said indifferently.
“What? Eldest Sister is back? Hahaha, that’s great! She’s finally back, it’s been hundreds of years.” Yu Jingfan’s eyes were excited and happy.
“I thank Sir’s benevolence. Since you’re the friend of my Eldest Sister, then, you’re naturally our Yu Clan’s VIP guest. I am Yu Jingfan, I am truly grateful for your help.”
Yu Jingfan was happy and excited after hearing that Bai Yumo has returned.
“I’ll lead you back to the Yu Estate.” Jiang Chen said.
Yu Jingfan was extremely weakened. With all his energy drained, it would be tough for him to return home. Everyone scattered from the mine. The ten Heavenly God experts who got killed was a great loss for the Yu Clan. The clan only had around one hundred Heavenly God experts, to lose 10 percent of their manpower in a single expedition. Yu Jingfan felt disheartened by this.
“Thank you, sir.” Yu Jingfan smiled awkwardly and nodded.
The instant Jiang Chen and Yu Jingfan were about to leave. Jiang Chen suddenly looked back at the deep mine, he felt a terrifying tremor. Looks like this tiger-shaped demonic beast is not the only thing in there…
Jiang Chen did not believe it. Because the Soul Leaving Curse that was placed upon the Patriarch Yu Huagan’s body.
In that deep and dark mine, Jiang Chen saw tens… hundreds… thousands… of tiger-shaped demonic beasts…
Yu Jingfan’s heart skipped a beat.
Yu Jingfan and the others would probably be frightened if I told them. Jiang Chen was intrigued by this mine pit, what’s down there? He’ll surely come back to explore it!
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2696 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2697


Chapter 2697
Evil Scheme Success
On the next day, the two brothers, Yu Wangnian and Yu Wangqing, planned to hold a great feast for Bai Yumo’s return. However, the latter sternly refused as she was worried about her father’s health. She could accept anything as long as her father could be cured.
Yu Wangnian and Yu Wangqing were severely impacted due to Bai Yumo’s return. As they couldn’t act unscrupulously as they did before. Although Bai Yumo had been married off and left for Bai Yu City. She was still the eldest and shall be regarded as the mother of the family when no parents are around. Her position was one that Wangnian and Wangqing were afraid of.
Bai Yumo did not reprimand them too heavily as their father’s health was their priority. As long as father can stand up and take control of the clan again, a person who has married off like me will not need to push around others in this family. Everyone is probably hoping for father to recover except for Wangqing and Wangnian.
The Saint Doctor Wang Lingzhi was a famous figure in the Northern Qilian Region. Plus he said that he could save their father if the Cloud Ancient Vine Heart was found.
Currently, in front of Yu Huagan’s bed, several people were standing. Yu Wangnian, Yu Wangqing, Yu Jingxian, Yu Jingfan, Bai Yumo and Saint Doctor Wang Lingzhi.
“I shall take a look at Brother Yu, and see how he is faring… oh right, is the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart prepared?” Wang Lingzhi asked.
“It’s prepared. I hope Senior Saint Doctor is able to save my father. This little one is willing to work for you forever.” Yu Jingxian said while gritting her teeth as she handed over the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart to Wang Lingzhi.
Wang Lingzhi took in a deep breath and his expression became solemn and his heart was hit by a wave of emotion. The Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart, that could stir countless men. Its life energy was apparent. Especially towards people like him who has been practising the art of medicine for so long.
“Good! Good! This is it! Although I have never actually seen it before, I’ve read it in an ancient text, this is the true Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart!”
Wang Lingzhi’s arms were somewhat shaking when he received the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart. He was at the Peak of Early Divine King Realm, he could easily reach the Late Divine King Realm with this treasure. Moreover, as the Saint Doctor, he could definitely exert the maximum effect of the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart.
Wang Lingzhi licked his dried lips, his eyes were filled with envy but his expression was unfazed.
“With this Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart… your esteemed father will certainly be cured! However, there is a chance that it may fail, I have to be honest… I can’t do anything if there’s any mishaps or accidents. There is no certainty in these situations. I will only do my very best to save the patient, everything else will depend on his own luck.” Wang Lingzhi said with a solemn expression.
“Rest assured. Senior Saint Doctor, us Yu Clan will not simply cause trouble to others. It’s probably fate if anything bad happens. We’re willing to trust you.” Yu Wangqing said.
Although he looked like he was being courteous, deep within his heart, he hoped that Wang Lingzhi would make a mistake and cause his father to die. Then, the stage will finally be opened for him to perform. Without his father being dead, he couldn’t ascend the throne…
“Yeah. Senior Saint Doctor, please try your best, no matter the result, our Yu Clan will not complain.”
Yu Wangnian and Yu Wangqing had never been that cooperative for so long. These brothers have been fighting for power and authority for so long just to become the head of the Yu Clan.
Bai Yumo frowned. The words these two fellas used were definitely disturbing… as if they want father to fall into eternal slumber… She was definitely pissed but she could only wait and observe, putting her hope upon Wang Lingzhi.
“Very well then, this one shall commence the operation, please, leave this room.” Wang Lingzhi said.
Everyone followed Wang Lingzhi’s instructions and left the room. They anxiously waited outside the room.
“Do you think the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart could save father?” Yu Wangnian asked quietly.
“It should be alright since we’re talking about the Saint Doctor over here. He’s pretty famous around this area.” Yu Jingfan said as he prayed that his father would awaken soon.
Then, their little sister’s effort on bringing back the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart would not be wasted.
“Father will be alright.” Yu Jingxian clenched her teeth and said, hoping, praying that their father will wake up.
Bai Yumo hugged this little sister tight within her arms with tears around her eyes. Nobody wanted to speak another word as they silently waited.
Jiang Chen stood at the corner while sensing the aura of the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart. He almost wanted to rob it and run away in a single instance and nobody could catch him. But the Yu Clan would certainly fall into a state of disarray. He couldn’t bear to see Yu Jingxian fall as well. Plus, he could possibly save her father, because the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart was not the only way.
However, Jiang Chen was prepared, he would not wait any longer if Wang Lingzhi put the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart into Yu Huagan’s body.
Jiang Chen caught a glimpse of Wang Lingzhi’s cunning eyes. His soul energy had covered the whole of Yu Estate and Wang Lingzhi’s actions were well within his senses.
“Hehe, you’ll have to depend on your luck now Brother Yu. This fake Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart is made from a third-grade revitalising pill. Please, do endure a little… Your energy is all dried up and your soul energy is like a flickering candle. You’re like a living dead. I’ll use your dying body to obtain this Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart, it’s pretty reasonable right?”
Wang Lingzhi turned his palm and a third-grade replenishing pill that was like the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart appeared on his palm, attempting to swap it to the original.
Although the pill’s effect couldn’t be compared against the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart, it was still an Immortal Grade pill, the life energy it had was vast too. However, it was useless to use it on Yu Huagan even if all those life energies were spent.
“Hmph, there really IS a scheme in play here.” Jiang Chen thought as he clearly saw what Wang Lingzhi had done.
Wang Lingzhi purposely poured a great amount of divine origin energy into Yu Huagan’s body, causing the patient’s body to be extremely weakened. His lips curved up as he hid the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2697 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2698


Chapter 2698
Concentrate on Running Away
“Haih, Brother Yu, I’ve done my best. I, Wang Lingzhi, have saved countless men in my whole life, yet I couldn’t save you. This Wang Lingzhi is ashamed!” Wang Lingzhi shouted with a pale expression.
Everyone’s heart sank, except Yu Wangnian and Yu Wangqing who glanced at each other with eyes filled with extreme fighting spirit.
“Father! Father!” Yu Jingxian was the first to rush into the room.
She saw Wang Lingzhi sitting on the chair as he kept shaking his head with a pale expression, looking extremely weak. It looked like he spent a great deal of energy. The life energy of the ‘Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart’ was incredibly weak too.
Whereas their father, Yu Huagan, was still lying on the bed without any signs of improvement.
“How can this be?! Didn’t you say that the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart could save father?”
Yu Jingxian’s expression became pale as her mental fatigue reached its peak, she then knelt before her father’s bed. Bai Yumo and Yu Jingfan’s expression were gloomy too as they held in their tears.
“How did this happen? Senior Saint Doctor, is there no hope? The Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart’s life energy is immense, couldn’t it save my father?” Yu Wangnian asked with a saddened face.
“Although the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart’s life energy is strong, it’s still useless… I did my very best but Brother Yu’s condition is far too severe. His flickering soul is almost gone, his body is at its weakest point. It’s pointless to prolong his life with the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart. Perhaps he could be saved if the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart had arrived earlier. But now… haih… I am ashamed… ” Wang Lingzhi was sighing on the surface, but deep down, he was extremely happy.
These two sons of Yu Huagan don’t really care whether their father wakes up or not, they must be wishing that their father would never recover. Otherwise, their path to power would be blocked. From the looks of it, these two fellas must be as happy as I am.
“Senior Saint Doctor is a great person, this junior is in awe. Senior has spent a great deal of energy and there’s nothing more we can do, we will never blame you. Everything has its own course under the heavens. Perhaps, this is our Yu Clan’s fate.” Yu Wangqing said with eyes filled with sadness. However, deep within his heart, he was already preparing on what he should do to contend against Yu Wangnian.
“Sigh, everything happened too quickly. Brother Yu is my good friend, but now everything is different. I too am saddened by this… Brother Yu do not have much time left. He will fall into eternal slumber in three years.” Wang Lingzhi kept shaking his head with pain and pity written all over his face.
Everyone would think he’s a sentimental guy if they see him now.
Jiang Chen quietly sneered. Looks like this fella is trying to run away.
“This old man is extremely tired after expending a great deal of energy. I do not have the face to face Brother Yu anymore, I shall take my leave now.” Wang Lingzhi said while covering his face.
“Senior Saint Doctor has done his best for my father, why not take a rest in our estate for a few days before leaving?” Yu Wangnian said.
“It’s fine, it’s okay. I am extremely sad. This is not just a stain on my thousand years of treating patients. I am also ashamed of facing everyone from the Yu Clan as I was treated extremely well. I couldn’t bear seeing Brother Yu lying so weak in his bed. I wouldn’t have taken those ten years to travel, to search for a cure for my brother! I am more saddened from Brother Yu’s condition.” Wang Lingzhi said, his eyes becoming slightly reddish.
This made the people of the Yu Clan feel moved and respect towards this doctor.
“Senior Saint Doctor, you’re free to do what you want, we know how the situation is. We will not blame you.” Bai Yumo looked downwards and said.
Everyone was focused on Yu Huagan, nobody noticed that Wang Lingzhi was smirking when he turned his back.
Wang Lingzhi ran out from Bai Yu City while happily humming with the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart. He wasn’t stupid enough to go back to the Dongpo Clan. They would certainly gang up on him. He had to look for a place to hide and absorb the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart, that was the most important thing for him to do right now.
Wang Lingzhi had run far away from the Yu Clan after crossing over a red mountain cliff. He only needed two months to absorb the energy from the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart. Then, he’ll be able to reach the Peak Mid Diving King Realm without issue. To completely absorb it and reach the Late Divine King Realm would require at least 8 – 10 years…
He couldn’t wait that long, but that two months time would allow him to be strong enough to negotiate with the Dongpo Clan. Otherwise, why would the other party give him what he wants without actual strength? Wang Lingzhi wasn’t a fool, he knew he would become a slave of the Dongpo Clan later on. There’s nothing one can do without enough strength in this world.
“I am godd*mn smart. Bunch of fools, all of you shall work for me once I’ve reached a greater height!” Wang Lingzhi sneered as his eyes shone brightly.
He’s not content by just being a great doctor in this region. He wanted to become a major power. Now that the three clans were busy fighting each other, this was the start for him to build his own influence and territory.
“You look pretty happy, to think the famous Saint Doctor of Liao Bei is such a despicable man. You tried to swap the real Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart with a fake one without anyone knowing. Interesting.” Jiang Chen looked down towards Wang Lingzhi from the cliff with a smile.
Wang Lingzhi’s expression changed drastically. Who is this fella? Is he from the Yu clan? Why couldn’t I recognise him? How did he know that I swapped the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart?
“Who are you? Sir, I don’t think I’ve offended you before. Why are you following me?” Wang Lingzhi said, acting calm on the surface.
He did not know who Jiang Chen was and where he came from. Plus, he used a great amount of divine origin energy earlier. Looks like I have to quickly take some replenishing pills, damn this fella.
“I want your Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart.” Jiang Chen said without cutting any corners.
“Hahaha, hilarious. What gives you the right to say that I stole the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart from the Yu clan? I do not know what you’re talking about.” Wang Lingzhi said disdainfully towards Jiang Chen as he wasn’t even a Divine King. Pretty ballsy lad.
“Are you sure? I never wanted to act but you are forcing me. Welp, time to move my body.” Jiang Chen sighed.
He was dead set on getting the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart. There’s no harm for him in killing this fella.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2698 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2699


Chapter 2699
Helping Others
“Foolish lad! You’re not even a Divine King yet you wanna fight me? Haha. The Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart is not something you can touch!” Wang Lingzhi said disdainfully towards Jiang Chen.
“Well then, let our fist do the talking.” Jiang Chen shrugged as he moved forward steadily.
“Boy, you’ve chosen the wrong opponent. I’ll kill you to vent my anger. Hmph”
Wang Lingzhi did not hold back as he clashed with Jiang Chen.
Jiang Chen’s attack was like a storming rain. Wang Lingzhi’s expression instantly changed. He did not expect Jiang Chen to be so strong. Not even a Peak Early Divine King like him could withstand that barrage.
Jiang Chen was unparalleled and unstoppable. Wang Lingzhi could not withstand that mighty and unstoppable force, and he was forced to defend and retreat.
“Boy, how are you so strong?” Wang Lingzhi said nervously.
Jiang Chen then closed-in swiftly and overpowered Wang Lingzhi with absolute strength. The latter lost the dignity of a Divine King. This was his first time seeing and experiencing such a humiliation, a Half-Step Divine King overpowering a Divine King. Not even those famous and powerful sect disciples could do such a thing.
“Boy, who are you?!” Wang Lingzhi’s expression became pale after receiving several palm strikes from Jiang Chen.
His bones were on the verge of breaking, he couldn’t fight back and he would certainly die if this continued.
“I can give you the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart but please let me go. I have done nothing wrong to you. It shouldn’t be too hard, right?”
Wang Lingzhi knew there’s nothing to gain if he continued, and he may certainly die here. However, he’s also angry that all his schemes went down the drain, but the fella was overpowering him, thoroughly.
“Why should I trust you? Who can prove that you don’t have an ulterior motive?” Jiang Chen sneered.
Wang Lingzhi shivered.
“I… I am just following the request of the Dongpo Clan’s patriarch, to ensure that Yu Huagan will stay on his bed and have the Yu Clan fight amongst themselves. The Dongpo Clan will then strike during the crucial moment. Then, the Yu Clan will eventually fall. I’m just a chess piece in this plan, my only aim is the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart.” Wang Lingzhi threw all the responsibility to the Dongpo Clan, denying all of his own actions.
Jiang Chen then understood that this wasn’t just Wang Lingzhi’s plan to get the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart. The contest between the clans in this region was pretty intense, but he didn’t believe that Wang Lingzhi was just a pawn.
“I have no interest in the squabble between these two clans. Give me the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart, I’m rushing to go back to the Spirit Jade City.” Jiang Chen said impatiently.
As if he’s not interested in the two clan’s battle, and let Wang Lingzhi’s guard down. There’s no point in Jiang Chen killing Wang Lingzhi. As a matter of fact, the Yu Clan would have a chance to turn everything around if he allowed Wang Lingzhi to go back to the Dongpo Clan.
Wang Lingzhi was shocked beyond words. However, he saw that Jiang Chen did not want to kill him and was indeed rushing to return to Spirit Jade City. He definitely looked like he was just passing by, and was not someone from the Yu Clan.
Wang Lingzhi breathed out a sigh of relief. Although it took him great effort to get the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart, and although it would be taken by Jiang Chen, he was still able to preserve his own life. Plus, he could still fall back to the Dongpo Clan, he just needed to be extra careful when dealing with them as it was like going down the den of cunning foxes.
Jiang Chen turned and left after he got his hands on the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart, without even looking back at Wang Lingzhi.
“God dangit. ARgh!! That bastard! I’ve made such an effort and prepared such plans, yet he’s the one who benefits from it, but I can only blame my misfortune!”
Wang Lingzhi was extremely sad, but compared to losing his own life, the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart was still a small price to pay.
Wang Lingzhi chuckled bitterly. Now, he could only return to the Dongpo Clan, as it was his final bet to become stronger.
Jiang Chen once again returned to the Yu Estate. Yu Jingxian was already bawling. Bai Yumo, Yu Jingfan and Yu Huafan’s expressions were of sorrow.
At this moment, the whole Yu Estate had become gloomy, Wangqing and Wangnian’s contest for power had finally begun.
The whole Yu Clan knew of this situation. Yu Huagan was on his death door. Although they tried their best to keep the info from leaking… they still failed. Everyone within the clan was anxious as they started to stand on each of their respective sides.
Jiang Chen slightly shook his head as he watched Yu Huagan silently lying on the bed. He could probably live if the Soul Leaving Curse is lifted. But, he’ll become extremely weak and would require a long time to recover his strength. He’s not entirely without hope.
“Sir, my father is seriously ill, please do forgive me if there’s any negligence that was caused.” Bai Yumo looked at Jiang Chen and said quietly.
Since she’s the eldest of the family, the whole Yu Clan would be in utter chaos if she too were to become dysfunctional and started crying. Plus, she was always one to be level-headed and firm. She wouldn’t even bat an eye in a battlefield. She can only hide her sorrow deep within her heart.
“No matter, perhaps, your father can still be saved.” Jiang Chen said.
Bai Yumo instantly looked at Jiang Chen. She wouldn’t have listened if it wasn’t Jiang Chen. His strength and mysteriousness caused her to believe in him. This mysterious man was placed in such a high pedestal in her heart.
Yu Jingxian, Yu Jingfan and Yu Huafan looked at Jiang Chen in disbelief. Even their breathing became heavy. Hope was burning once again in their heart.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2699 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2700


Chapter 2700
The Scheme Is Just a Start
Yu Jingxian’s eyes stared at Jiang Chen with eyes wide open.
“Sir, is that true?”
“It’s not 100% but I can try.” Jiang Chen said as he and Yu Jingxian looked at each other.
A light of hope lit up in her eyes at this moment, including the others as they turned towards Jiang Chen. Not even Wang Lingzhi could save his dad and the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart was useless, who could save him?
Jiang Chen felt somewhat pained as he saw Jingxian’s fiery gaze. However, he did not want to interact too much with her and he did not really blame her as he would’ve done the same for his own father. There’s no right or wrong, it’s just human nature.
“Sir, if you could save my father, I, Yu Jingxian, am willing to become your slave,” said Yu Jingxian as she kneeled down.
Jiang Chen immediately caught her, not allowing her to do so.
Jiang Chen turned towards Bai Yumo and said:
“I will do my best to save your father. Ask them to leave, I do not wish to let others know about this.” Jiang Chen said.
Bai Yumo was stunned.
However, she immediately understood why. First, Jiang Chen did not want to give too much hope to others and disappoint them once again, that would be too cruel. Next, it’s to prevent the information from leaking to other clans. It’s time to use this situation to their benefit, to see who’s the real threat towards the family, those who’re in hiding will surely show their true colours in hopes to attain power.
Yu Jingxian bit her lips, she could feel that this man was not interested with her even though she was extremely beautiful.
“All of you leave, only you three should know about this, otherwise… don’t blame me for doing anything drastic.” Bai Yumo said coldly.
The eldest still has some power over the family. The others quickly looked towards their dying father with bitterness and left the room.
“Sir, please speak without worry.” Bai Yumo said quietly.
She knew that Jiang Chen had something to say after following his husband to various battlefields as she became sharp in various situations.
“The Saint Doctor Wang Lingzhi had never planned to save your father.”
“What?!”
Bai Yumo shuddered as her expression changed drastically. She then gritted her teeth and said:
“Sir, is that true? Why did Wang Lingzhi do it? He has probably escaped by now.”
“He was eyeing the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart from the start, he did not care about your father’s life. He probably even hoped for him to die, by then, he can gain even more.” Jiang Chen said.
Bai Yumo was pretty shocked by Jiang Chen’s words. He chose to tell her this because she was sharp and knew how to look at the bigger picture. The Yu Clan would fall if there’s no one who could take control of the situation.
“Sir, please do tell.” Bai Yumo said respectfully.
“They are aiming at your Yu Clan. Wang Lingzhi is in cahoots with the Dongpo Clan. Your clan will be in utter chaos by internal strife after your father is dead. Then, the Dongpo Clan will take this opportunity to strike at your weakened clan and easily conquer it. The crucial part of this plan is Wang Lingzhi. The Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart that he used was a fake, he had stolen the real one away. He probably didn’t know how to save your father.”
“Sir, do you mean that this is a scheme cooked up by Wang Linzhi and the Dongpo Clan?” Bai Yumo analysed the whole situation.
Looks like this is a great scheme and Wang Lingzhi plays a great role in this.
Jiang Chen then took out the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart and placed it in his palm. Bai Yumo was shocked.
“I will take this Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart as payment for curing your father.” Jiang Chen said confidently.
She did not have any complaint and she understood that this was the real Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart. She trusted him more as Jiang Chen was being honest and did not hold anything back.
Jiang Chen’s a benevolent man as he’s the reason why Baimo City is still standing. She’s extremely grateful to him.
“Do not tell anyone about this, for now. Then, perhaps there is still hope for your Yu Clan. The internal strife shall be solved once I cured your father. Whereas, how to face the external enemies… that would depend on your own abilities by then.”
Bai Yumo immediately kneeled down towards Jiang Chen. She knelt down for all the people of the Yu Clan, and also for her father.
She couldn’t express her gratitude towards Jiang Chen’s benevolence other than this, and she did not know how to repay it. She remembered her husband who would rather fight those demonic beasts on the battlefield rather than dying sick in his own bed.
“Leave for now. Your father is struck by the Soul Leaving Curse, he’s weakening not because of his organs failing on him. I will do my best.” Jiang Chen asked her to leave.
The others looked at her after she left the room. She was struck by a wave of emotions yet she was still calm on the outside, others may not be able to handle it that well. The Yu Clan might have been submerged by such a great scheme…
Jiang Chen looked at the unconscious Yu Huagan, sighed and shook his head. Not even ten Wang Lingzhis could do anything to save him.
“It all depends on you now, Myriad Qi Cauldron!”
Jiang Chen took out the Myriad Qi Cauldron, a small part of the myriad qi could recover half of Yu Huagan’s energy force and it’ll only take a while to restore him to full health. However, the Soul Leaving Curse could not be removed by this.
That small part of myriad qi could even make those Emperor Realm experts be jealous of it. However, it’s a pity that Jiang Chen has spent almost all of it previously. The base of the Myriad Qi Cauldron was not unlimited and Jiang Chen’s body was thoroughly refined by the Myriad Qi Cauldron and there’s not much left within it anymore.
“Great Yu Soul Forming Light! Devour it!”
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2700 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2701


Chapter 2701
Heading to the Heavenly Wind City
Jiang Chen held the Great Yu Soul Forming Light in his hand and got it under control. The terrifying soul of the Great Yu Soul Forming Light was spreading widely to every part of Yu Huagan’s body. At this moment, Jiang Chen was startled. By the refinement of the Great Yu Soul Forming Light, Jiang Chen eventually realized that the Soul Leaving Curse was hiding in Yu Huagan’s mind and it was as small as a cicada.
“Let’s find out who you’re!”
Jiang Chen was casting the Great Yu Soul Forming Light while the terrifying soul was cultivating the Soul Leaving Curse in Yu Huagan’s mind continuously. The Soul Leaving Curse was a kind of spiritual item which had eaten away half of Yu Huagan’s soul. It was on the eve of success. But Jiang Chen had cut off all of its path of retreat
“Let’s see how long you can last.”
“Pu…….Pu……”
The Soul Leaving Curse kept making sounds as the Great Yu Soul Forming Light was considered as the curse’s ultimate enemy. It was a terrifying Divine Tool for cultivating souls. The Great Yu Soul Forming Light was exceedingly terrifying. As time went by, the curse eventually failed to resist the power of the light, and escaped from Yu Huagan’s body. Jiang Chen had already launched a formation and the Soul Leaving Curse was caught by Jiang Chen in the twinkling of an eye.
The Soul Leaving Curse which was as small as a cicada previously, transformed rapidly like layers of hemp and showed a horrid face. It seemed dreadful and extremely horrifying.
“It looks strange and creepy.”
Jiang Chen’s face lit up with a faint smile. He continued cultivating it with the Five Elemental True Fire once again.
“Oh! Oh! You’re such a despicable human. You’re going to pay for what you’ve done. Release me now!”
The ghostly face was wiggling out, and spoke like a human.
“Hey devil, not bad. Are you the one who placed this Soul Leaving Curse?” Jiang Chen said.
“That’s nothing to do with you. Why don’t you mind your own business? Release me now. Otherwise, our Saint Lord won’t let you off.”
The ghostly face said, giving Jiang Chen a ferocious stare.
“So you have a Saint Lord? Haha. I am burning with curiosity to find out where you’re from.”
Jiang Chen cast the Five Elemental True Fire and tried to melt the Soul Leaving Curse. There was an ear-splitting explosion while the Soul Leaving Curse uttered a piercing scream.
“I will tell you now. I will tell you now!”
The ghostly face stared fiercely at Jiang Chen.
“None of you could escape as our Saint Lord has already risen. I am merely his little soldier. Unfortunately, you messed up everything.”
“Who is your Saint Lord then?”
Jiang Chen demanded.
“I will never tell you even if I die. You don’t have the right to know who our Saint Lord is. Our Saint Lord will live forever, eternal and immortal. Our Saint Lord will devour the entire world!”
The ghost face roared ferociously.
“I will fulfill your dream since you want me to melt you down.”
“I will never tell you even if you melt me down.”
“Really? Instead of melting you down, I will make you suffer under the refinement of the Great Yu Soul Forming Light forever. You will never die even if you want to. As long as your soul is immortal, you will be writhed in the dreadful torment forever.” Jiang Chen went on.
“You……You’re such a despicable wretch. Humans are so mean.”
“Our Saint Lord is the Nine Heavens Saint Lord from the Wolf Clan Ice Emperor. Finally, he is going to return after suffering for thousands of years. You despicable human beings will become the slaves of our Saint Lord soon.”
“Wolf Clan Ice Emperor? Isn’t it an ancient race?”
Jiang Chen said with a slightly wrinkled brow, he was full of doubts.
The moment he fell silent, the ghostly face killed itself, vanishing in a moment and disappeared without leaving a trace. This guy had impressed Jiang Chen. Most of the people would definitely beg him to spare their life but this ghostly face had a strong determination. It chose to die without a chance of being spared, rather than submitting to Jiang Chen. Apparently, it was impossible for Jiang Chen to know more about it.
Jiang Chen recalled what he had seen in the mine well in Dragon Gate Ridge. There was more than a tiger-shaped beast. Did the Wolf Clan Ice Emperor hide in the mine well also?
Jiang Chen heaved a sigh of relief when he saw the Soul Leaving Curse had been utterly removed from Yu Huagan’s body. Even though Yu Huagan was still in a coma, he had a higher chance of survival. The Myriad Qi had rapidly restored his vital signs.
Yu Huagan could probably come out of his coma and recover completely within two months.
The moment Jiang Chen appeared, Yu Jingxian and the others held their breath and stared at him silently. No one dared to draw breath for a moment.
Jiang Chen wore a faint smile on his face. He would be terribly miserable if his father was the one who suffered like this.
“I accomplished the mission successfully.”
Jiang Chen’s words had made them feel truly relieved. When they were going to thank Jiang Chen for his kindness, they realized that Jiang Chen had already disappeared.
“That master is so powerful and incredible. He can even disappear without leaving a trace. May I know his name?”
Yu Jingxian gazed at Bai Yumo. While Bai Yumo was startled as she realized that she did not even know the real name of her life savior. She could only answer with a bitter smile and shook her head.
In the Heavenly Wind City, Wang Lingzhi looked worn out after a long journey. He had bottled up his anger and resentment all throughout the way. He felt more depressed and bitter as the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart was robbed by Jiang Chen. He knew that it would put him at a disadvantage if he tried to negotiate with the Dongbo Family. Besides, he was likely to be used by the Dongbo Family. Hence, he chose not to go to Eastern Mountain City directly. If the Dongbo Family felt doubtful about him and decided to eliminate the Yu Family, he would be helpless and lose his control. His strength would definitely put him in trouble. A negotiation should be conducted by two parties with equal strength. Otherwise, the whole world would collapse.
Wang Lingzhi was not a silly person, he was rather intelligent. If he could make an alliance with the Eastern Mountain City and wrest twenty percent of the Yu Family’s Dragon Vein successfully, it would be the best result for him. However, it was better to have two strings to one bow. He would bitterly regret if the Eastern Mountain City changed their mind.
The three greatest families had been living together and treated each other on equal footing for more than thousands of years. The reason that the families could live peacefully was because of the tripartite confrontation. If one of them collapsed, the other two families would definitely devour the remaining family ambitiously. It was a normal phenomenon and everyone would share the same thought. But once he was banished from the Dongbo Family, there was no turning back. Thus, dragging the Feng Family with him would be the best choice.
Dividing the forty percent of the Yu Family’s Dragon Range into three and three of them would get it equally. He would act as the middleman between those two families in order to constrain them. Even if he was unable to do so, the other two families would never dare to act recklessly since the situation of tripartite confrontation remained. That was what he hoped for. He couldn’t make the Dongbo Family own everything alone but it would be a different matter if he could obtain the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart and enhanced his strength to another level. At this moment, he could only go for the next best thing, it was the most perfect and appropriate method.
The genius skillful Saint Doctor Wang Lingzhi arrived at Heavenly Wind City, and the City Lord, Feng Luo Jiang received him directly.
“Brother Feng, how have you been? Haha. I have something urgent and important to discuss with you this time.”
Wang Lingzhi said with a bright smile.
“Brother Wang, just speak out what is on your mind. I am a straightforward person, so I hate those unnecessary formalities and I can’t tolerate any sloppiness as well.”
Feng Luojiang looked tall and strong, overbearing and straightforward. His strength had even reached the Mid Divine King Realm.
“Great. I love your character. I will just speak frankly. Yu Family was confronting a mutiny, everyone was gone. May I know your next plan, Brother Feng?”
Feng Luojiang narrowed his eyes and looked at Wang Lingzhi with a suspicious and doubtful glance.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2701 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2702


Chapter 2702
When the Flags of Eastern Mountain City Wave, the Iron Heels of the Heavenly Wind City Approach
“I think Yu Huaqian is going to die within three years. Yu Family lacks successors and they are confronting internal conflicts constantly at the same time. Even the Eastern Mountain City is on the move now, can you still remain unmoved? I forgot to tell you that I realized that Yu Huagan is at his death door during the treatment. Even though he is at the Hierarch Realm, he is impotent and helpless now.”
Wang Lingzhi spoke without reserve, which astonished Luo Fengjiang. This guy told everything frankly and forthrightly.
“Since you’re here, I think you know better. Go on with your story, I am all ears.”
Luo Fengjiang tried to pass the buck to Wang Lingzhi. Wang Lingzhi wore a slight smile, without getting angry. He went on.
“The situation of tripartite confrontation doesn’t sound terrible or threatening. However, it will stir up a dispute or even a war once one of them collapses. It’s normal to be covetous and expect the collapse of Yu Family. Besides, I guess the Feng Family and Dongbo Family will never stand and do nothing. At that time, are you willing to see me staying together with Dongbo Family and spend all my time with them? Haha. If that happens, I believe the entire LiaoBei will undergo massive changes.”
“Did you discuss with the Dongbo Family?”
Feng Luojiang said in a low voice, he fixed his glance at Wang Lingzhi.
“After the fall of Yu Family, Dongbo Family and I could definitely eliminate and swallow up the entire Yu Family’s property. But I have to consider the consequences after all. How could I compete against Dongbo Family with my own strength? I am afraid that they will burn the bridge behind me. I can never rule out the possibility. So the reason I am here is to seek for a strong pillar and a strategic partner. If both of your companies joined hands, I won’t be afraid. If Yu Family is divided into three, I will take ten percent of it.”
Wang Lingzhi’s words were impressive and thought-provoking. He even told Feng Luojiang the conflict of interest clearly. Feng Luojiang knew that he was the strong pillar that Wang Lingzhi was seeking for, in order to stabilize his position in the conspiracy. Otherwise, he would never be able to resist the Dongbo Family once they grow stronger in the future. And it was like a piece of cake to swallow it up.
Wang Lingzhi was not afraid but he wanted to find himself a way to retreat. Once the Feng Family joined the alliance, everything would be different. Two families and Wang Lingzhi were restraining each other, each would not dare to act recklessly. This was considered as a little tripartite confrontation and Wang Lingzhi could barely count as one of the parties. However, perhaps it would arouse a storm in the whole world if one of the parties collapsed. Feng Luojiang knew that Wang Lingzhi was just making the hay while the sun shines. It was normal for him to seek for a shield and his actions had shown his wisdom as well. While the Heavenly Wind City would never join hands with the Eastern Mountain City after eliminating the Yu Family, this would create another situation of tripartite confrontation as what he wished.
“Why are you being so confident about this? Are you really sure that the Yu Family is going to collapse soon?”
Feng Luojiang still remained dubious as this was not a game of playing house after all. Countless people would be sacrificed once the battle commenced. This was a battle which was related with the fate of the families.
Wang Lingzhi’s face lit up with a faint smile. He reached out and grasped.
“Because I have an absolute power over Yu Huagan’s life and death.”
Perhaps he dared not to talk nonsense like this if he still has the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart. However, he had already lost his dignity and overbearance at the moment. He had no choice but to put his hope and trust in the Feng Family since they were the next best choice.
Feng Luojiang fell silent for a moment and nodded.
“Great! I trust you. Once the flags and banners of the Eastern Mountain City waved, I will assure the approach of the Heavenly Wind City’s iron heels!”
“The decay of Yu Family is approaching and I swear to listen to your command. When the world is divided into three, I will only get one of them!”
Wang Lingzhi and Feng Luojiang looked at each other with a smile. Wang Lingzhi had finally settled down at the moment. And it was unnecessary for him to explain further to the Eastern Mountain City as they would lose their chance to negotiate once the confrontation was formed. The dragon vein of Yu Family would never be swallowed up by the Dongbo Family.
Two months went off. Baiyu City had experienced tremendous changes. The battle between Yu Wangqing and Yu Wangnian became intense and the elders had chosen their sides in the dispute. The greatest and fourth elder were on Yu Wangaing’s side while the second and third elder were standing behind Yu Wangnian. Both sides were furiously and intensely competing against each other.
In the meeting hall, it was the ultimate battle between Yu Wangqing and Yu Wangnian. Both of them were extraordinarily strong but neither of them was willing to take a step back. The fight was getting terribly intense at the moment.
“A country cannot live one day without a king, a family cannot live one day without a master. The vast Baiyu City should have a head of the family who have absolute authority on major decisions and family affairs. The old master is at his death door now so this is the most suitable time to assign a new head of the family.” The greatest elder said with a dignified look.
“You’re right, brother. But the selection of the head of the family is a serious matter. What would happen if we chose a useless person to become the head of the family? Our Yu Family will be fallen into decay in the future.”
The second elder said with a half-smile.
“I agree with you. I think it’s the right time to choose a suitable person to take the position as the head of the family. Otherwise, we will never be able to put our heads together and make one family.” The third elder added.
“I think the head of the family should be taken over by Yu Wangqing. Since ancient times, the eldest is destined to become the master and the eldest grandson should naturally become the successor. I think you guys have no doubts about it right?”
The fourth elder burst into laughter.
“You’re right. The eldest grandson used to be the master. But we have all seen what Yu Wangnian have done in these years. I think Yu Wangqing will be the most suitable person to serve as the head of the family and it is reasonable for him to take control of Yu Family.”
The greatest elder touched his beard, feeling happy and satisfied.
Yu Wangqing straightened his shoulders and looked arrogant.
“Haha. You shouldn’t say that. The most important, capable and talented person will be assigned with the important task. Even though Wangqing is the eldest son in Yu Family, he isn’t the only choice. Wangnian has been upholding the justice for the family and his great efforts were seen by everyone present. It isn’t a strange thing if a capable person takes over the important position. I believe that Yu Wangnian is just the right person for the head of the family.”
The second elder said lightly and a faint smile flickered across Yu Wangnian’s lips. It seemed like it was difficult to choose a suitable person that would serve as the head of the family.
“Our eldest brother has made some great contributions and worked his fingers to the bone to our family in these years. But I think it’s time for you to take a good rest and I will take up the role as the head of family now. I’ll never let you down, brother.” Yu Wangnian said and giggled.
“Did you just speak your mind? It’s normal for me to work hard for our Yu Family. Why are you putting me off? I believe that I will be the most appropriate choice to serve as the head of the family.” Yu Wangqing said with a sneer.
“Our father is still alive but you guys are scrambling for the head of the family’s position now. How could you treat him like this? Don’t you feel ashamed to face our father if he could wake up from the coma later on?”
Yu Huafan said in a deep voice. They’re on the verge of the family’s war and everything was already prepared.
“Bastard, there is no place for you. Get out of here!”
Yu Wangqing roared in a deep voice, his face turned gloomy and cold.
“Brother, our fifth brother didn’t mean to say that. He is just unwilling to see you guys turning against each other in a bitter struggle for power. Besides, our father is still alive. How could you compete over authority despite the brotherhood?”
Yu Jingfan said in a low voice.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2702 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2703


Chapter 2703
Fight for the Head Position
“Third brother, don’t forget who is managing the family now. It’s impossible for our father to stand up again and his death is already imminent. I also feel very sad about it, however, the fact is that there must be someone ruling over the Yu Family. Otherwise, when the other two families in the Liaobei Region targets us, how are we going to gain the upper hand then? It’s fine if you don’t support your own brothers, but how dare you come here and stop us? Our family can’t sustain without a head, do you really think our current situation is very good? Humph.”
Yu Wangnina said dismissively.
Yu Jingfan heaved a sigh. He had already put all of his effort into this matter; he had no other way to make things right again. The battle between his eldest and second brothers would break out very soon. He couldn’t do much with his own strength. However, he knew that his father would definitely wake up one day. By that time, both of his brothers would certainly receive heavy punishment.
When two tigers were fighting, there must be one injured badly or even one of them would die. This is the cruel part of battle in a family.
“Speaking too much would not help. Brother, if you really can defeat me, I am willing to be your follower. However, if you can’t win against me, the head position will be mine!”
Yu Wangnian looked at Yu Wangqing with disdain and shouted.
“As the eldest, I will naturally do my best.”
Both of them stared at each other; a battle would soon break out.
“Alright, since the both of them agreed to have a battle, let’s see who is more capable, and the winner would be the new head. Anyhow, this is a world that only recognizes the strong.”
The great elder said faintly. This was the fairest and most convincing way to choose a new head.
Yu Jingfan sighed. The situation had come to the boiling point now and it was impossible for both of them to take a step back. They were going to have a life-and-death battle soon. The winner would be the king and the loser would be doomed.
Yu Wangqing and Yu Wangnian had already prepared for this. They had been waiting for this battle for a long time. As long as they could defeat the other, one of them would become the new leader of Yu Family.
“Eldest brother, I will not show you any mercy.”
“Brother, there’s no mercy in battle. Only one of us can survive.”
The two of them had already decided to kill each other because that was the only way to prevent trouble in the future.
Both Yu Wangqing and Yu Wangnian were at the Early Divine King Realm. Both of them were quite formidable. Only if they could defeat the other could they gain the head position in the family.
At the fighting hall, no one dared to stand within a thousand metres. Yu Wangqing and Yu Wangnian stood against each other. The battle between two Divine Kings was not an ordinary one.
“Start!”
Following the elder’s order, Yu Wangqing and Yu Wangnian started their fight. Their fight was astonishing. More than hundreds of disciples watched the battle in silence. Many would feel regret seeing either of them being defeated. The rise of either one of them would be a nightmare to them.
Everyone was watching the battle between two Divine Kings in a serious manner. The two showed no delay at all in the battle while dazzling sword shadow and blade lights broke through the void. Even though they had kept some of their overbearing aura in the hall, the intense battle still startled many experts in Bai Yu City.
Jiang Chen stood at the bamboo garden and smiled. He had already expected this to happen. One of them would definitely be defeated as this was a competition for power and authority.
Yu Jingxian and Bai Yumo glanced at the window when they heard a loud noise. They knew what was happening, however, there’s nothing more important than being with their father. The sisters insisted on being with their father at this moment. As long as their father woke up, all of the difficulties would be solved naturally. Since Wang Lingzhi had left, no one had ever come here except the sisters, Yu Huafan and Yu Jingfan.
Suddenly, Yu Huagan’s finger moved slightly. Yu Jingxian immediately sensed her father’s movement and her eyes shone. It’s real. Her father’s hand moved.
“Father? Sister, look, our father’s hand is moving.”
Yu Jingxian was thrilled. At this moment, Bai Yumo couldn’t suppress the pressure and sadness in her heart anymore. She hugged her sister and cried.
Yu Huagan had slowly gained his consciousness. Yu Xianjing knew that she could finally be relieved.
After a long while, Yu Huagan finally opened his eyes slowly. When he finally saw both of his daughters staying beside him, he had a mixed feeling. He had been lying on the bed for more than a hundred years, and he had so many bottled up feelings inside his heart. He couldn’t tell how he had been feeling in these years. He thought that he would be devoured by death slowly but who knew that he could see the sunlight.
“Am I still alive?”
Yu Huagan said with a rough voice while his eyes were filled with confusion.
“Father, you’re still alive. Alive!”
Yu Jingxian hugged her father, and her feelings were suddenly released like how the flood burst.
“You are back, Yumo.”
Yu Huagan’s mouth moved as he forcefully made a smile.
“I am always here, father.”
Bai Yumo smiled forcibly. Yu Huagan was very grateful for his eldest daughter who was always calm and composed.
It was great to see them again. Yu Huagan’s heart melted. Even though his body had been in slumber for a hundred years, his heart had always been alive.
“Are your brothers all well?”
This was Yu Huagan’s biggest concern and his heart was always with the Yu Family.
“They are doing well. Your health is our priority now. Take a good rest for you to recover, you’ll definitely get well soon.”
When Yu Jingfan wanted to say something, she was interrupted by Bai Yumo who spoke first.
“It’s all destiny, I hope that our Yu Family will be fine.”
Although Yu Huagan did not know what happened throughout the years, he could imagine that there must be some internal and external troubles happening in the family right now.
No one knew when Jiang Chen appeared in the room. Yu Huagan looked at Jiang Chen and said calmly:
“There’s a crisis near Yu Family. You only need to rest well. You are going to handle the matters of the other two families who are tempted to take action. Don’t ask me why. I am the one who saved your life.”
Yu Huagan did not know how to respond to Jiang Chen. Neither did Yu Jingxian and Bai Yumo as what Jiang Chen said was absolutely right.
“Many thanks, good sir.”
Yu Huagan said while struggling. He was full of gratitude towards Jiang Chen.
“You’re welcome. You should thank your daughter.”
Jiang Chen said. Bai Yumo was moved for a second and her mouth was overflowing with a shy smile. It seemed like she had some kind of weight in Jiang Chen’s heart.
Bai Yumo did not know that Jiang Chen meant Yu Jingxian instead of her.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2703 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2704


Chapter 2704
Killing between the Brothers
Yu Jingxian glanced at Jiang Chen. Could his father really lie on bed peacefully while an intense battle was going on outside?
“But…”
“There’s no but. I believe that the master of Yu Family knows this well inside his heart. Death always involves the rise and fall of a family, not to say the closest of family. Otherwise, Yu Family might perish sooner or later.”
Jiang Chen said faintly. It’s not because he was cruel, but the fact is that if Yu Huagan came out to take over the control right now, the other two families would not be able to take action. If that was the case, the entire situation would be messed up. By that time, it would not be the matter of the internal affair only, but the external situation would be even worse.
Bai Yumo knew this well. How would the head of the Yu Family not know? The news about starting a great war had been spreading across everywhere and eventually reached Bai Yu City. Who would believe if Yu Huagan said that he did not know about this? However, Jiang Chen thought that there must be something one needed to give up in order to hold justice. Since he was the head of the family, he must look at the big picture and take the interest of the whole into consideration.
It had already been a great fortune for Yu Huagan to wake up. He had not recovered his strength yet and thus it was not the time for him to come out. If he came out right now, Yu Family would perish immediately. A spiritual symbol was important, however, a fragile spiritual symbol would only bring the family into chaos.
Yu Jingxian still wanted to say something, but Jiang Chen did not intend to listen to her at all. The best solution was that Yu Huaqian lie down on the bed and wait for recovery.
However, the whole situation sounded seriously painful to Yu Huagan. Bai Yumo held her father’s hand tightly. One would understand that kind of pain and worry.
“Don’t worry. They wouldn’t die.”
The three of them were stunned as soon as Jiang Chen finished his words. Those words managed to relieve Yu Huagan at the end. When people passed away, it was like a light being extinguished. As long as one had not died, there must be a way out. Since Jiang Chen had said so, they believed that he must have a plan prepared.
“Sir, you’re so thoughtful. If Yu Family could escape this misfortune, my family would be forever grateful for your kindness.
Yu Huagan sat on the bed and said with his hands held together.
In the fighting hall, the battle between Yu Wangqing and Yu Wangnian became more intense now. No one had expected them to fight with their utmost strength without showing any mercy. Although Yu Wangqin gained the upper hand, he actually could not do anything to gain the victory. Each of them were wrestling fiercely on the battlefield.
“Both of them will definitely be severely injured if this continues.” Yu Huafan said anxiously.
“Sir said that we must interfere with them when it’s necessary. Even if we might suffer punishment from the elders, we must take action to spare them from any critical danger.”
Yu Jingfan said with a low voice and he was ready to take action to stop this battle.
“They have lost their brotherhood now. It’s so disappointing. We are brothers by blood!”
Yu Huafan could not help feeling emotional. He still remembered the fact that they were brothers by blood, but what about them? All of them had the surname of Yu and they used to work out everything hand in hand. But now, the two were wrestling and fighting for authority and power.
“Even though I might lose my life, I would also want to become the head of Yu Family. Second brother, it’s impossible for you to defeat me!”
Yu Wangqing gritted his teeth tightly and attacked fiercely, shocking the entire river and mountain. The arena started shaking under his heavy blow. Yu Wangqing’s eyes looked ruthless; he had already decided to kill his brother. He had already forgotten that the man in front of him was his brother by blood. Yu Wangnian was also the same. Dealing with Yu Wangqing’s attack, he became more and more overbearing in the battle, not to be outdone. Both of them only had one thought which was defeating the other. Defeating or even killing the other was the only way for them to stand in the head position of the family.
“Let’s see if you have such capability. Humph. If you lose to me, you will never have a chance to turn things around anymore.” Yu Wangnian said dismissively.
Both of them used up all of their strength. Even though they had been injured badly, none of them would be willing to stop.
“They are mad. Are power and authority so important?
Yu Jingfan murmured. The eldest and second eldest brothers had been his role models. However, when they grew up, he only knew what internal conspiracy meant. No one was willing to stand behind, especially the two of them. They always wanted to fight for the first place in order to get the head position of the family.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2704 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2705


The Tiger of Liaobei’s Region
“Pu……”
Yu Jingfan’s face turned pale. Those two strikes had already caused him serious injuries.
“Third Brother, you’re courting death!”
“Bastard, it’s impossible for you to stop me!”
Yu Wangqing and Yu Wangnian said angrily.
“Yu Jingfan, what are you doing? Get out of here.”
The great elder looked pissed and shouted.
“Eldest brother, second brother. You guys are fighting for the head position in the family and you’re killing each other. If our father witnessed this scene, how would you have the face to see him?”
Yu Jingfan shouted in a deep voice and did not care about the great elder’s reprimand.
“Don’t bullsh!t, get out of here. Third brother, don’t blame me if you still meddle in this matter. A family cannot survive without a head. Today, I must become the head of Yu Family.” Yu Wangqing shouted fiercely.
“Get out of here, third brother. It’s not the place where you should speak.”
Yu Wangnian and Yu Wangqing pressed against Yu Jingfan. Yu Jingfan gritted his teeth hard while dealing with his two brothers. Although it was extremely challenging, Yu Jingfan would not give up in solving this matter.
“Third brother, I am here to help you!”
Yu Huafan took action immediately and joined the battle. Although there were gaps between their cultivation realm, Yu Huafan and Yu Jingfan managed to separate their two brothers and prevented them from killing each other.
“Brothers, if you continue this battle, one of you will die.”
Yu Huafan said while gritting his teeth.
“It’s none of your business. Bastard, get out of here!”
Yu Wangqing struck a palm, hitting Yu Huafan. However, he was also exhausted after the intense battle. Yu Wangnian was also completely worn out. The four of them were in a fierce fight. Initially, they were fighting to get the head position, but now it turned out like a drama.
“What a scandal! It’s so disappointing.”
The great elder looked gloomy and left the hall.
“Third and fourth brother, both of you come to receive your punishment. How dare you come and make a mess at this moment? You guys ignored the family rules.” The third elder said angrily.
Yu Jingfan and Yu Huafan exchanged glances while their mouth was overflowing with a smile. They were not afraid of punishment but only the life-and-death between their brothers. That would be a real crisis for their family.
“Let’s stop here today. We should take a rest and fight again next month.”
Yu Wangqing stared at Yu Wangnian coldly and said while panting for breath.
“If I was afraid of you, I am not Yu Wangnian.”
Both of them were held by their subordinates as they left the fighting hall. Everyone in the Yu Family was in panic now as there was no official head to manage the matters. Not only that, there were still many unpredictable people who were full of bad intentions. Some of them wanted to rule over the family, while some wanted to get the authority and power, and some wanted Yu Huagan to die as soon as possible.
The news spread to Bai Yu City very soon. Eastern Mountain City got the news about their battle immediately. It was said that the Yu Family was in a great crisis due to both internal and external affairs.
“Haha. Heaven has also helped me in this. Brother Wang, our plan is already half completed. We don’t need to worry about Yu Huagan now who was like a dead man. The two brothers in Yu Family have already gone against each other to fight for authority. After this battle, the both of them should be severely injured. Seems like our opportunity is finally here.”
Dongbo Tianchi laughed loudly and said
“Everything is ready, and we only need to seize this chance. It’s time for us to take action.”
Wang Lingzhi said with a smile and looked at Dongbo Tianchi.
“You’re right. Everything is set now. We can take over Yu Family, and by that time, the control of the Dragon Vein will belong to the both of us. Brother Wang, you have made a great contribution this time.”
Dongbo Tianchi patted Wang Lingzhi’s shoulder and said.
“Hahaha. That’s right. Without Brother Wang, it won’t be so easy for us to attack the Yu Family. The time is finally here, and we can defeat the Yu Family easily.” Dongbo Tianlan agreed and said.
“Brother Wang, let’s get ready. We will take action against Bai Yu City three days later.”
Dongbo Tianchi’s face was full of smiles as if he had already seen the light of victory. Right now, Yu Huagan was no different from a dead man, and both of his sons were injured badly after their battle while fighting for the head position. Who was going to call the shots during the crisis? Everything in the Yu Family was in a mess now. They deserved all these consequences.
“Great. Success is just in front of us now. I am still going to rely on you Brother Dongbo.”
Wang Lingzhi nodded. The three of them smiled after looking at each other. Wang Lingzhi then left the living room.
“Brother, when are you going to kill him?”
Dongbo Tianlan’s eyes looked cold as he said in a low voice, looking at the direction where Wang Lingzhi disappeared.
“No rush as long as he listens to us. Even if he wants to go against us, what can he do? Half of the Dragon Vein from the Yu Family is not enough for me, I want the part from the Feng Family too. It’s just a matter of time.”
Dongbo Tianchi looked at the sky with pride.
“Brother you’re so smart. Hehe. The Liaobei Region should be unified. Our Dongbo Family is doing all this according to fate. The Yu Family and Feng Family are doomed to be our stepping stones.”’
Dongbo Tianlan smiled from the thought of their family becoming the ruler of the Liaobei Region soon.
“Even a dying camel is still bigger than a horse. We should not underestimate the power of the Yu Family since they have been the tiger of Liaobei Region. Our land is the effort of our ancestors, we must not let others take it. We must be extra careful this time. As long as I am still alive, I want to unify the whole Liaobei Region!”
Dongbo Tianchi’s determination went out of his control. The Liaobei Region had always been his dream.
“The fact that they had been the tiger was a long time ago. Over the years, the Yu Family has gradually fallen. They are not the tiger anymore now. It’s so ironic that they are still controlling forty percent of the Dragon Vein.” Dongbo Tianlan snorted.
“The time Yu Family has guarded the Dragon Vein is longer than us and the Feng Family. They have always been here even before our families stepped into the Liaobei Region. Now, there are three different influences in the region, the Yu Family is not the only family who has power here. We must fight until our victory is secured to take over Yu Family and start our journey of taking over others now. We can’t make any mistakes in this matter.”
As soon as he finished speaking, Dongbo Tianchi left the living room.
Bai Yu City, Yu Family.
Yu Huagan could not stop heaving a sigh when he knew that his sons almost lost their lives while fighting each other. He looked pale and was ashamed of his two disappointing sons.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2705 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2706


Unfriendly Visitor
Yu Huagan sighed and said, “I’m sorry that you have to witness such an unsightly scene. Hehe, those two bastards… I’ll have them kowtow 1000 times in our ancestor hall when I get back on my feet. Our Yu family’s power has waned to such a degree and it’s not recent that the two other families are eyeing on us.”
Jiang Chen could see Yu Huagan’s helplessness. He’s a good father and a good leader of the clan.
“In the past, our family was the leader of this region, the Tiger of Liao Bei! However, we lost our dominance over the region after we were separated into three powers. A tiger without its maw has slowly become a cat. Hehe.”
“Kinda unbelievable, for your family to be the ruler of this region in the past.” Jiang Chen smiled.
That wasn’t sarcasm, it’s pretty normal for one’s territory that was left behind by one’s ancestor to be taken away by others. Not even a very powerful sect in a region could last forever, there’s always a new leader that would reign supreme in one new era.
“Mister, how much more time do I need to get back on my feet?”
“Three days. Your speed of recovery has already gone past my expectations. Plus, this misfortune may turn into a blessing in disguise.” Jiang Chen said.
Yu Huagan was somewhat excited. He could feel a mysterious qi within his body that allowed him to recover at a tremendous speed.
“What qi is that? It’s so powerful.”
“Myriad Qi.”
Yu Huagan gasped. Yu Jingfan and Bai Yumo silently looked at their father. Is the Myriad Qi that powerful?
The others may not know but Yu Huagan read about this in the clan’s ancient text. His ancestor gave a comment about this… Hierarch experts would gain eternal glory, Emperor experts regarded it a great treasure! The Myriad Qi was such a valuable treasure.
“Mister… this… Yu Huagan is ashamed in taking it… ”
He knew that this was his greatest honor and this youngster was not simple. I bet nobody else could possess this in the whole Lone Dragon County!
Jiang Chen shook his head and said, “It is all fate.”
Yu Huagan was not a petty man, he then smiled and nodded. It was his Yu Clan’s great fortune, surpassing even his fortune of reaching the Peak Mid Divine King Realm with his talent. There had not been a Hierarch Expert in the Yu Clan for 30,000 years. But with this Myriad Qi in his body, he could possibly reach it now.
“Fate… is there truly such a thing as fate?”
Yu Jingxian smiled bitterly and left the room, her eyes were filled with loneliness and guilt.
The moon was still up in the sky. The lonely Yu Jingxian stood there wondering where her fate was. If there’s truly fate in this world, why am I played by it? Whereas, him… does he know about my pain and suffering?
“Your father is recovering now, why are you still wearing that face?” Jiang Chen came out and asked quietly.
“Does the fate that you said truly exist? Isn’t everything in life right in front of us? Where is this fate that you spoke of? Heh.”
Jiang Chen was deeply moved by Jingxian’s bitter laugh.
“Why are you so hung up on it if you don’t believe it? Guilt and suffering may just be a fleeting dream. Perhaps, nothing has truly ever happened. What’s past has passed. Why do you still force yourself to live in the past and suffer in it?” Jiang Chen scoffed.
“You don’t know, some things or a man could not be forgotten and I dare not forget it. It’s just like he’s always there watching me… I dare not close my eyes, I dare not breathe, I fear that he would one day ask me in my dreams, why did I do it? I do not know what to answer…”
Yu Jingxian said as tears welled up in her eyes. She did not know why she was telling this mysterious man so much.
“One’s life is filled with many journeys, why do you care about that sorrowful winter? One’s fate is not one’s shackle. Perhaps there are no such things as right or wrong in this world. It’s just your obsession speaking. Perhaps, he had never blamed you, even once. You’re the only one not forgiving yourself. Let go and look up, possibly, you may see a different sky.” Jiang Chen smiled.
Yes, he had never hated her. He’s no saint, but he too had a fit of fleeting anger and pain. But he too believed that she would not disappoint him, and true enough she did not.
“However, I cannot forget it, I shall forever be ashamed of facing him.” Yu Jingxian said in a small voice.
She’d said before that she would follow him anywhere if her father wakes up. But this mysterious man’s words caused her to feel complicated. Perhaps, she’s not qualified to love nor beloved, to love him with her hands dyed red in his blood.
Three days later, Dongpo Tianchi and Wang Lingzhi led a hundred experts towards Bai Yu City.
“Dongpo City Lord, Dongpo Tianchi is here to visit Bai Yu City’s Lord, Yu Huagan.” A Dongpo Clan youngster said loudly.
“I hope the City Lord will wait for a bit as this little one will report to the main house.” A middle-aged guardsman said.
Even a fool would know that these guys were hostile.
“Those who visit are guests, are you trying to block us out of the city? Hmph, slave dog!” Dongpo Tianlan shouted angrily.
The sentry staggered backwards from the roar.
“Enough, Second Brother, let him report.” Dongpo Tianchi waved his arms and said.
The middle-aged guardsman’s expression became dark as he quickly reported to the higher-ups.
In the meeting hall, the Great Elders and others were wearing a gloomy expression. Their family’s situation was worrying. Yu Huagan was sick in bed, Yu Wangqing and Yu Wangnian were heavily injured. Now, the people of Dongpo City came to visit… Everyone knows that they’re not just here for a visit.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2706 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2707


The Two Families Gathered
“Such troublesome times. This Dong Shan City, I can’t wrap my head around them the longer I live. However, as the leader of LiaoBei, our Yu Family should not be looked down by others!” The Great Elder said.
From his point of view, the current Yu Family was still the greatest Family in LiaoBei region. In terms of firepower, the Family was still greater compared to the other two families. It was the Yu family’s honour.
“Let’s see what they’re trying to do in our territory!” The Great Elder waved his arm and gave the order to allow the men of Dong Shan City to enter.
Wang Lingzhi and Dongpo Tianchi looked at each other and smiled. They have entered enemy territory. The battle had silently started.
In the main hall, the Great Elder sat on the main seat as he waited for the people of Dongpo City.
“Hahaha, Great Elder, we haven’t seen each other for a thousand years. Impressive, you’re still as powerful as ever, truly admirable!” Dongpo Tianchi said with a great laugh.
“Dongpo Tianchi, your tongue is still as slippery as ever. What is your purpose for visiting our Yu family? State your reason. I do not like to beat around the bush.” The Great Elder said indifferently, not playing any games and giving respect towards Dongpo Tianchi
“Great Elder, what are you saying? I heard from Brother Wang Lingzhi that Yu Huagan’s extremely sick, therefore, I’m here to pay him a visit. I wonder if Brother Yu Huagan is alright?” Dongpo Tianchi said while squinting his eyes.
“Wang Lingzhi! You…” The Great Elder looked at Wang Lingzhi and said with a stern expression.
This fella suddenly ambushes us in the name of visiting?! Definitely not!
“Great Elder, long time no see! You still look as great as ever! Brother Yu may not be able to get through this hurdle… However, we can’t blame anyone, we can only see how fate plays out for him. Great Elder, my condolences!” Wang Lingzhi said with a faint smile.
“You… you guys are in league with each other, are you guys here to make a joke in our Yu family?” The Second Elder took a step forward, gritting his teeth.
This Wang Lingzhi was obviously a traitor. The Yu Family had treated him well and yet he betrayed them. Now, where was Yu family’s honour? Respect? With the Dongpo Family coming up to their doorstep with a smile….!
“Report… Great Elder, the Feng family’s Patriarch, Feng Luojiang is requesting an audience with the Patriarch. He says that he’s here to pay him a visit.”
The Great Elder’s expression became gloomy once again, including the other elders. Two families came at the same time! Are they here to mock us?! This is not as simple as it looks…
Dongpo Tianchi looked at Wang Lingzhi, eyes squinting. He felt something was amiss.
“You!” Dongpo Tianchi sent a telepathic message to Wang Lingzhi.
“I’m just worried that the Dongpo Family does not have the strength to swallow up the giant Yu family. Therefore, I think the Feng family will gladly come and help.” Wang Lingzhi smiled towards Dongpo Tianchi.
Currently, the situation has become much more complicated.
“Looks like I have not earned the confidence of Brother Wang. Hmph hmph, but with the Feng Family joining in… our plan will be much easier.” Dongpo Tianchi said telepathically.
However, this meant that the prize that was already near his arms had to be shared to others. For Dongpo Tianchi, it wasn’t that hard to deal with, the most important thing was he originally planned to control Wang Lingzhi but it’ll be difficult with the Feng Family joining in.
“Welcome!” The Great Elder said.
At this moment, the Feng Family and Dongpo Family had all arrived. Everyone knew about the situation in the Yu family. At this moment, they felt extremely disgraced, shamed, a disgrace that could not be topped by anything else in the last thousand of years!
Feng Luojiang moved after receiving the news as he had long placed a scout outside of Dong Shan City. They will move immediately once there’s movement in the city. Plus, Wang Lingzhi had given them a clear message that this plan will severely impact their position in Liao Bei Region. How could Feng Luojiang not be careful about it?
Feng Luojiang entered Bai Yu City with confidence.
“Hahaha, Great Elder, long time no see. Brother Dongpo, you’re here too? Such a coincidence, is Brother Dongpo also here to visit Brother Yu?” Feng Luojiang said with a smile while wearing a shocked expression.
“Hehe, Lord Feng, you’re quick in receiving the news, to think you got here this fast. You don’t even want to lose to me when it comes to visiting Brother Yu.” Dongpo Tianchi said with a faint smile.
They both looked at each other with a smile. Anyone could see what they’re planning but nobody was talking about it, that’s all.
“What are you saying? Haha, Brother Yu’s body is not well, and he’s one of my old OLD friends, how can I not visit him? Isn’t Brother Dongpo the same?” Feng Luojiang said.
“You guys are not here in our Yu Family just to bicker, right? Are you guys here just to make a joke?” The Great Elder harrumphed.
“Great Elder, what are you saying? We’re just here to see how Brother Yu is doing and what can we do for the Yu family.” Feng Luojiang said.
“Yeah, we’re here with our sincere heart, I hope Great Elder would allow us to visit Brother Yu, to wash away our worries.” Dongpo Tianchi said sincerely.
“Brother Yu’s condition is worrying. The Yu Family should quickly choose a new leader. A family must have a leader, a country must have a king.”
Feng Luojiang and Dongpo Tianchi spoke at their own leisure. The Great Elder could not show his anger as he did not know how to handle this. The Yu Family was facing difficulties internally and externally, the situation they’re facing right now was pretty worrying. These two fellas were definitely not here with good intention. The Great Elder did not know how to act.
“You do not need to worry about that, our Yu Family will certainly not disappoint you all.” The Great Elder said.
“This is an important matter for our Liao Bei region, how can you say that it does not concern us two City Lords? The Yu family, Feng Family and Dongpo Family support the whole region. If a Patriarch without any leadership capabilities is chosen, the Yu Family would surely decline in the near future, wouldn’t our Liao Bei Region lose its greatest support? Who would take responsibility then?” Wang Lingzhi said with a smile.
“Agreed.” Dongpo Tianchi said.
“If the Yu Family could not come up with a corresponding countermeasure, we’ll gladly help the Great Elder to think of it. Who is the most suitable candidate to become the Yu family’s next Patriarch. Since Brother Yu is our old friend, we absolutely do not wish to see the Yu Family of Liao Bei fall to depravity.” Feng Luojiang said in a tone filled with justice.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2707 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2708


Forcing Us to Abdicate
The Great Elder was panting, the anger on his face was extremely apparent. These fellas are robbing us in broad daylight. They want us to lose our power, thoroughly, to gain what we have!
However, the Yu family was still once the tiger of Liao Bei. The two families dared not to attack them head on. They’re just testing the waters right now, they’re trying to intervene in the election of the next Yu family’s Patriarch. Which means that they’re trying to take away Yu family’s resources!
The Great Elder was a veteran; he knew what’s up… With both Patriarchs present and Wang Lingzhi at their side, this meant that they’re prepared.
The two Patriarchs were here to force them to abdicate. The Great Elder could not make a decision. The Patriarch really played such a crucial role. Yu Huagan had been sick for a hundred years. Yu Wangqing and Yu Wangnian fought against one another and were seriously injured. Nobody wanted this to happen; the Yu family’s situation was definitely dangerous.
“IF the Yu family cannot take control of the situation… I believe the two Patriarchs will gladly assist. The Yu family will certainly be safe and live without worry under their protections.” Wang Lingzhi said.
Safe? Without worry? Isn’t that taking away the power of the Yu family? Asking the Yu family to cut off its limbs? The Yu family would be controlled by the other two families, and they dare say such a thing?!
The Great Elder wasn’t foolish enough to not know what Wang Lingzhi was doing. Otherwise, the two families wouldn’t have come so quickly. It must’ve been him that told them about the situation.
The respect and trust they had given to Wang Lingzhi previously were utterly wasted as it was repaid with betrayal.
“Fellow Patriarchs, are you planning to have the Yu family become your dogs?” The Great Elder said without holding back.
“Haha, Great Elder you’re joking. We didn’t mean it that way, as the once Tiger of Liao Bei, the Yu family’s might is apparent. Great Elder is just overreacting.” Feng Luojiang said with a smile.
“Agreed. We’re only here to help the Yu family choose their new Patriarch, is that wrong of us? Is the Great Elder trying to reject our good intention?” Dongpo Tianchi said, pressuring even more.
“Agreed. I think the Great Elder will not reject our good intention, right? Let’s elect the Yu family’s new Patriarch tomorrow, what do you think, Great Elder? We can’t possibly stay calm without a new lord. This Liao Bei Region is pretty vast, the head, the tiger of Liao Bei must take this seriously. Is the Yu family going to become a coward if there’s an enemy attacking our land? I do not wish to see that, and so is the Great Elder, right?” Feng Luojiang added.
The three elders behind the Great Elder were silently gritting their teeth. They’re pushing them towards the edge. A weakened Yu family could not possibly have the strength to face an invader.
To face an outside enemy, one must first settle internal affairs! They will lose their current position in the region if they can’t even put the other two families in their place! The dragon vein would be their downfall.
Without power, strength, what would give them the right to have that much share of the dragon vein? 40% that was given to the Yu families, how could the other two families sit back and accept it?
The extra percentage of it would make others envious and jealous. The Great Elder knew all of this. The Yu family that had lost its fangs would become a target by the other families. They’re most likely trying to ask them to give away the right of the dragon vein, one that would seriously threaten their position.
“Alright. Tomorrow, The Yu family will elect a new Patriarch. Both Patriarchs could leave now and rest. We’ve already prepared the best rooms for the both of you,” the Great Elder said coldly. There’s no reason for him to be courteous anymore.
“That’s what we’re waiting for! We shall witness it together, tomorrow! The new Yu family’s Patriarch! Hahaha!” Dongpo Tianchi said.
Dongpo Tianchi left the hall right after.
“See you tomorrow, Great Elder, I, Feng Luojiang, can’t wait!”
“Great Elder, I, too, am helpless towards Brother Yu’s condition. However, the Yu family needs a new leader. Haha.”
The three of them left. The Great Elder’s expression became dark, coughing out a mouthful of blood.
“Big Brother, are you alright?”
“Great Elder, you…” The Second Elder quickly supported the Great Elder and asked.
“Damned Wang Lingzhi! Those fellas are obviously here to force us to abdicate. This time, our Yu family is in great trouble…” The Great Elder said while gritting his teeth as his hatred seeped out from his body.
However, this was the law of the jungle, countless people will come up and replace them the moment they fall. Their position was extremely dangerous. The 40% share of the dragon vein would be contested by the other two families. They’re trying to reshuffle the power distribution of the Liao Bei Region. But, is it that easy?
“Their motives are pretty obvious, trying to take advantage of our weakened state. In the past, those two families came to this land like dogs with tails between their legs. We’ve given away 60% of the dragon vein, now that our Yu family is in great danger, they’re coming straight at us for our remaining 40%. F*cking greedy dogs!” The Second Elder whispered.
“Yes, Wangqing and Wangnian, those two kids. Neither of them can lead, and both of them got heavily injured, and Huagan’s on death’s door. Is our family truly on the verge of falling?” The Third Elder said angrily.
“Those two families are obviously here to show their power due to the lack of leadership. Our Yu family wouldn’t have suffered such mockery if someone came out to lead. Our family is still not so weak as they could attack us so blatantly, I dare them to come at us.” The Fourth Elder harrumphed.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2708 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2709


The New Patriarch
“Your thoughts are too simple. They’re just testing the waters. The two families were bound to join hands if our Yu family does not have a leader. We’ve given Wang Lingzhi a great deal of resources to ensure this information was kept secret. Yet that fella still betrayed us. We’re not prepared for it and the two elder brothers are still immature. With our internal situation being this chaotic, they’re going to sweep us in one fell swoop and take us down with just their pressure alone. They know that we’re going to lose if we get into conflict with them, that’s why they dared to do such a thing and they’re not even worried about it.” The Great Elder chuckled bitterly and shook his head, his heart mixed with a surge of complicated feelings.
The current Yu family was on the verge of facing great chaos and now… the two families came at such a moment, it was truly infuriating.
Things have gotten to a point where they do not know what to do as they were in big trouble. The other two Patriarchs would certainly scoff at them if an appropriate leader was not chosen.
“If we can’t choose somebody that can support our family, what then?”
“Then, our Yu family will not last long, the other families will certainly cause us trouble and our position as the head of region will be endangered.”
“The power that’s left behind by our ancestors has changed quite a few hands, we’re unable to protect our own land… we’ve truly disgraced our ancestors… ” Great Elder sighed.
“So, for now, we can only make the third brother to temporarily act as the Patriarch. Although he hasn’t reached the Divine King realm, he’s a steadfast guy, not as strong as Wangqing and Wangnian but handles things better than they are. There’s nothing to be picky on him, he’s the only choice for now.”
“That’s all we can do right now, I hope the third brother will not disappoint us.”
The elders sighed helplessly. The two Patriarchs will definitely laugh at them if they didn’t elect a new head.
The next day, Dongpo Tianchi, Feng Luojiang and Wang Lingzhi gathered at the great hall with the four elders. The people of the Yu family too had gathered at this place. Even the injured Yu Wangqing and Yu Wangnian were present.
“Has the Yu family come to a decision? The Patriarch of the family should not be given to just someone else. We too are worried about the Yu family’s safety.” Dongpo Tianchi said without holding back, yet nobody refuted him.
Everyone looked at the Great Elder. This decision will decide the future path of the family.
Great Elder glanced towards Yu Wangqing and Yu Wangnian and said:
“I announce that the Yu family’s Patriarch shall be Yu Jingfan and will be assisted by me and the other elders” Great Elder announced.
Dongpo Tianchi, Feng Luojiang and the others were shocked. The person himself shuddered in disbelief. Everyone’s gaze fell upon him immediately.
“What? Me?!” Yu Jingfan, stunned.
Great Elder, are you joking?
“No! I object! What gives him the right to become the Patriarch?!” Yu Wangqing was the first to speak.
“I, too, object.” Yu Wangnian also looked at the Great Elder.
Everyone looked at the Great Elder once again, it was pretty awkward.
“Bastards, this is not the place for both of you two to speak. Leave!” Great Elder shouted angrily.
Yu Wangqing and Wangnian’s expression became pale. They forgot that the Patriarchs of the two families were present too.
“Hehe, Great Elder, looks like the Yu family’s teaching is excellent.” Wang Lingzhi said.
The expression of the people of the Yu family became ugly.
“I only want to know what gives him the right to be the Patriarch? I cannot accept this!” Yu Wangqing stared at the Great Elder.
“I do not need you to question my words. Men! Drag him out!” The Great Elder said with vigour.
Yu Wangnian wanted to speak but held it in as it was not the right time. The Patriarchs of the Dongpo and Feng family were present.
“Why aren’t you greeting the Patriarch?!” The Great Elder commanded.
Everyone then looked towards Yu Jingfan.
Yu Jingfan, Yu Jingxian, Bai Yumo and the others zeroed-in on Yu Jingfan and all said in a loud voice:
“We greet the Patriarch!”
Yu Jingfan was wearing a stunned expression. He did not expect to become the Patriarch and at such a sudden manner to boot. The two older brothers were injured and him being the Patriarch was too much information to take. But it was announced by the Great Elder and was supported by the other elders.
“Haha, great! We did not waste our time coming here, this is such a happy occasion! To witness the new birth of the new Yu family’s Patriarch!” Dongpo Tianchi said with a great laugh.
His gaze was dominating as he released a mighty pressure and engulfed Yu Jingfan. Yu Jingfan instinctively took half a step back from the aura of a Peak Mid Divine King, his expression became ugly.
“You’re right, now that the Yu family’s Patriarch has been chosen. Me and Brother Dongpo are happy, too. Haha.” Feng Luojiang’s expression was solemn and he said it with a dominating tone.
Yu Jingfan was completely engulfed by a terrifying aura. He was once again forced a step back, his expression became pale, blood started to gush towards his mouth, his breathing became chaotic. He became weakened as he took on the aura of two Peak Mid Divine Kings, nobody on-site could take it.
Wang Lingzhi smiled as he too joined in, Peak Early Divine King was also stronger than Yu Jingfan by several folds. Yu Jingfan finally could not take the pressure from the three and his legs became wobbly, he could literally kneel down from the pressure at any second now.
“Patriarch Dongpo, Patriarch Feng, Wang Lingzhi, what is the meaning of this? Are you trying to start a war with our Yu family?” Great Elder took a step forward with cold eyes as he supported Yu Jingfan’s through his shoulder.
Still, the Great Elder barely managed to stabilise Yu Jingfan’s body under such great pressure. It was a battle of aura, qi, however, Jingfan was just a Half-Step Divine King, how could he fight against them?
“Great Elder is wrong. We wouldn’t dare belittle the title of the Yu family’s Patriarch. However, a person’s pressure is the same as one’s authority. Patriarch Yu, am I right? Hahaha. ” Dongpo Tianchi said.
The Great Elder was speechless, including Yu Jingfan. Bai Yumo and Yu Jingxian could only watch from afar; no one was able to help him.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2709 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2710


Stopping the Three Forces Altogether, Single-Handedly!
Dongpo Tianchi’s expression changed. The three once again unleashed another wave of pressure. The Great Elder was pushed back and Yu Jingfan coughed out a mouthful of blood and he almost knelt down. At this moment, Jiang Chen suddenly appeared behind him and caught his arm.
He caught Jiangfan’s arm to support his body, to prevent him from kneeling as he withstood the pressure from the three. The honour of the Yu family would be utterly tarnished if he were to kneel right now.
Jiang Chen smiled and said:
“Patriarch Dongpo is right, one’s authority will face the same pressure from the authority one held.”
Everyone was shocked. Even Bai Yumo, who knew of Jiang Chen’s strength, had once again changed her view towards Jiang Chen. The pressure came from the two Peak Mid Divine Kings and one Peak Early Divine King. They were obviously exerting pressure towards the Yu family, whereby not even the Great Elder was able to withstand it. However, Jiang Chen alone had withstood the pressure from the three.
Not even the Mid Divine King Great Elder could do it.
The elders and the people of the Yu family were all shocked.
“This mister is very strong.” Yu Jingxian whispered.
Bai Yumo looked at her and nodded.
“Thank you, senior.” Yu Jingfan wiped away the blood on his lips and said with a smile.
“Who are you?” Dongpo Tianchi looked at Jiang Chen.
One versus three, without a shred of fear. Jiang Chen did not even bat an eye from their pressure.
Wang Lingzhi was the only one who was the most shocked. He did not expect Jiang Chen to come back to the Yu family after obtaining the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart. That had truly perplexed him.
“You… you…” Wang Lingzhi pointed at Jiang Chen and stuttered as his eyes became wide.
He could never forget Jiang Chen. This fella is too strong, he’s probably as strong as the two Patriarchs, I stand no chance against him.
Feng Luojiang frowned and looked at Wang Lingzhi.
“This man is not simple!”
Wang Lingzhi murmured to Dongpo Tianchi and Feng Luojiang.
“Who I am is of no importance, Yu Jingfan is my friend. You guys are acting extremely unruly within the Yu family’s ground, and to blatantly bully others, you guys are pushing the line.” Jiang Chen said.
Although Jiang Chen did not do anything special, he was still able to withstand the pressure coming from the three, preserving the honour of the Yu family. They were grateful for Jiang Chen, especially Yu Jingfan. The Yu family would’ve become a joke if he were to fall.
“Yu family is pretty powerful. Haha, does the Yu family’s Patriarch require an outsider to protect him? This is hilarious, the Yu family’s Patriarch to be this weak. Looks like the Yu family’s time has almost come. Sigh, the past Tiger of Liao Bei was such a great powerful figure, but now… sigh… ” Dongpo Tianchi sneered.
The people of the Yu family were angered by Dongpo Tianchi’s words but it was a fact, they couldn’t refute it.
“Even so, it’s not your place to cause trouble, the Yu family’s head shall not be ordered by others!” The Great Elder said.
“Naturally, we do not have the right to interfere in the internal affairs of the Yu family. It does not concern any of us. BUT the matter of the whole of the Liao Bei region is our concern. The current Yu family does not have what it takes to become the leader of the region now, right? Who will lead us if some people come and cause trouble? The Yu family? Hehe, I bet you guys will run away faster than a rat.” Feng Luojiang sneered.
“We’re not trying to bully you guys. The Yu family’s Patriarch must have the same capabilities or higher than us. Without power, anyone could become the Yu family’s Patriarch and it would certainly become the joke of the masses.”
Dongpo Tianchi’s gaze became colder as he moved closer.
“What do you guys want?!” Yu Jingfan said.
As the Yu family’s Patriarch, he will not step down even though there’s no chance in winning.
“Nothing, if the Yu family has what it takes to control the whole Liao Bei Region, it’ll be fine. If not… then, everything has to be reshuffled.” Feng Luojiang said.
Yu Jingfan’s expression changed slightly. The expression of the people of the Yu family became ugly. The true reason for these two families’ arrival had finally been revealed.
“In the end, you guys are attacking our Yu family to split our resources, kicking us out from the Liao Bei power distribution, right?” Yu Jingfan said coldly.
“We didn’t say that. However, I do believe that only the truly powerful one is capable of leading. As the Yu family’s Patriarch, I bet you have what it takes to take on the two Patriarchs. I, Dongpo Tianchi, will leave right now if you can win against me. If not… it’ll mean that the Yu family is on its last legs, where it doesn’t have the strength to lead the region.”
Dongpo Tianchi kept moving closer, causing Yu Jingfan to completely fall into his trap. He wanted the Yu family to fall on its own, then, he’d be able to take over it smoothly.
“You…” Although Yu Jingfan was angry, he could only helplessly take it.
No matter how strong he was, he could never beat Dongpo Tianchi right now. The latter was a true Divine King expert, just a step away from reaching the Late Divine King Realm. Whereas, he was just a Half-Step Divine King. Is there a competition?
However, Dongpo Tianchi was also right. As the Yu family’s Patriarch, without actual strength, how could he lead the crowd? To become the head of the family?
Dongpo Tianchi and Feng Luojiang were extremely obvious. They want to reshuffle the whole Liao Bei Region’s territory and the Yu family does not have the power nor authority to become the leader of the region anymore.
Which meant that they should also hand over their part of the dragon vein. That was their true motive. They wouldn’t have come to the Yu family otherwise.
“You guys are being too much!” The Great Elder couldn’t stand watching it anymore.
He had to come up as the elder of the Yu family, he can bleed or even die but the honour of the Yu family must never be trampled upon.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2710 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2711


Burning the Bridge After Crossing the River
“How would this be considered as being hard on someone? Haha. As long as Yu Family give up their position as one of the three greatest families and give up the Dragon Vein, then we won’t disturb your family anymore. Right now, it’s not suitable anymore for the Yu Family to safeguard the Dragon Vein because you have lost your past glory. It’s amusing that you guys still want to live as if you deserve the glory. What a joke!”
Dongbo Tianchi said coldy and each of his words sounded extremely sharp. Jiang Chen could not help heaving a sigh. If Yu Huagan really fell down, the previous prosperity that Yu Family had might not be recovered anymore. The Yu Family was really pushed to a dead end but they couldn’t help it. Dongbo Family and Feng Family had taken the advantage when Yu Family was in a crisis. They also were good at observing the situation. If Jiang Chen were them, he might do the same thing.
They were not wronged by doing this and their decision was not wrong. It’s only because Yu Family was indeed dealing with both internal and external crises. They were in a great crisis. As Dongbo Tianchi said, Yu Family insisted on living under the glory despite having lost their previous prosperity.
The great elder looked pale and he had nothing to respond to Dongbo Tianchi. Yu Family, which was used to living under their glorious prosperity, was now in a terrible predicament in front of the other two families. The situation was completely different from the past. Ten thousand years ago, there were more than ten Hierarch experts in Yu Family. They were well-known in the entire Lone Dragon County. However, they had been declining over the years. Let alone Lone Dragon County, not many people know about the Yu Family’s past glory even in the Qilian Boundary.
It was as though the tiger had left its hill and descended to the plains, The Yu Family was the same as their situation became worse over time.
“I’m not sure if the master of Yu Family has such guts? If you can win against me or Brother Feng, we will never step into Yu Family anymore in the future. However, if you don’t have such capability, then the territory of Liaobei region might need to be reorganised. We don’t want others to invade our territory and, if that happens, Yu Family would perish too. It’s better for us to reorganise it now and see how we are going to divide the territory.”
Dongbo Tianchi smiled but he actually had already shown his aggressiveness and intention. It’s really sad how the Yu Family became this down and out right now. However, it’s a world where the law of the jungle prevails. No one could change this principle.
“In a simpler word, if Yu Family had the capability to take over our families, you wouldn’t just laze around, right? Hehe.”
Feng Luojiang was very straightforward. Since the Yu Family had lost their pillar, they found Feng Luojiang was here to challenge them.
Jiang Chen did not say anything as it’s not a place where he should speak. He did not want to meddle with the matter too as it’s the matter of Yu Family. They should solve the problem themselves and he could only help for a time not forever.
“I……”
Yu Jingfan wanted to say something but was stopped by the great elder because he knew that Yu Jingfan was going to challenge the two masters without considering his own strength.
“I will represent the lord of Yu Family to accept the battle today. Don’t forget, you guys are still at our place. Even if we lose the battle, it’s not the place for you guys to talk nonsense. Our Patriarch still needs more experience and practice, that’s why I would represent him in the battle. If you can defeat me today, then Yu Family would give up twenty percent of the Dragon Vein. But if you lose, each of you will have to give us ten percent. What do you think about this?”
The great elder glared at Dongbo Tianchi. This was what he could only do now. It was the last hope to safeguard Yu Family’s dignity.
If they lose the battle, they would hand in twenty percent of the Dragon Vein to ensure the family’s safety which would be worthwhile. If they won, it would be a great thing to get twenty percent of the Dragon Vein from the opponent. However, he did not have the confidence to win the battle.
What the elder said had shocked everyone in the Yu Family. Even Dongbo Tianchi and Feng Luojiang did not expect the elder would be so straightforward. It was unbelievable. Dongbo Tianchi was quite tempted by the offer.
If they started a great battle and took over all of the Dragon Vein, he actually could only get around ten percent of the Dragon Vein after dividing with others. Moreover, a battle would cause lots of causality and damage to his family. However, if he won the battle with the great elder, he would get the ten percent of the Dragon Vein easily. It’s a good deal.
He knew that he was more formidable than the great elder, so he was full of confidence. How could he lose the battle?
Dongbo Tianchi was quite clear about the consequence. The elder’s offer was much better than going through a great battle. What the elder said was true as a thin camel was still bigger than a horse. If they were going to have a life-and-death battle, it was still very difficult for the two families to eliminate Yu Family despite the alliance. The consequence and loss would be great too which would be out of their estimation.
Feng Luojiang was thinking the same. Even though it did not seem like a good deal, it actually benefits them. If they chose to join hands to defeat the Yu Family, they might still face lots of problems later on. However, it would be more straightforward and easy if they just need to defeat the elder and get the Dragon Vein. Why didn’t he choose so?
Feng Luojiang was not afraid of the great elder at all. He was very confident in the battle.
Wang Linzhi was the only one who felt discouraged by the elder’s words. Whether the elder won or lost, his contribution to the two families would become meaningless now. What he had discussed with the two families would end in bubbles too.
At the moment, what could he say?
“However, I don’t fully agree with the elder’s suggestion. No one should meddle with the matter of our Dragon Vein. You should have a battle with each of us respectively and our bet would be ten percent of the Dragon Vein in total. What do you think about it?
Feng Luojiang’s words excited Dongbo Tianchi because he got his point. They indeed had a higher chance of winning the battle and defeating the elder. Although the battle seemed like a fair battle, they actually had higher chance of winning.
Wang Lingzhi was the only one who was unhappy from this. He had spent a lot of effort planning this. However, not he had lost the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart, but also gained nothing at all. The two families did not take his interest into consideration at all.
“Two masters, you should not burn the bridge after crossing the river.”
Wang Lingzhi said in their mind.
The two masters gave each other a glance. They were not foolish at all. If they would gain the Dragon Vein easily through a battle, why would they want to start a great war that will cause great chaos?
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2711 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2712


Safeguarding Yu Family’s Dignity at the Cost of One’s Life
Wang Lingzhi was at a dead end and there was no way of turning back anymore. However, the two great families were in a different situation. They had more bargaining chips to offer. In the three families’ perspective, he was no threat at all.
Wang Lingzhi looked pale. Although he had expected this to happen, he hadn’t foreseen this to happen so early and that the two guys he was with would be this cruel to ignore him. Without him, how would have they gotten such a golden opportunity to attack Bai Yu City?
If he hadn’t helped smoothen things out, how would they have such a chance to oppose Yu Family? He had made at least half of the contribution to make this happen. However, he had become so worthless in their eyes now.
Wang Lingzhi regretted very much because he was not strong enough. If he was as strong as Dongbo Tianchi, they might not speak to him like this. Unfortunately, he did not have such strength.
If there was a Late Divine King expert supporting the Yu Family, they wouldn’t be so daring to push the limits in an aggressive manner.
“Alright! Deal!”
The great elder said while gritting his teeth. Although he knew that it was a trap, he had no other options.
Bai Yumo and the others were angry and anxious, however, none of them could represent the Yu Family to make a response. It’s all about power. Even if Yu Wangqing and Yu Wangnina were here, the situation would still be the same.
“Great Elder……”
Yu Jingfan was very anxious, praying that his father would wake up immediately. Father, without you, our Yu Family would collapse soon!
Three days ago, Jiang Chen had stopped everyone from disturbing Yu Huagan. However, there was no news about his father yet at the moment.
“I like how you are so quick in making decisions. Let’s go to the fighting hall now!”
Dongbo Tianchi took a step forward and said in a deep voice.
“Alright.”
The elder took the lead and arrived at the location first while looking extremely solem. Everyone in the Yu Family was anxious because the battle was greatly related to their family’s destiny. Twenty percent of the Dragon Veins was half of their total property. However, they had no choice as the great elder was the strongest in the family. He was the only one qualified to take part in the battle.
“We will depend on you, great elder.”
“Great elder, don’t disappoint us.”
“No matter if we win or lose, our family loses nothing.”
Everyone was looking forward to the performance of the great elder as he was the strongest in the Yu Family. If he could not help Yu Family gain the victory in the battle, their family would surely fall sooner than later.
Feng Luojiang and Dongbo Tianchi were very confident in themselves, whereas, the elder had no choice but to fight an uphill battle. The three of them were in a very different situation right now.
“Sir, what are the chances of the great elder in winning in the battle?”
Yu Jiangxian looked at Jiang Chen and asked in a soft voice while feeling nervous.
“No chance to win at all.”
Jiang Chen said without thinking much. Yu Jingxian and Bai Yumo’s countenance fell as soon as Jiang Chen said these words. They were afraid that the great elder would have no chance to win anymore.
“Then how…?”
Bai Yumo said.
“Let’s see what we can do.”
Jiang Chen said.
At this moment, Dongbo Tianchi and Feng Luojiang had finished their discussion. Dongbo Tianchi was very confident, and was the first one to battle. Feng Luojiang was second.
“Elder, I would not show you any mercy in order to get the ten percent of the Dragon Veins. Hehe. I never expected that Yu Family would be this generous. It’s really admirable.”
Dongbo Tianchi smiled and said.
The people of Yu Family swore in their heart as Dongbo Tianchi made such a sarcastic remark after pushing their family into this predicament. They would not have offered such a deal if they were not forced by the situation.
“Then please don’t show mercy, master of Dongbo Family. Even if I die, I would not lose Yu Family’s dignity.”
The great elder said faintly, showing great determination. Although he knew that he would not be able to defeat the opponent, he would still safeguard the dignity of his family at the cost of his life. The great elder had already been ready for a life-and-death battle!
“Great! Bold and courageous. I admire you. My palms and legs don’t have any eyes, don’t blame them for being ruthless.”
As soon as he finished these words, Dongbo Tianchi stepped out and casted thunder strikes inside the fighting hall.
Mountains and rivers were shattered by Dongbo Tianchi’s overbearing aura. Not to be outdone, the great elder counterattacked. Both of them were in a fierce fight immediately. The scene was frightening. They could lose their life at any moment if they were not careful enough. The elder had already staked his life in this battle. He did not have any other desire in life except safeguarding his family’s dignity. He had the determination that Dongbo Tianchi did not have.
Dongbo Tianchi did not have that determination as he still had a huge wealth with him. He would not put his life at risk as the elder did. Helplessly, the great elder was put in a disadvantageous position in the battle. He was repulsed by Dongbo Tianchi’s continuous palm strikes.
Dongbo Tianchi’s aura was like an overbearing dragon. Despite the great elder’s utmost effort, Dongbo Tianchi did not lose the upper hand at all and showed no sign of losing.
The elder was at the Mid Divine King Realm, however, there was still a huge gap between him and Dongbo Tianchi. Being the Patriarch of the Dongbo Family, he was undeniably strong. He was just one step away from reaching the Late Divine King realm. Of course, one could not compare him to the elder.
Dongbo Tianchi had perfectly demonstrated the meaning of discrepancy of strength in the battle. He managed to amplify the gap between their strength by attacking the elder unceasingly. The elder had no chance to counterattack at all. He could only keep retreating and was looking embarrassed.
“He might not be able to sustain for too long.”
Jiang Chen shook his head.
As soon as Jiang Chen finished his words, what he said came true. The elder was unable to deal with the opponent even though he had given it his all. All of his attacks were neutralized by Dongbo Tianchi perfectly. Soon, he had to face the thunderous suppression by Dongbo Tianchi.
“Taste my palm strike now!”
Dongbo Tianchi was fearless and his manner was unbeatable. At this moment, the elder’s countenance fell as the opponent’s attack was like a thunderstorm that kept pouring down on his body. He was sent flying after being attacked by thirty palm strikes. He looked terrible and pale.
“Do you still want to continue?”
Dongbo Tianchi smiled coldly.
“I won’t give up until I die. This is our Yu Family’s dignity.”
The elder said while gritting his teeth tightly.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2712 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2713


Returning in an Overbearing Manner
“Puuuu……”
A mouthful of blood spurted out from the great elder’s mouth. The great elder retreated but Dongbo Tianchi kept chasing after him.
“Since you have said so, I would accompany you in the battle until the end.”
Dongbo Tianchi snorted coldly. This old man is really courting death, it’s not him who did not show mercy.
Dongbo Tianchi kept chasing and attacking the great elder. The great elder’s face was pale, his injuries kept on piling up. However, he still did not admit defeat.
“The Great Elder will be killed by Dongbo Tianchi if this continues.”
Yu Jingxian wore a frown on her face, however, who could help them now? The mysterious man? He was looking at the battle scene with his arms folded which showed that he would not take any action.
“Ignorant old thing! Since you insist on dying, I will fulfill your wish.”
Dongbo Tianchi shouted angrily. A thunderous strike pressed against the great elder immediately.
At this moment, a white ray broke through the sky and sored up with incredible speed. As soon as the white ray flashed over, an oppressive palm strike clashed with Dongbo Tianchi.
The two palm strikes clashed against each other while dust flew all over the place. In the next second, Dongbo Tianchi was repulsed like a kite with its string cut.
“Who is that? Who dares to sneak attack me?”
Dongbo Tianchi shouted outrageously.
A white-clothed man stood up with a calm aura. He looked extremely composed and expressed an overbearing aura. His eyes were sharp, giving out dazzling lights.
“Patriarch?”
“Yu Huagan!”
“Father!”
Everyone stared at the incomparably formidable white-clothed man. Soon, Dongbo Tianchi could not help trembling while being stared at by Yu Huagan. His eyes were like a pair of sharp swords, releasing great pressure against Dongbo Tianchi who was now covered in sweat.
“Is this really Yu Huagan? Wang Lingzhi, that bastard said that he was already a living dead and would die soon. Why is this person here now?”
Dongbo Tianchi felt complicated as he could sense that Yu Huagan was even more formidable compared to the past. He had already made a breakthrough in his cultivation realm. He was now a Late Divine King, otherwise, he would not release such a great pressure.
“It’s our father!”
Yu Jingfan’s eyes were filled with tears, as with everyone in Yu Family. Their eyes were full of excitement. Even Bai Yumo and the others who knew their father had already woke up could not help suppress their thrill.
Yu Huagan had been the backbone of their Yu Family. When the backbone fell, only then did they know how difficult and challenging it was to manage a great family.
When facing a great challenge, Yu Jingfan only realised that he was so helpless and disappointed. When the family needed him the most, he could not do anything for the family.
Their father once again lifted up the entire family. The people of Yu Family started cheering.
Although Jiang Chen had been saying that their father would recover soon, it had been too long since the last time they saw their father getting up from the bed. It already became a legend to see their father wake up and even recover his full strength.
Jiang Chen had made the legend come true and their father did not disappoint them. At this moment, he was like a saviour coming to the world. From today onwards, no one would dare to bully the Yu Family anymore and what had happened today would never happen again.
The entire Yu Family was thrilled. The great elder looked at the majestic figure who had defended him, astonished. Undeniably, they finally felt relieved because their Yu Family would finally be at peace again with the return of Yu Huagan. At least, no one would dare to challenge them again.
“How could this be possible?”
Wang Lingzhi exchanged a glance with Feng Luojiang who kept cursing Wang Lingzhi in his heart. Didn’t this bastard affirm that Yu Huagan would definitely die soon? Why did Yu Huagan suddenly become this formidable? He was even more powerful than before. He had already become a Late Divine King. Even if Feng Luojiang joined hands with Dongbo Tianchi, they would only suffer defeat.
“Dongbo Tianchi, your family seems to have become more and more arrogant these days. How dare you come to Bai Yu City and challenge my family.”
Yu Huagan stared at Dongbo Tianchi coldly. Dongbo Tianchi said bitterly:
“It’s just a misunderstanding. Brother Yu, we just wanted to visit you actually and never expected things to develop like this. I am truly guilty. It’s really just a misunderstanding.”
“Misunderstanding? Why would our great elder be injured like this? How are we going to resolve this? Dongbo Tianchi, you seem to have forgotten about me since I haven’t come out for a long time.”
Yu Huagan snorted coldly.
“I will prepare a generous present and bring it here for the great elder next time I visit. This is all my fault, I hope that Brother Yu can forgive me. Hehe.”
Dongbo Tianchi laughed dryly. His strength was incomparable to Yu Huagan. If they really were going to have a life-and-death battle, he would definitely lose his life. If Yu Huagan had really died, then he would not be this afraid. However, obviously Yu Huagan had not died yet and his strength had even advanced greatly. Wang Lingzhi had really put them in danger.
Feng Luojiang could not help feeling relieved as he was not the one who started the battle. Luckily, Dongbo Tianchi took the initiative, otherwise, he would be in a terrible situation.
“If you are unsatisfied, you can come toward me.”
Yu Huagan said coldly with his overbearing manner.
“This is all a big misunderstanding. Hehe. Brother Yu, your cultivation has just broken through, hasn’t it? It’s such good news. Congratulations.”
Feng Luojiang said with a smile. He acted completely different from how he had acted earlier. At this moment, they all showed respect to Yu Huagan as he could defeat them easily now.
When one isn’t in a good position, one has to bow down to others. Both Feng Luojiang and Dongbo Tianchi could not compete with Yu Huagan now. It was a fact. If they still did not realise the situation, Yu Huagan might take further action and they would be embarrassed at that time. If a great war happened amongst the three families, Yu Huagan was capable of overcoming them even if they allied together.
“Humph. Bullsh*ting. You guys know what you have done.”
Yu Huagan’s overbearing manner goes hand in hand with his cultivation realm. If a Heavenly God said something like this, it would be ridiculous and amusing. All in all, strong men deserve respect. It was an unchangeable law.
“Of course, of course. Hehe.”
Dongbo Tianchi said. He had lost the arrogance he had previously.
When Yu Huagan looked at Wang Lingzhi, he trembled in fear and looked pale. He could only smile and dared not to look at Yu Huagan at all.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2713 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2714


Abnormal Phenomena
“Brother Yu’s strength is really astonishing. It’s so admirable.”
Wang Lingzhi hadn’t expected that Yu Huagan would survive and even achieve such a major advancement. It was really unbelievable. However, one had to believe as Yu Huagan was standing in flesh in front of him right now.
“Wang Lingzhi, it’s fine that you weren’t able to save me. I won’t blame you for that, but you almost put my family into a crisis. Tell me, how are we going to resolve this matter?”
Yu Huagan shouted in a deep voice as if a thunderstorm struck. Wang Lingzhi was terrified and he took a few steps backwards.
“It’s all a big misunderstanding. Hehe, Brother Yu. It’s a misunderstanding.”
“Misunderstanding? How can this be a misunderstanding?”
Yu Huagan smiled coldly. Although he could not turn against Dongbo Tianchi and Feng Luojiang right now, he would not care about Wang Lingzhi. At this moment, his strength was unparalleled and he was not afraid of Wang Ling Zhi at all. He wanted both Dongbo Tianchi and Feng Luojiang to submit to him, so he must create a strong image now. Wang Lingzhi was a good tool for him to do so.
“Brother Dongbo, Brother Feng, please explain for me.”
Wang Lingzhi did not know what to do, and could only seek out help from the other two Patriarchs. However, both of them had already run out of ways to help themselves, how could they care about Wang Lingzhi. Dongbo Tianchi would also like this bastard to die as soon as possible. Dongbo Family almost fell into an irrevocable crisis because of him.
“I could only release my hatred through killing you.”
“No, don’t, Brother Yu. Please don’t kill me. It’s all my fault. Spare my life.”
Wang Lingzhi immediately kneeled down, but that did not change Yu Huagan’s mind. He took a step forward and his figure was like a lightning flashing through the fighting hall. Before Wang Ling could respond, he had already been killed by Yu Huagan’s palm strike.
An Early Divine King was killed by Yu Huagan effortlessly!
Dongbo Tianchi and Feng Luojiang took in a cold breath while shivering in fear. They knew that Yu Huagan was showing them his true color.
No one was sorry for Wang Lingzhi’s death. No one even felt pity because he did not deserve any sympathy. Even if he had made plans for himself, he had never imagined that he would die tragically like this.
Everyone was very excited at this moment. Yu Huagan walked towards Jiang Chen and bowed to him. Everyone was confused looking at this scene except for Bai Yumo and the others.
Even Dongbo Tianchi and Feng Luojiang were stunned. How could Yu Huagan bow to a Half-step Divine King? It’s ridiculous. How did he deserve this?
“I, Yu Huagan, am able to return to my family and escape from death, all thanks to senoir’s contribution. Please don’t reject my bow. If you need any help in the future, I would do everything for you to repay your great kindness.”
Everyone finally understood what had happened now. Jiang Chen had saved his life, and he had also saved the entire Yu Family.
Jiang Chen smiled and said:
“No worries, Master Yu. I have said that it’s all about destiny.”
Bai Yumo looked at Jiang Chen and she was proud of herself as she was the one who brought her family their needed salvation.
Although her heart had passed away along with her husband’s death, she was still quite touched by Jiang Chen who had done so much for her. It was impossible for her to feel nothing. Initially, she thought that no one would live in her heart anymore. However, Jiang Chen’s heroic and invincible aura had moved her deeply.
Bai Yumo knew that both she and this mysterious gentleman had too much responsibility on their shoulders, so it would be impossible for them to be together. Although she knew that she was incredibly beautiful like her sister, she was still a widow of someone. How could she be qualified to be with such a talented man?
There’s no woman in the world who did not think of love. Unfortunately, they did not have the fate to be together.
Bai Yubo looked at her sister who was compatible with this gentleman. However, this man did not show any intention of courting her sister at all. Even though she and her sister were extraordinarily beautiful, Jiang Chen still remained unmoved. At the same time, her sister looked uninterested too.
“Sir, have you finished your task in Bai Yu City?”
Bai Yumo asked.
“It’s finished.”
After Jiang Chen said this, Bai Yumo could not help feeling disappointed as this meant that Jiang Chen would leave soon. Liaobei Region was quite small, how could a talented dragon be bound to such a place?
“Okay, we don’t want to disturb you anymore. Brother Yu, let’s catch up next time.”
Dongbo Tianchi said with a smile.
“Alright.”
Yu Huagan said faintly. Dongbo Tianchi and Feng Luojiang intended to leave, so he would not keep them here anymore. After so many years, he had to manage his own family affairs now. Otherwise, Yu Family would really perish one day. Right now, it was the most critical moment for him to rule the family again. However, he had already decided to leave the head position to Yu Jingfan and he would only oversee things in a different position.
“Goodbye, Brother Yu. Great Elder, I will prepare a generous present for you next time to show my apology.”
After Dongbo Tianchi finished saying these words, there was a red light that soared up to the sky and a strange aura made everything terrified.
“ That’s……”
“Dragon Gate Ridge, It’s the Dragon Gate Ridge. We had some miners killed inside the mines previously. I am afraid that there is an evil monster under mine.”
Yu Jingfan said in a deep voice.
“Dragon Gate Ridge? What happened?”
Yu Huagan frowned and said.
“Something similar happened in our mine too. Is there an abnormal phenomena happening in the Dragon Gate Ridge, isn’t there?”
Dongbo Tianchi said. He thought that only the mine under their family’s control faced such things. Unexpectedly, the same thing happened to the Yu Family as well.
“It looks like a wolf but not really a wolf. The Monster looks like a tiger but also not. Not sure what it was but I have killed it with great difficulty.”
Dongbo Tianchi said while Feng Luojiang nodded to agree.
“Seems like something unusual is happening at the Dragon Vein now. We have all met these monsters.”
“There might be something strange hiding under the Dragon Vein.”
Jiang Chen said.
“I have observed in the dark and saw that there’s an extraordinary dreadful monster under the mine. There are not only a few of them but countless of them.”
Jiang Chen’s words stunned the three masters.
“Sir, how about we go to have a look?”
Yu Huagan looked at Jiang Chen and asked. Although Jiang Chen was only a Half-step Divine King, he knew that Jiang Chen’s true colour was definitely more powerful than his cultivation realm.
“Alright!”
Jiang Chen nodded and the four of them turned into rays of light, heading to Dragon Gate Ridge!
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2714 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2715


Chapter 2715
Black Hole
Bai Yumo and the others started getting nervous after hearing this.
The great elder looked at the third elder and the others said, “Third and fourth elder, you two bring Jingfan and the others to help our Patriarch. Don’t make any mistake.”
Bai Yumo and Yu Jingxian exchanged a glance. Not to be outdone, they joined the team as well as one more person would bring one more manpower in solving the matter. What happened in Dragon Gate Ridge did not seem that simple.
“If sir hadn’t saved me, I might have already died. As a member of the Yu Family, I will not shame our family.”
Yu Jingfan said silently, and then headed to the Dragon Ridge Gate with the two elders, Yu Jingxian and Bai Yumo.
Soon, they reached Dragon Ridge Gate. There was no one in the place at the moment, except a guardian.
“Patriarch, you are here?!”
A white-bearded old man said with excitement.
“Mr. Fu, do you know what happened here?”
“No, I am not sure. However, there have been sounds coming out from the mine at midnight. The miners are all back to Yu Family, I am here to guard the gate.” Mr Fu explained.
He had already reached the end of his life, that was why he dared to stay here. As his time was not much left in the world, he volunteered to come here to guard the Dragon Ridge Gate.
“There’s unusual phenomena every night, isn’t there?”
Dongbo Tianchi frowned. It’s indeed strange, and everyone was confused. Most importantly, they did not know what was inside the mine. The unknown is usually the most important thing in the world because you could not make any judgement.
“Did you see the red light just now?”
Feng Luojiang asked.
Mr. Fu nodded and said:
“That red light erupted from the mine. I can’t see it well as it’s too dazzling. Patriarch, is there an evil inside the mine?”
“Alright. This is none of your business anymore. Mr. Fu, since you have almost come to your last days, you shall not waste your time guarding this place. Our family will definitely not mistreat you.” Yu Huagan said.
“Many thanks to Patriarch.”
Although Mr. Fu did not care about life or death, the Patriarch’s words still moved him deeply.
“Let’s go. We can only find out the mystery by entering the mine.”
Feng Luojiang said with a low voice.
“We must find out what happened no matter what is hiding under the mine. No one can mess up the Dragon Vein and it shall not be coveted by the villains.”
Dongbo Tianchi said with a deep voice. The three great families’ Dragon Veins were all connected to each other. Even though they did not own the Dragon Gate Ridge together, the Dragon Veins were an interconnected mountain range. Since similar unusual things happened in their mines at the same time now, it had already created an impact on the families. They had respectively lost more than hundreds of people. It’s terrifying. If they did not find out the cause behind this, who would dare to step into the mine in the future?
“Let’s not delay. We can only find out the root when we enter the mine.”
Yu Huagan glanced at Jiang Chen and said. Jiang Chen had been staying quiet. However, the three of them did not see him as a mere Half-step Divine King.
Since there were four Divine Kings and their cultivation realm were all at the peak of Middle Divine King Realm, they would not flee even if they encountered a Half-step Hierarch expert.
Under the mine, there were quite a lot of Divine Bright Stone lighting up the place. In the Divine World, the price of Divine Bright Stone was low but it could give out dazzling light and heat. It was a necessary tool in the mine.
At the hundred metres below the ground, it was filled with dreadful Divine Origin Qi. The surrounding stones had been releasing intense Divine Origin Qi, but most of them were only lower grade. There were only a few huge stones of mid-grade, and high grade stones were also very rare. Jiang Chen could not even spot any Supreme Grade Divine Origin Stones yet.
This mine range was incredibly huge and it was more than a hundred thousands miles in length. The depth was even more astonishing. Over the one hundred thousand years, all the families only managed to dig up a thousand metre of its depth. No one actually knew how much more Divine Origin Stones there were under the ground.
However, not all the stones from the Divine Origin Stone mine range were useful. After they extracted the stones, they still needed to refine them. Most of the Lower Grade Divine Origin Stones would be used as the currency. High Grade Divine Origin Stones would be used for cultivation. The real Supreme Grade Divine Origin Stones were in good demand for the experts of Divine King Realm and above. The number of Supreme Grade Divine Origin Stones was also very limited.
A hundred-metre mine range was only considered as an ordinary mine range. A thousand-metre one was considered as Divine Vein. But those that were more than hundred thousand metres were qualified to be named Dragon Vein. The three great families in the Liaobei Region controlled this Dragon Vein which was more than a hundred thousand metres. It was truly an enormous Dragon Vein.
“Look! Is that a black hole?”
Feng Luo said with a deep voice. Jiang Chen and the others looked at that side where he pointed. Indeed, there was a huge black hole stretching down to a deeper place. The black hole was without any light, making the light from the Divine Bright Stone look extremely bright. Below the hole, there were no origin stones that could be extracted.
“Something’s strange inside the black hole.”
Dongbo Tianchi said with a low voice.
“Each of us take a piece of Divine Bright Stone and go inside to see.”
Yu Huagan said while staring at the balck hole. There was no walking path anymore for them to go except the black hole. It was the end of the mine.
While Jiang Chen was looking at the balck hole, three pairs of blue light suddenly became brighter. Jiang Chen was stunned at the moment.
“Be careful!”
Jiang Chen shouted. Yu Huagan and the other three immediately dodged the aggressive strikes from the three monsters. The monster’s deafening roars shook the entire mine at the moment. They looked solemn while looking at the monsters.
Jiang Chen finally gained some understanding of these monsters because these were the monsters he killed before.
“Now I know. I have seen these tiger-like monsters before a hundred years ago but they were even stronger than these. After a battle with the monster, I was defeated and became unconscious for years. It’s the same bastard.”
Although Yu Huagan’s strength had advanced greatly, he still could not help trembling in fear thinking back to the strange monster. This was because he had the real experience before and his strength and life was devoured by the Soul Leaving Curse. If he had not met Jiang Chen, he would have died earlier.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2715 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2716


A Blue Light
Yu Huagan and Jiang Chen immediately recognised it. Dongpo Tianchi and Feng Luojiang dared not look down upon it. They knew the reason why Yu Huagan fell into slumber now, it was because of the tiger-shaped demonic beast that he met a few hundred years ago.
“These three fellas shouldn’t be too strong. Kill them quick.” Yu Huagan said.
Dongpo Tianchi and the others followed him, as Yu Huagan had experience in facing these beasts.
The three beasts did not stop even though the three were rushing towards them, the beasts immediately released a ferocious attack in retaliation. Their vigour and aura felt like they were filled with unspeakable anger and jealousy towards humans. Their eyes were filled with slaughter and carnage, their blue luminous eyes were really creepy.
Although their bodies were skinny, they were extremely sturdy, their attacks were kamikaze-like, one without fear of death. Yu Huagan and the others felt pressured by their attacks, however, they were still able to kill them by shredding them apart as the beasts were just at the Half-Step Divine King realm.
“Do any of you know about these tiger-shaped beasts?” Jiang Chen said.
Dongpo Tianchi and the others shook their heads.
“This thing… could it be the demonic beast of the Ice Emperor’s Wolf Clan?” Yu Huagan frowned.
He still shuddered thinking back on those three fearless beasts, he would have to tread with caution…
“Ice Emperor’s Wolf Clan?”
It said the same thing as the demonic beast that was within Yu Huagan’s mind, the Ice Emperor’s Wolf Clan.
“Are you sure? It’s just a legend.” Dongpo Tianchi and the others said, not believing Yu Huagan.
“What legend?” Jiang Chen asked with a frown.
“The Ice Emperor’s Wolf Clan is a legend of Liao Bei, but it existed long ago. There are traces of this legend, rumours have it that they’re ancient savage beasts, the royals of Liao Bei, one of the stronger clans of Lone Dragon County. However, they were punished by the heavens and vanished from the lands of Liao Bei. My ancestor’s note mentioned that they’re the leaders of Liao Bei and all of them were killed by a catastrophe. I did my research and asked around but no one knew about their existence anymore.” Yu Huagan was obviously guessing, he wouldn’t spout nonsense without solid proof.
“I, too, had only read it in my family’s ancient text. However, the Yu Family has been in Liao Bei much longer than us, and not even they have a clear record of it. This Ice Emperor’s Wolf Clan may not be real. Even if they were, why is it that nobody knows them? They’re probably extinct, how could they appear in this mine?” Dongpo Tianchi was extremely confused and filled with disbelief.
Those demonic beasts were somewhat like a tiger, like a wolf but not completely like them.
“Actually, judging from this cave, there are no signs of mining. This is not man-made. No matter if it’s the Ice Emperor’s Wolf Clan or not, we’ll have to investigate it.” Jiang Chen raised the Divine Bright Stone and shone upon the dark cave and said quietly.
“Alright, I’ll lead.” Yu Huagan said.
It was his Yu Family’s mine, he, as the leader of the family, should be the one to lead and investigate this mysterious situation.
Yu Huagan led the way with the Divine Bright Stone in his hand. The dark cave was pretty simple, there wasn’t any pattern, Yu Huagan noticed how empty the cave was. There weren’t any human traces, Jiang Chen was right, their miners did not enter this cave.
“Wow… Astonishing” Dongpo Tianchi whispered
Although it wasn’t magnificently perfect, it’s pretty impressive for an underground work. It was pretty hard to open up such a long tunnel underground. Plus, there were many forks up ahead.
His view towards those demonic beasts was changed once again after meeting the tiger-shaped beasts.
Everyone held a Divine Bright Stone to lit up the surrounding area, a thirty-meter radius was finally lit up.
“Sir, where should we go next? There are many forks ahead.” Yu Huagan looked at Jiang Chen. He greatly respected Jiang Chen.
“This place is weird, there’s a strong divine origin qi around the area but the traces are slowly fading away.‘ Jiang Chen said.
“Meaning?” Feng Luojiang looked at Jiang Chen with confused eyes.
He dared not cause more trouble although he did not know the guy out of respect towards Yu Huagan. Moreover, the guy was able to take on the pressure of the three of them alone. Although they have never truly fought, an average Divine King would’ve been overpowered by them. The Mid Divine King Great Elder was an example.
“This place was once filled with countless Supreme Grade Divine Origin Stones, but now it’s just a plain ol’ cave.” Jiang Chen said.
At this moment, Yu Huagan and the other two finally felt something was amiss.
“Yes, there’s a thick divine origin qi but it’s gone now. The lingering qi is certainly much thicker than a High-Grade Ore.” Dongpo Tianchi nodded.
They were pretty shocked by Jiang Chen’s keen observation. Meaning that those countless forks were once filled with Supreme Grade Divine Origin Stones, however, they were all gone now.
Yu Huagan took a deep breath and silently asked himself, could those beasts dig out that many ores? No…
“Let’s be alert on our way in.” Jiang Chen continued forward.
Transparent crystals could be seen along the path, they weren’t Divine Origin Ores but simple crystals.
Several forks appeared on the path and nobody knew what was ahead.
Yu Huagan dare not be careless as he had almost died here. He’s extremely vigilant now. As for the legend of the Ice Emperor’s Wolf Clan… he didn’t put much of his heart upon it.
“Look, there’s a blue light over there.” Dongpo Tianchi said.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2716 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2717


Sixteen Divine Burying Flags
The group’s attention was captured by the tunnel with a glowing blue light, they followed the light and entered a one zhang radius tunnel.
On the walls of the tunnel, beastly claw marks could be seen, it looked like this cave was carved out by some beasts. There was a thick divine origin qi lingering around the walls.
“If that was really true, I wonder how much Supreme Grade Divine Origin Ores we have lost. Sigh, there aren’t many ores mined every year, yet there’s a giant hole here, it’s such a waste.” Feng Luojiang smacked his lips.
He could’ve reached the Half-Step Hierarch Realm if he had that many Supreme Grade Divine Origin Stones.
The group moved forward carefully as it was extremely dark. Jiang Chen heightened his senses to capture any sudden movement. Suddenly, the Fire Qilin said something in Jiang Chen’s mind.
“I sense a dangerous air, be extra careful, Jiang Chen.” The Fire Qilin said.
Jiang Chen felt alarmed as Qilin felt something dangerous too. Deep down, there must be something dangerous lying in wait.
“There’s nothing here, we’ve travelled pretty far but it’s still quiet, that blue light feels fickle, it’s flickering, as if it could go out anytime.” Dongpo Tianchi shook his head.
At this moment, Jiang Chen squinted his eyes and found that there were countless transparent crystals on both sides of the tunnel. There were tiger-shaped demonic beasts trapped within the crystals, they were gigantic, around 3-5 zhang big, some were only 1-2 zhang but their eyes were closed shut.
“These crystal stones are filled with tiger-shaped demonic beasts.” Jiang Chen said.
“Where?” Yu Huagan asked and looked towards where Jiang Chen was looking. There were countless demonic beasts in those crystal walls.
“These demonic beasts had probably become fossils, god knows how long it has been.” Feng Luojiang was startled and said.
However, he wasn’t afraid as they were all sealed without a shred of lifeforce coming from them, most likely having become fossils a long time ago.
“Yeah, it’s pretty magnificent.” Yu Huagan gasped.
There’s a tiger-shaped demonic beast fossil within the crystal walls every five meters apart.
Jiang Chen felt that these beasts, although sleeping and trapped within the crystal, felt like they could jump out at any moment. If it weren’t for the lack of life energy within these beasts, he would’ve thought that they’re alive. They must’ve existed several hundred thousands years ago.
The group travelled further down several thousand meters more and reached a thousand meter radius underground plaza, bones were piled up in the middle of it, they were not sure whether it was from those demonic beasts, pretty creepy.
“To think it’s a formation?”
Jiang Chen saw an eight-trigrams shaped formation in the middle of the plaza. He couldn’t determine what formation it was but he felt a tinge of energy coming from the formation. On the altar, 16 broken Divine Burying Flags were placed!
“Such great effort and resources!”
Jiang Chen was shocked. He had obtained one Divine Burying Flag before and it’s extremely powerful. Now, with sixteen of it, such power, such dominance!
The Divine Burying Flag was not a general term for it, because the commanding flag of an ancient formation could become a Divine Burying Flag after ten-thousand years of soul gathering. These sixteen Divine Burying Flags were already in tatters, the surface of the flag was already gone yet it was still as powerful as the one he had.
On the formation, the five basic elements were placed, the eight-trigrams were placed, the ten-directions under the heavens, the twelve… it was complex and Jiang Chen couldn’t understand it. He only knew that this formation was extremely dangerous, it’s probably because of this formation that there isn’t any energy nor spiritual qi in this underground tunnel.
This formation still exists even though thousands of years have passed, the sixteen Divine Burying Flag still defends the formation even without spiritual qi.
The one who built this formation with the sixteen Divine Burying Flags was surely powerful. There must be a connection with this formation with the Ice Emperor’s Wolf Clan. Jiang Chen couldn’t understand what this underground dragon vein was made for.
Although the words on the flags were gone, it’s power could still fend off an army, that was the terror of these Divine Burying Flags.
“Sir, what do you mean?” Yu Huagan looked towards Jiang Chen and asked.
“It’s just sixteen broken flags, hmph, even if it’s a formation, it should’ve been broken by now. Who could survive that long except for Emperor Realm experts?” Feng Luojiang said in disdain as he looked down upon the sixteen flags.
Jiang Chen did not speak a word, because he knew that those Divine Burying Flags could still do great things and there’s probably a great formation in place. Something that’s out of his understanding. Jiang Chen finally felt an invisible pressure after the Fire Qilin’s warning.
Feng Luojiang sneered. He’s still a Half-Step Divine King, definitely not on-par with us, no matter how strong he is, he doesn’t amount much in this underground place.
However, Jiang Chen was no coward, he will certainly not back off even though he knew about those flags. The amount of Supreme Grade Divine Origin Stones were out of this world. There’s certainly a great fortune that lies ahead, Jiang Chen’s curiosity was pushing him forward to solve the secret of this underground dragon vein.
“Spiritual Gathering and Transporting Formation!”
Jiang Chen unleashed the formation, silently trying to form a link with this underground dragon vein but failed.
Jiang Chen once again became solemn,
“This place is devoid of spiritual qi.”
Jiang Chen’s Spiritual Gathering and Transporting Formation would not have failed if there were spiritual qi around, meaning that all formation with spiritual qi as the base cannot be formed. Without spiritual qi, nobody could replenish themselves. Not even his wood spirit could help him recover. This underground dragon vein was truly a barren and deathly place, one that cuts off a person’s lifeline if they dug too deep!
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2717 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2718


Just a Mere Tattered Flag
This was the Heaven and Earth Dragon Vein but it’s also dangerous, truly mysterious indeed…
“No spiritual qi, so what? Haha, do we need to worry about anything with our firepower?” Feng Luojiang said with a smile.
“You don’t know anything.” Jiang Chen sighed. It’s so tiring to preach to deaf ears.
“This basically meant that our strength will continue to drop as we continue to expend our divine origin energy. We cannot replenish our energy pool, just like a pool of water becoming a bucket.” Dongpo Tianchi’s expression changed and said.
Jiang Chen just silently nodded. He couldn’t understand why was the dragon vein such a deathly place? And their situation was extremely dangerous.
A well would become a single bucket of water after the water’s gone, there won’t be anything left. Feng Luojiang became slightly nervous from this description. However, he still ignored Jiang Chen’s advice.
“This is just excessive worry. Let’s see what formation this is.” Feng Luojiang said as he walked towards it.
Feng Luojiang then put his arm out, and tried to pull out the flag.
“Stop…!” Jiang Chen shouted.
However, Feng Luojiang still touched it. Feng Luojiang laughed in disdain as he pulled out a flag.
“Stop what? It’s just a broken flag, what can it do to me?” Feng Luojiang said arrogantly.
He didn’t like Jiang Chen’s suspicious expression, a cowardly man, why did he bother entering the dragon vein? Is he looking to die?
“Isn’t this fine? You’re overreacting, even if it’s a formation, it has already been here for far too long, it is already broken. Plus, you said there’s no energy here, what formation could last millions of years? I don’t believe it. Haha.”
“Don’t include me if you wanna die!” Jiang Chen stared at Feng Luojiang coldly.
“Did you think that you could remain alive to this day if it wasn’t for Brother Yu?” Feng Luojiang stared at Jiang Chen.
He didn’t like Jiang Chen from the start, acting all smug and all. As if he knew everything under the heavens. It’s just a broken flag? SO what if I took it out?
“Enough, Feng Luojiang.” Yu Huagan shouted.
Feng Luojiang harrumphed and went silent. However, at this moment, the whole underground dragon vein started to tremble, a huge quake was happening as stones started to fall upon their heads.
“Damned fella!” Feng Luojiang gave Jiang Chen a stare.
This fella is a fool! Although there isn’t any spiritual qi, the flags could defend the formation, like how I can’t set up the Five Elemental Trigram Fire Formation, however, the Ghost Prison Ashura Sword Formation only requires its divine tools to operate.
It’s most likely caused by Feng Luojiang’s action, Jiang Chen was extremely furious about this.
“Be careful, the ground is shaking.” Yu Huagan said with a gloomy expression.
They could only take care of themselves in this situation. They wouldn’t be trapped underground even if an earthquake occured as they were all Divine Kings. However they would still be injured if it happened.
Jiang Chen quickly backed off and protected himself with divine origin energy as he placed his back into a corner. The trembling lasted for around ten breaths, they thought it was a massive earthquake but it was not as none of them suffered any injuries.
“Overreacting” Feng Luojiang said.
The flag suddenly flew back to the altar and this gave him a good startle.
“How could this happen?” Dongpo Tianchi was also shocked.
“God playing havoc on us is forgivable, but the evil we bring onto ourselves is the hardest to bear.” Jiang Chen said while gritting his teeth.
At this moment, blue-ish eyes demonic beasts were crawling out from the surrounding tunnels, slowly moving closer towards them.
“This… this… why are there so many beasts? Each one of them is at least at the Divine King Realm!” Feng Luojiang’s expression finally changed.
“You’ll have to ask yourself.” Jiang Chen would’ve gladly smacked this fella to death.
“If it wasn’t for you pulling that flag out, the quake would not have happened. Why are there so many demonic beasts under the dragon vein? Those are the demonic beasts that were sealed within the crystals. All of this is caused by you, Feng Luojiang!”
Yu Huagan and Dongpo Tianchi looked at Feng Luojiang with anger.
Feng Luojiang said unhappily:
“Don’t you dare frame me. Why is this my fault?! Why didn’t you tell me that those flags couldn’t be taken out?”
Jiang Chen chuckled. I’ve told you but did you listen? Now you’re trying to push the blame to me.
“To think there’s more than a dozen. This is getting troublesome.” Dongpo Tianchi murmured as he started to get nervous.
Several dozen Divine King Realm tiger-shaped demonic beasts were pretty hard to deal with. Moreover, they were stronger than the ones before. They clearly felt the difficulty in facing one of them earlier and to have this many coming at them… they felt the pressure and danger this encounter posed.
“Feng Luojiang… you! This is your fault!” Yu Huagan shouted in anger.
“Enough bullsh*t, let’s first eliminate these beasts.” Jiang Chen said.
Several dozen beasts came rushing out from all directions, each and every one of which was filled with extreme violent anger, the four of them were forced to deal with caution.
“Screw you all!!” Feng Luojiang said while gritting his teeth as he launched himself forward.
It’s pointless to deny them now. He can only try to make up as much as possible, and presently, they have to eliminate these beasts to survive.
Arwoo!
Roar!
Several dozens of tiger-shaped demonic beasts came rushing, the strength behind their tackle was pretty immense. These Divine King beasts were out of the norm. A normal Divine King would easily be shredded by them. Although they were just at the Early Divine King Realm, their combat strength was at the Mid Divine King Realm. Their body was sturdy and without fear of death, it’s like a steel puppet.
Jiang Chen backed off and a dozen beasts encircled him.
Jiang Chen took on a dozen beasts with his physical body without fear. Yu Huagan, Feng Luojiang and Dongpo Tianchi silently acknowledged his strength as they were shocked by it. As they were hard-pressed on dealing with these beasts themselves, they could only use their best techniques and constantly evade as they looked for an opportunity.
Whereby Jiang Chen was different, each and every punch he threw caused a giant pit on the beast’s body. He liked to go into a melee as this conserves the divine origin qi within his body as not even the wood spirit was infinite.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2718 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2719


Chapter 2719
The Prince of the Ice Emperor’s Wolf Clan
Jiang Chen was like a peerless war-god. His body was like an unbreakable steel. He faced those beasts without fear as they clashed.
Yu Huagan’s expression became solemn as he faced those demonic beasts, it took him some effort just to defeat them but he’s still a Late Divine King, he’s stronger than Feng Luojiang and Dongpo Tianchi. He had suffered some minor injuries while facing those beasts.
Jiang Chen’s gaze was cold and calm. Those dozen or so beasts were all pushed back in just a few minutes. Moreover, their bones were crushed by him and their combat strength decreased significantly. He then proceeded to tear those beasts apart with his arms.
Those demonic beasts couldn’t get close to Jiang Chen and he demolished them in an instant, in a calm and composed manner.
Feng Luojiang was gasping for air as he was cornered by those beasts, distraught, his luxurious robe was covered with dust and dirt.
“You’re still observing on the side?! Aren’t you going to act?! ” Feng Luojiang said while gritting his teeth.
Jiang Chen was very strong as he tore a dozen beasts apart with just his arms, while Feng Luojiang could only evade in an unsightly manner.
“Why should I help you? It’s your mistake, why should I bear it for you? It does not concern me even if you got shredded to pieces.” Jiang Chen asked Feng Luojiang with a smile.
The latter couldn’t refute it as he was pushed back by a dozen of those beasts.
Yu Huagan took care of a dozen beasts after expending a great amount of divine origin qi. Moreover, he found out that he couldn’t take in a single drop of the surrounding energy from the environment. They must leave this place in order to recover their strength.
Jiang Chen put his arms on his chest as he observed from the sidelines. Feng Luojiang was fuming in anger but he couldn’t do a single thing against him.
Although Yu Huagan wanted to help, he did not do so as he too was almost out of gas. No one could save him if he used up all of his energy.
Although these demonic beasts were powerful, they were pretty brainless, they only attacked single-mindedly. Dongpo Tianchi and Feng Luojiang finally defeated the beasts after exerting their full strength. They were still the leaders of their family, possessing Peak Mid Divine King Realm cultivation, they’re still one of the best in the region.
“We’ll settle this score after we go out.” Feng Luojiang said.
Jiang Chen had become his number one enemy as Jiang Chen just stood on the side without helping, truly hateful!
“Out? Your imagination is wild, it’s easy to come in but it’s not for you to decide when to go out. ” Jiang Chen said coldly.
“What do you mean?” Feng Luojiang said.
“Brother Yu, I am not disrespecting you, he’s the one threatening me, are you going to leave me here too?”
“I didn’t say that it’s me that’ll try to keep you here.” Jiang Chen shrugged as he pointed towards the back of Feng Luojiang.
A tall, skinny man slowly walked out. He’s wearing a blue robe with blue crystals embedded on it, his hair was blue in colour, his face was pretty handsome, it’s like he came out from a painting. There’s even a faint blue-ish glow coming out from his face.
He could be described as a pretty woman. However, Jiang Chen felt that his appearance was pretty comical as he almost chuckled. His face definitely looked human but it’s too outstanding that it’s unbelievable.
Most importantly, his aura was pretty powerful. There’s an energy halo that lingered around his body, divine origin aura that’s surrounding his body.
“You guys shouldn’t have come.” The man with blue-coloured hair said with a smile.
He then lightly touched the flag and a powerful tremble course through the ground.
The trio looked back in shock. When did this fella appear behind them?!
“Who are you?” Feng Luojiang shouted.
“Who am I? Hehe, you guys broke into my territory and you dare ask who I am?” The man’s smile was as graceful as ever as he shook his head helplessly.
“Are you a man or a demon?” Dongpo Tianchi said coldly.
“Man or demon, does it make a difference? Everything has a soul under this heaven. You guys are just a part of it.” The man spoke in a calm manner.
“This fella is probably hostile and strong.” Yu Huagan whispered towards Jiang Chen.
Jiang Chen thought. Definitely strong. This fella appeared out of nowhere. I wouldn’t have found him if he didn’t appear right in front of me. Not even a Half-Step Hierarch has that kind of ability. He has that suffocating aura. Countless divine origin qi was seeping out from his body and was absorbed back into his body perfectly. It’s like the most basic breathing method of cultivation, it feels so natural…
“Your territory? You’re from Ice Emperor’s Wolf Clan?” Jiang Chen probed.
The youth raised his brow and looked towards Jiang Chen, he then said:
“To think there’s someone who knows about my Ice Emperor’s Wolf Clan? Looks like you guys are pretty knowledgeable.”
“Ice Emperor’s Wolf Clan? It really exists?”
Yu Huagan and the others couldn’t believe it. The Ice Emperor’s Wolf Clan was once the royal family of Liao Bei, the true leader of the region. However, it was a legend from tens of million years ago, to hear it from this young man over there, they were pretty shocked by it.
“The Ice Emperor’s Wolf Clan. A name that existed a long time ago, how many people still remember the name in this world now?” The man sighed.
“You say you’re from the Ice Emperor’s Wolf Clan and we should believe it? It’s just a legend from a long-gone past!” Feng Luojiang sneered.
“Then, every one of you shall stay in this place, how many years has it been? The Ice Emperor’s Wolf Clan was secluded for far too long, it’s time to see the sun.” The man said with a smile, one wouldn’t feel a single hostility from his words.
“Such a blatant statement! Be careful not to choke on it.” Feng Luojiang stared at the youngster without fear.
“Foolish. To be this arrogant in the face of the prince of the Ice Emperor’s Wolf Clan! Remember, my name is Luo Binsi!” The man’s eyes shot out a blue-ray, piercing straight towards Feng Luojiang.
The group then readied their bodies to face the threat.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2719 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2720


Ancient Dragon Sacrificial Altar
“Powerful!” Jiang Chen said.
On the very next second, Feng Luojiang was pierced by the blue-ray, his expression became pale as he kneeled with one knee.
“You… so quick…!” Feng Luojiang said as he coughed out a mouthful of blood. His expression became pale after almost dying; fear engulfed his eyes.
Feng Luojiang wouldn’t be so weak if he hadn’t used half of his energy earlier. Yet, he was still extremely fast, making Jiang Chen view him as a threat.
“Killing you is easy as pie. Why do I need to do it?” Luo Binsi said.
“The three great families of Liao Bei have gathered, looks like my Ice Emperor’s Wolf Clan is fated to conquer the world!”
“What are you planning to do?” Yu Huagan had a bad premonition.
This Luo Binsi is probably planning something big.
“The leaders of the three great families, the land of Liao Bei on a silver platter, looks like your plan’s proceeding smoothly. ” Jiang Chen smilingly said.
“I like to be acquainted with smart fellas. Although I’ve never left this place before.” Luo Binsi said with a speck of anticipation.
“Keep dreaming, trying to take control of us!” Dongpo Tianchi said angrily.
He’ll never handover his family to an outsider as it was left to him by his ancestors.
“You’ll know in a while whether I’m dreaming or not. He’s a prime example of disobedience.” Luo Binsi sneered as he launched a swift palm strike.
The whole underground dragon vein trembled a little as Dongpo Tianchi was hit by the attack. His expression became ugly as he took on the strike.
“Not bad, interesting. I like some challenge.” Luo Binsi looked at Dongpo Tianchi with disdain.
“And you… not even the Soul Leaving Curse can kill you, looks like my plan is far from perfect.”
“Seems like you have a great scheme in play, to use a mere Soul Leaving Curse to control the fate of a person. The Ice Emperor’s Wolf Clan, a supposedly fallen clan, is here, boasting. I wonder if it should be funny or sad.” Jiang Chen said.
He was very interested in Luo Binsi the moment he appeared because the fella was covered with Divine Origin qi, and the thickness of it was out of the world. Not even a Supreme Grade Divine Origin Stone could rival him. Jiang Chen was guessing that those Supreme Grade Ores had all been devoured by this fella.
The halo of energy lingering around his body is the best proof that he is not only the prince of the Ice Emperor’s Wolf Clan but also a huge and incomparably big chunk of essence of Divine Origin Energy!
Luo Binsi squinted his eyes as he stared at Jiang Chen, his smile became vibrant.
“I too did not expect to be this lucky… my strength will grow exponentially after I devour you. Hahaha, a body that’s filled with Myriad Qi… I like you more than the whole Liao Bei.”
Jiang Chen nodded and said:
“I too have the same thought, I will gain a great deal after I refine your whole being. You’re much purer than a Supreme Grade Divine Origin Stone. I wonder how many of those you have devoured.”
Luo Binsi’s expression changed drastically from Jiang Chen’s words. As Jiang Chen was spot-on, his body had indeed gathered countless essence of Supreme Grade Divine Origin Stones yet it was not absorbed. Otherwise, he would’ve reached the Hierarch Realm and took control of Liao Bei.
Luo Binsi and Jiang Chen stared at each other, both of them wanting to devour each other as they would gain massive growth. Jiang Chen could easily reach the Hierarch Realm with Luo Binsi’s body, while Jiang Chen was also a giant treasure trove for Luo Binsi.
Feng Luojiang and Dongpo Tianchi had no idea what they’re talking about. Yu Huagan, however, was shocked by their conversation, a shred of Myriad Qi could save him from death’s door and Jiang Chen’s body was filled with it? Damn!
They were shocked. Did Luo Binsi devour all the Supreme Grade Divine Origin Ores?
“This underground dragon vein is originally ours, the Wolf Clan. There’s no problem for me in devouring them, right? Who can stop me? Hahaha, I see that you guys still don’t know about your current situation, I feel sad for you all.” Luo Binsi stared coldly towards Jiang Chen and the others.
“I am more interested in your Divine Origin Spirit.” Jiang Chen stared at him and said.
“I’m afraid you don’t have what it takes. Ancient Dragon Sacrificial Altar, do you think it’s that easy to get away from it?”
“Ancient Dragon Sacrificial Altar? What is that formation?” Jiang Chen frowned.
“Why would you know about the Ancient Dragon Sacrificial Altar? This ancient formation is passed down from the immemorial time, using the underground dragon vein as the base and the altar as the ignition, allowing my clan to be immortal. With this formation and my three thousand Divine Wolves army, none of you shall leave this place alive!”
“Three thousand Divine Wolves army?” Dongpo Tianchi gasped.
Three thousand Divine Wolves army, all of them were Divine Kings, wouldn’t they reign supreme across the Qilian Region?
“Ancient Dragon Sacrificial Altar, not bad. It’s just a soul gathering pit that devours the essence and luck of the underground dragon vein. This army of yours is the product of it, right? Immortal, that’s a pretty grand word. But it’s just a puppet. You’re the only one left in your Wolf Clan, right?” Jiang Chen sneered.
He was just guessing, these wolves were lifeless, they were just puppets.
Luo Binsi’s expression changed once again as Jiang Chen spoke about the shame of the Ice Emperor’s Wolf Clan.
“Bullsh*t! Boy, I’ll show you the might of our Wolf Clan.”
“Looks like I’m right, the fall of the Ice Emperor’s Wolf Clan is right. A dying prince. What more can you do?” Jiang Chen said proudly with a smirk on his face.
He wanted to piss this arrogant fella off.
“All of you shall die.” Luo Binsi was obviously pissed.
“What do we do now?” Yu Huagan whispered as he looked towards Jiang Chen.
“Let’s do whatever we can. RUN!” Jiang Chen sighed and sent a telepathic message.
An army of three thousand divine wolves, all of them were Divine Kings. He wasn’t afraid but Yu Huagan’s different. They can only retreat for now as they were in the enemy’s territory, it would be unwise to clash right now as the probability of winning was very low.
“Why? Trying to run now? Hahaha, isn’t that too late?” Luo Binsi said with a smile as he was sure that he could eliminate Jiang Chen and the others.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2720 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2721


Chapter 2721
I Don’t Want to Lose My Father
“Did I tell you that I am going to run away?”
Jiang Chen did not mean to lie to him. Even if his strength was inferior to Luo Binsi, he still has the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda. There was nothing a Divine King could do to him. However, Jiang Chen had a plan. He intended to refine Luo Binsi and absorb his divine strength. If he could refine Luo Binsi successfully, he would benefit greatly. He could at least make a breakthrough to the Hierarch Realm.
“There is still time for the three of you to surrender. But I must kill this guy.”
Luo Binsi’ strong determination and the army of three thousand Divine Wolves had made Dongbo Tianchi and Feng Luojiang feel frightened. Both of them started having doubts.
Luo Binsi would spare their lives as he would need them to serve as his puppets the moment he ruled over Liaobei Region.
Just like what Jiang Chen said, Luo Binsi’s army was merely his dreary and lifeless puppets. In order to stimulate the renaissance, he would need the true bodies of the army. But to do so, he needed strong hands with formidable strength from the three great families in order to make the wolf army cast the Soul Leaving Curse. By doing so, they would be able to replace human beings and restore their real body.
It was not easy for the Wolf Clan to restore the LiaoBei Region. The Ancient Dragon Sacrificial Altar was previously casted by the ancestor of the clan during a crisis. It was set up to prevent the clan from extinction. It really came in handy. The Ancient Dragon Sacrificial Altar was the foundation of the Ice Emperor’s Wolf Clan since millions of years ago.
Feng Luojiang gritted his teeth. He realized that he was at the end of his tether after weighing and considering the factors. Besides, he could barely fight back since he was severely injured after fighting against the prince of the Wolf Clan. Was it necessary to believe Jiang Chen at this moment? Jiang Chen was in trouble himself. While Yu Huagan was encountering the same situation, the only way to survive was to follow Luo Binsi.
“Alright, I am willing to surrender! Your highness, our Feng Family is delighted to follow your footsteps from now on. We swear to fight to the death for you.”
Feng Luojiang’s mutiny made Yu Huagan feel startled and boiling with rage.
“Feng Luojiang, you son of a b*tch. How could you turn to the outsider? Did you forget that you have the blood of the Feng Family? Innocent disciples were all killed by this bastard.”
“It is important to see which way the wind is blowing before taking action. How could that arrogant guy win against the prince? He is just getting above himself. It sounds really ridiculous.” Feng Luojiang said in disdain.
“Great. I will treat you well from now on. A smart guy should be able to get a clear understanding of the situation, so that they could live longer.” Luo Binsi said.
Jiang Chen had expected this. This guy was just despicable and spineless. He was the one who should be called arrogant and conceited. Jiang Chen did not even feel surprised to see him betray them and take refuge in the prince of the Wolf Clan.
“Brother Dongbo, I am afraid that you will never have a chance to feel regret in the future if you don’t make your stand immediately. Yu Huagan is completely at sea now, why can’t you see the situation clearly?”
Feng Luojiang was trying to stir up trouble and fan the flame of rebellion.
Dongbo Tianchi fell silent and plunged deep into thought. He was also filled with doubts and he could hardly make his decision. However, Divine Wolves had made him feel astonished.
After hesitating for some time, he decided to switch sides and follow the prince.
“Brother Yu, I am forced to do this. Please forgive us.”
Dongbo Tianchi provided a solid and strong reason. He just wanted to stay alive as he had nothing to do with those miners who were sacrificed. Besides, his life was way more important and valuable compared to those disciples.
“Everyone has their own ambition. Patriarch Yu, they already thought that our lives are now under the control of the prince. I don’t think it is worth the cooperation now.”
Jiang Chen said with a smile. Yu Huagan did not disappoint him as they were standing side by side at this moment.
“Patriarch Yu, it seems like you will never realize how bad your choice is. After I take your life, I believe that both of them will be able to rule over the Yu Family for you.”
Luo Binsi burst into laughter, and his eyes looked extremely cold. He was determined to fight. The war was near, and was going to break out at any time.
“You’re my life savior. Life or death is our fate, success or failure is destined. Humans will end up dead and I knew it well. I will never regret this decision even if I die today.”
Yu Huagan’s strong determination looked ridiculous and meaningless in Dongbo Tianchi and Feng Luojiang’s eyes.
“You’re just too naive.”
Feng Luojiang said and curled up his lips.
“Alright. I will help the both of you restore your strength first. Then kill these two guys without mercy!”
Luo Binsi said with a smile and held their arms with his hands. In just a twinkling of an eye, Feng Luojiang could feel that his whole body was filled with spiritual aura. Most importantly, his wounds were almost recovered and his strength was fully restored. He felt energetic and refreshed.
“Go now. Your strength has almost reached the Late Divine King Realm now, and I am sure that there will be an unexpected result within a short period of time. The Divine Origin Strength that I transfused in your bodies is strong enough to defeat the both of them.”
“Yes, your highness!”
Feng Luojiang said and looked down. He took a ferocious and frightful glance at Jiang Chen instantly.
“You’re born to be a slave. You guys should die now.” Jiang Chen said coldly.
“Kid, you really rub me the wrong way all this time. Now, I am going to kill you for the prince, to get rid of the dissidents and make amends for the past mistakes.”
Feng Jiangluo said solemnly and looked at Jiang Chen scornfully. It has finally come to an end now.
“You really look like a loyal dog. Now you learned to fawn on your master. Unfortunately, you’re destined to become a dead dog.”
Jiang Chen said calmly.
“You’re merely a half-step Divine King. Let’s see how you die!”
After he finished speaking, Feng Luojiang surged forward. After getting the blessing from the prince, his strength had reached the Late Divine King Realm within a short period of time. He looked confident and overbearing. He was not afraid of Jiang Chen at all.
……………….
It was a heap of ruins in front of the Dragon Gate Ridge. Most of the mine holes collapsed and the path was completely buried.
Yu Jingxian and the others were completely dumbfounded when they reached the place after a long journey.
“How could this happen?”
Above the Dragon Gate Ridge, Yu Jingxian said with a ghastly white face. The mine in front of them was completely shut off. Even though they had arrived just in time, they could not do anything about it since the mine had already caved in, they could not find any entrance. They were not sure if the shock and tremble buried Jiang Chen and the others under the mine.
“We are late. I don’t know whether father is still alright.”
Bai Yumo looked anxious. However, they were helpless and did not know what to do next.
“What we can do now is wait. We are unable to find an entrance to the mine as everything has utterly collapsed now.”
Yu Jingfan smiled bitterly and shook his head. He was depressed, looking gloomy.
“I don’t want to lose my father. I don’t want……”
Yu Jingxian gritted her teeth.
“I will definitely find father!”
Yu Jingxian started digging a hole desperately.
The people around her were full of astonishment and shock but they could understand Yu Jingxian’s actions and feelings as all of them felt the same.
“We can only do this for now.”
The second and the third elder looked at each other and wore a bitter smile silently. Although this act looked foolish, they had no other choice but to do so.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2721 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2722


Chapter 2722
I Hope You Won’t Let Me Down
Jiang Chen glanced at Feng Luojiang and sneered. In the next moment, they were already colliding against each other.
Jiang Chen did not let up and used his Dragon Transformation immediately. He dared not treat Feng Luojiang easily if Jiang Chen really wanted to kill him. It was necessary to make sure that there was a safe bet. Jiang Chen and Yu Huagan were besieged by the enemies from all sides at this moment and the prince would never let them off easily. Therefore, Yu Huagan was already mentally prepared and determined to fight to the death at this moment.
“Xuan Feng Sword!”
Feng Luojiang’s sword light shimmered brightly, pointing toward Jiang Chen directly. The combat strength of a Late Divine King Realm made him feel proud and satisfied.
The Divine Origin Strength transfused into his body had enhanced his strength to the Late Divine King Realm within a short period of time. Hence, it was still unstable. However, it was already considered as unbeatable and irresistible compared to those Mid Divine King Realm experts.
Feng Luojiang was full of confidence. His sword light pierced through the void with a dazzling radiance. However, Jiang Chen remained unmoved and calm, he was dealing with him fearlessly
“I wonder who gave you the courage and confidence. A half-step Divine King, it sounds too ridiculous. You’re really killing me. You should go through the trial for your life, bastard.”
Feng Luojiang was exceedingly arrogant and his sword light glimmered. Countless aura had blocked Jiang Chen’s path due to the fully unleashed power of a Late Divine King. Feng Luojiang was restraining Jiang Chen with a clear advantage. He would like to cast the mightiness of the Late Divine King Realm.
“Be careful, Jiang Chen!”
Yu Huagan was trying to warn Jiang Chen, looking anxious. Although Jiang Chen’s strength was not ordinary, he was still human. It sounded impossible to compete against a Late Divine King Realm. Yu Huagan was full of doubts and confusion.
“Just fight with me.”
Dongbo Tianchi said with a sneer. Both of their strength was neck and neck as they were both Late Divine King Realm experts. Comparing the strength between Jiang Chen and Feng Luojiang, there wasn’t a huge difference in this battle.
Jiang Chen was capable of fighting ferociously with Divine King Realm experts with his own strength and it was not an issue for him. He could even compete against a Mid Divine King Realm. After using the Dragon Transformation to the fullest, his terrifying combat strength was greatly enhanced to another level. He was not afraid of a Late Divine King at all. If he did not deal with the beasts with extraordinarily strong combat strength earlier, he was sure that he could kill Feng Luojiang without a doubt.
Jiang Chen looked like a War God, colliding with Feng Luojiang constantly. The terrifying shockwave had swept over the entire plaza. Feng Luojiang had never expected Jiang Chen to be exceedingly terrifying. After transforming into a half man and half dragon, even Feng Luojiang could hardly break his defense.
“Are you a human or a dragon? This is becoming interesting. If I can offer your blood as a sacrifice to the Ancient Dragon Sacrificial Altar, perhaps your blood can be used to purify the bloodline of the Ice Emperor’s Wolf Clan. Our clan needs this kind of pure dragon bloodline.”
Luo Binsi narrowed his eyes and took a glance at Jiang Chen, he was in a state of great excitement. The Dragon Aura on this guy was extremely strong so he was sure that he was not from an ordinary Dragon clan. Since Feng Luojiang would never be able to obtain the true dragon bloodline, it sounded great even if he could only get the blood of this half man and half dragon.
Jiang Chen and Feng Luojiang clashed against each other intensely for several times. The horrifying ripple of energy had spread widely. Jiang Chen was fighting furiously. He believed that he could definitely defeat Feng Luojiang if Feng Luojiang’s strength was not greatly enhanced. Even so, Feng Luojang could hardly constrain the cautious Jiang Chen, forcing him to retreat. Feng Luojiang finally realized Jiang Chen’s strength, which was exceedingly terrifying.
“I have never expected a Half-step Divine King to have such a terrifying combat strength.”
Feng Luojiang thought. It seemed like he had underestimated Jiang Chen’s strength.
“Flaming Fire Blade of Sun!”
Feng Luojiang put his palms together. The sword light converged, causing the raging flames and lava to burst out instantly. The terrifying flame aura was rushing toward Jiang Chen directly.
“Five Elements Combat Dragon Seal!”
Jiang Chen folded his hand. He cast the fusion of the Five Elemental True Fire and the terrifying Thunderfire spouted out immediately. An insane dragon was spurting the flames back and forth and confronted Feng Luojiang’s attack. Feng Luojiang’s face turned gloomy as the Five Elements Combat Dragon Seal was engulfing everything, even he himself could hardly escape. The Five Elemental Combat Dragon Seal was penetrating through his body. Feng Luojiang looked ghastly pale and spurted out a mouthful of blood.
“You are such rubbish.”
Jiang Chen said and smiled coldly. He launched the Three Thousand Flames Dragon Seal and struck out. The thunder was howling wildly while the heavens and earth were shattered.
Feng Luojiang’s face changed colour as he could feel the terrifying aura. A kind of dreadful aura was spreading all over the place.
“Please save me, your highness!”
Feng Luojiang exclaimed and lost his voice. He knew that he would not be able to resist Jiang Chen’s blow.
“Stop!”
Apparently, Luo Binsi also did not wish to see Feng Luojiang get killed by Jiang Chen. If that really happened, he would be confronting a great deal of difficulties when ruling over the whole LiaoBei Region. However, it would save him all sorts of trouble if he could make Feng Luojiang and the others surrender to him.
“It’s too late!”
Jiang Chen looked straight in Feng Luojiang’s eyes and rushed towards him ferociously. The Three Thousand Flames Dragon Seal transformed into an insane dragon with raging flames, flying swiftly at lightning speed and swept over the entire plaza. Feng Luojiang was swallowed by the Flame Dragon Seal instantly and disappeared in the void eventually. He had been turned into black ash which made everyone heave a sigh. Even Dongbo Tianchi was slightly startled. It was such an abnormal and violent attack.
“Rubbish. You will always be rubbish.”
Jiang Chen looked at Luo Binsi, and wore a faint smile on his face.
“You’re a disgusting devil.”
Luo Binsi was slightly annoyed. He had expected that everything would run smoothly and he had the whip in his hands. However, he had never thought that this useless guy was easily defeated by Jiang Chen. He was merely an eye candy.
“I will play with you if you want to fight.”
Luo Binsi’s voice sounded cold. He reached out with his hands and hundreds of Ice Emperor Wolves appeared immediately in front of Jiang Chen.
“So, you wanna overwhelm me with those wolves?”
“You can easily defeat ten of them, but what if there are hundreds of them? I hope you won’t let me down.”
Luo Binsi just stood there with his arms folded. In his blue eyes, it sparkled with killing intent.
“I am not afraid of this kind of tactic. I believe that three thousand beasts will not be an issue for me, not to mention hundreds of them. I will never even wear a frown.”
Jiang Chen said calmly, looking arrogant. Even Yu Huagan was astonished. How was it possible for Jiang Chen to fight against hundreds of Divine King Realm beasts? Even if Jiang Chen gained the upper hand against Dongbo Tianchi, it was impossible for him to win against Luo Binsi. It seemed like Jiang Chen had a slim chance of winning in this fight.
Hundreds of beasts instantly broke out from the stone wall. This scene made Dongbo Tianchi feel like being pricked with pins and needles, not to mention Yu Huagan. Luckily, he could see which way the wind was blowing, sized up the situation beforehand and made his stand with Prince Luo Binsi. Otherwise, he would be the one to die today. Dongbo Tianchi trembled with fear and congratulated himself on the narrow escape. It was a pity to see Feng Luojiang die miserably. He felt grateful that he did not compete against Jiang Chen. Or else, he would be the one who was killed by Jiang Chen.
Jiang Chen looked unmoved, remaining completely calm while facing hundreds of Ice Emperor wolves. Those Divine King Realm beasts were merely puppets, he believed that nothing would be left the moment he struck out a blow.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2722 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2723


Chapter 2723
A Sword Strike Overcome Everything
“I hope that you don’t disappoint me.”
Luo Binsi’s smile looked elegant. He could not wait to see Jiang Chen being torn apart by those monsters.
Roar……!
With Luo Binsi’s control, the hundreds of Divine King Realm monsters suddenly flooded over Jiang Chen.
“Sir!”
Yu Huagan was raging and he wanted to save Jiang Chen but he was busy dealing with Dongbo Tianchi. Hence, he did not have any chance to take action.
*Peng! Peng! Peng!*
Terrifying blasts came out from the monster crowd. Jiang Chen fought the monsters with his bare hands. Those Divine King Realm wolves were not able to withstand his strikes at all. The hundreds of them were all smashed by Jiang Chen effortlessly. Each of his palm strikes were unbeatable, they were able to kill all the living creatures within a hundred metres square. All of the monsters were killed. One could see how terrifying Jiang Chen was after his dragon transformation.
Yu Huagan was stunned and Dongbo Tianchi was dumbstruck. Even Luo Binsi stared at Jiang Chen unbelievably. He was like a War God who ruled over the world. His dreadful strength had overcome more than a hundred Divine King Realm monsters.
After less than five minutes, all of the wolves were turned into ashes by Jiang Chen’s attack. Even such a terrifying pact of monsters could not do anything against Jiang Chen. It’s undeniable that his strength was unbelievably formidable even though he was only a Half-step Divine King.
Jiang Chen did not get any hurt at all and he stood at the top of the mountain.
“Sir’s mightiness is unparalleled!”
Yu Huagan said sincerely. He had no regrets left in his lifetime after witnessing Jiang Chen’s dreadfulness.
“Great! Well done, well done. Good guy, you have really impressed me. However, you also completely provoked my anger.”
Luo Binsi was angry but he still laughed. He was provoked at how more than a hundred monsters were buried by Jiang Chen. However, Jiang Chen was indeed like an invincible War God and even a Mid-Divine King might not be able to withstand his thunderous strikes. Even though his monsters were formidable, they still failed to deal with Jiang Chen’s palm.
“I am going to show you what a real pack of wolves is.”
Luo Binsi did not believe that Jiang Chen would manage this time. He moved his palm. Another five hundred Divine King wolves came out from the surrounding crags. Hundreds of wolves crashed towards Jiang Chen. Their blue eyes gave out radiance, brightening up the entire place.
“I am going to see how you’re going to compete with me this time!”
Luo Binsi had already announced Jiang Chen’s death. Even a Half-step Hierarch would not take it easily. Moreover, Jiang Chen’s strength was quite limited and his stamina would definitely be used up. He would definitely die out of exhaustion.
“Sir, can you make it while facing so many wolves?”
Yu Huagan murmured while handling Dongbo Tianchi’s attack. He knew that Jiang Chen’s strength was unusual and he had a lot of tricks behind. However, there were still too many enemies now compared to before. Such terrifying mightiness was indeed frightening.
They would use up Jiang Chen’s strength and then kill him.
“Haha, as long as this guy dies, you would be the next. You shall know the consequence of going against the prince of the Wolf Clan. I thought you knew the dreadfulness of our clan and would come to stand along with us. Who knew that you were so stubborn? It’s quite disappointing. Feng Luojiang had already died, so the Liaobei Region will belong to me soon. The prince would definitely give me supreme glory too. Hahaha.”
Dongbo Tianchi was thrilled. As long as the ignorant kid and Yu Huagan died, he would be the king of the Liaobei Region. Even though he would still need to submit to the prince, he would still enjoy the glory by being under one person above ten thousand people.
“What is the difference between killing one and killing a hundred thousand people? It’s like killing one rubbish and a hundred thousand rubbish.”
Jiang Chen was composed and not afraid at all, even in the face of five hundred Divine King Realm wolves.
“Who can stop me from being carefree?”
Jiang Chen stepped into the pack of wolves with the Heavenly Dragon Sword in his hand. His sword shone brightly as its soul had already been awakened, it was no longer the same as it was in the past. It was extraordinary despite being only a Heavenly Divine Tool.
The monster pack suddenly engulfed Jiang Chen, but he remained unbeatable . Each of his sword strikes could kill more than ten of them. If these still had blood in their body, the place would have already become a bloody river.
“I don’t believe that you could overcome all of them!”
Luo Binsi said while gritting his teeth. He finally found things difficult. He could not see Jiang Chen inside the wave of monsters. However, he wasn’t relieved as long as he saw monsters continue disappearing.
Apparently, Jiang Chen seemed to have already achieved an extraordinary realm. Each of his actions managed to kill ten; he was invincible.
“All of you are rubbish! Just disappear!”
Jiang Chen’s sword light broke through the entire place. There were only two hundred wolves left now.
“It’s impossible…”
Luo Binsi murmured. Even though he did not believe what he had seen, five hundred monsters had already been turned into ashes. This was the fact. It was like a Divine Emperor had arrived. Jiang Chen’s mightiness and aura was indeed overbearing. Is this the aura a Half-step Divine King has? Is this the battle strength that a Half-step Divine King has?
Luo Binsi asked himself. Even if he was Jiang Chen, he would not be so relaxed to overcome the situation. The hand inside Jiang Chen’s was too terrifying which would terrified Luo Binsi. It was too strong. Jiang Chen’s strength mostly came from that sword. That was the assumption he made.
“It’s… a miracle.”
Yu Huagan could not believe it. Jiang Chen once again impressed him.
“Summon another three thousand of them. Let’s see how I am going to massacre your Wolf Clan .”
Jiang Chen smiled coldly and said while staring at Luo Binsi who was clearly outraged. It was undeniable that Jiang Chen’s strength had made Luo Sibin startled. Although they had not started any battle, everyone could sense that Jiang Chen’s aura had already won against Luo Sibin’s. Jiang Chen’s overbearing and unbeatable manner had already overcome Luo Sibin, Yu Huagan and Dongbo Tianchi.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2723 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2724


Chapter 2724
Body Like a Weapon
“Don’t be too happy now. You have to go through me first before saying anything.”
Luo Binsi said faintly.
Luo Binsi looked calm and composed. He actually planned to give real bodies to his army after they planted the Soul Leaving Curse. However, he never foresaw that Jiang Chen would kill one fifth of them. Why would Luo Binsi not be triggered?
Unfortunately, it was already too late. Jiang Chen, a Half-step Divine King, had really surprised him very much. The Heavenly Dragon Sword in Jiang Chen’s hand really intrigued him. If he could get that sword, even a Half-step Hierarch would need to submit to him. The Heavenly Dragon Sword was clearly superior compared to any Origin Divine Tool.
“I think so. How can I overcome you if I don’t defeat you?”
Jiang Chen smiled. Luo Binsi was a huge cake to Jiang Chen. The Divine Origin Essence in his body was more powerful than any Supreme Grade Divine Origin Stones. They were both aiming for the things they wanted to get from each other.
“You managed to push me to take action by myself. Even if you die, you should feel proud.”
Luo Binsi didn’t really care about Jiang Chen’s strength. Even though Jiang Chen was able to kill six hundred monsters, does he have superior power to go against nature? Obviously, the answer was no. Although Luo Binsi was impressed by Jiang Chen who had overcome the pack of wolves. Jiang Chen’s cultivation realm was still incomparable to his, however. How could a Half-step Divine King be that arrogant?
Luo Binsi knew that he must take action himself. He didn’t want to see more and more monsters being sacrificed meaninglessly. He wanted these wolves to help him unify the world so he couldn’t let all of them die here.
“Alright, let me see how much strength you have.”
Jiang Chen remained unmoved, pointing his sword towards Luo Binsi. Intense battling intent erupted between them, and the aura in the entire arena became extremely pressuring.
“You are going to die in peace. My Myriad Qi is waiting for me. Haha the Heavens is helping me, and soon I will break through to the Emperor Realm.”
Luo Binsi’s eyes gave off an essence and he turned into a blue ray of light, crashing against Jiang Chen.
Jiang Chen’s eye stared intensely at Luo Binsi. Luo Binsi then approached his sword without any hesitation. Their fight made the entire arena shake intensely.
Luo Binsi’s overbearing manner spread across the entire place and a blue shadow shuttled through the void. His terrifying attack made Jiang Chen withdraw a few steps backwards. One should know that Luo Binsi’s strength had already reached the Late Divine King Realm. Moreover, he was an ancient monster. Although the members of the Wolf Clan were really not a truly ferocious beast, they were not normal monsters as well.
“Interesting.” Luo Binsi said coldly.
Their figures wrestled fiercely. Luo Binsi’s way of attacking was also unusually terrifying. A monster’s way of attacking would normally not be weak because their body was much stronger than a human’s body. That was why using the body to fight with them was a foolish method.
But Jiang Chen did not care. Since Luo Binsi decided to fight using his body strength, he was going to do the same. He kept his Heavenly Dragon Sword and fought with his bare hands. Jiang Chen’s killing intent was high and he even carried a faint smile on his face.
“You’re really confident.”
Luo Sibin sneered as Jiang Chen chose to fight with bare hands. It’s really a stupid method to put oneself in shame. Although Jiang Chen could defeat more than hundreds of monsters, that did not mean that Jiang Chen could defeat him with his bare hands.
Jiang Chen remained silent and did not respond. The dreadful power of both sides had caused huge shocks to the heavens and earth. With the Divine Origin Strength, their strikes were incredibly strong and incomparable to those normal palm strikes.
Both Luo Binsi and Jiang Chen fought without any hesitation. Jiang Chen was very confident in his own defence. But how could Luo Binsi lose the upper hand? He possessed the royal blood of his Wolf Clan. His attack and defense were both invincible.
Luo Binsi kicked out a strike with shocking speed but Jiang Chen took a step back while launching out a strong blow that landed on Luo Binsi’s foot. Luo Binsi could feel the pain immediately. How fierce was this guy’s palm strike? It was even more powerful than his foot and his foot was injured now.
Luo Binsi immediately took the initiative to attack again. Not to be outdone, Jiang Chen continued his fight as he was never afraid of anyone before.
“Azure Wolf Strike!”
Luo Binsi turned his palm into a claw, and launched a strong blow against Jiang Chen with lightning speed. Even the void was left with some crack by the attack as Luo Binsi finally showed his true colour.
“Divine Golden Bell, God Sealing Prohibition!”
Jiang Chen casted the Divine Golden Bell to protect himself. Luo Binsi’s attack failed and he was even sent flying backwards. Jiang Chen did not show any mercy at all. His Divine Golden Bell had already brought Luo Binsi a lot of pain. A mouthful of blood spurted out from Luo Binsi’s mouth. His blue blood showed his anger.
“You shouldn’t have injured me. Now, I have decided to tear you apart!”
Luo Binsi roared in a deep voice. He crawled on the ground and turned into a huge blue wolf. His eyes and teeth were sharp while his body released an intense cold qi.
“What a dreadful qi!”
Yu Huagan’s countenance fell. They were both Late Divine King experts, however, he knew that he would not have any strength to counterattack if he stood in front of Luo Binsi. This guy was indeed someone from the royal family of his clan.
After Luo Binsi turned into his original form, his strength was greatly enhanced. However, Jiang Chen remained arrogant despite Luo Binsi’s transformation.
“A wild wolf dares to call himself a royal? Haha! It’s so funny. I will let you see what a true dragon’s mightiness is!”
Jiang Chen immediately turned into his dragon form and his strength had also reached great heights. His defense and attack increased two times. His body was like a weapon now and he definitely was an overlord among monsters.
“You really don’t know what death is. Roar..….”
Luo Binsi roared outrageously. He broke through the space above Jiang Chen’s head and started a mad attack with all of his claws.
Jiang Chen was not reckless and dared not dawdle, wrestling with Luo Binsi. He looked weaker under Luo Binsi’s giant wolf figure. It seemed like Luo Binsi could eat him up anytime.
However, Jiang Chen was not worried at all, and he even came closer to Luo Binsi with mad strength sweeping across the entire place. Although there was a huge contrast in their size, Jiang Chen, who was like an unparalleled War God was not afraid at all. Both of them seem neck-and-neck in the battle.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2724 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2725


Chapter 2725
Pulled Out the Wolf Tooth
]
“Roar……”
Luo Binsi roared again to release the anger inside his heart. He could not believe that he and Jiang Chen would be neck-and-neck in the battle. Although he had already reverted back into his original wolf form, he still was not able to gain the upper hand in the battle. How was Jiang Chen able to do so? Even Luo Binsi could not help but feel astonished. Was he made of iron? I have the body of an azure wolf and only Divine Beast could withstand my attack. Does this half-man half-dragon guy have a Divine Beast bloodline?
“So what even if you could fight me? The Divine Origin Qi in your body has already been mostly consumed and you won’t get any supply from the heavens and earth right now. You keep pumping out your strength without intaking any. Let’s see how you are going to fight me now.”
Luo Binsi smiled and said coldly. His strength was unlimited because he just ate a mountain of Supreme Grade Divine Origin Stones essence.
“It won’t take me too long to overcome you.”
Jiang Chen could feel that the Divine Origin Qi in his body had already recovered by fifty percent. It’s true that he would not get any advantage if the battle continued like this. Jiang Chen smiled coldy. Do you think that I’m just holding more than a thousand Energy Recovery Pills for fun? Jiang Chen took another three Energy Recovery Pills and his strength immediately recovered.
“I am going to see how many Energy Recovery Pills you can eat.”
Luo Binsi once again wrestled with Jiang Chen. This time, Jiang Chen seemed to have a god help him in the battle due to his unparalleled mightiness. Jiang Chen’s step was like shooting a star while wrestling with Luo Binsi. Luo Binsi’ enormous wolf head soared up to the sky and started attacking Jiang Chen.
Jiang Chen’s eyes looked ruthless as he stretched out his hand to grab Luo Sibin’s wolf tooth fiercely. Jiang Chen roared loudly with all of his strength!
Despite his enormous body, Luo Sibin’s wolf tooth was still unexpectedly pulled out by Jiang Chen.
Yu Huagan and Dongbo Tianchi stopped their battle at this moment and exchanged a glance.
“They’re so monstrous!”
Dongbo Tianchi did not expect Jiang Chen to be this overbearing and dreadful. Is there any difference between him and a War God? Even the tooth of the prince of the Wolf Clan was pulled out by him, a mere Half-step Divine King. It’s a shame to Luo Binsi.
However, Luo Binsi couldn’t stop to take a breath in the battle. He was under Jiang Chen’s continuous attack and was being thrown on the ground. A huge deep pit was left by the force from Jiang Chen. Although Luo Binsi’s body was strong, he actually found it very hard to sustain as even his tooth was pulled out.
Jiang Chen held the huge tooth in his hand and looked at Luo Binsi coldly. Luo Binsi was grasping for breath while his eyes still looked extremely cold as he stared at Jiang Chen.
“How? You don’t feel resigned? Let’s continue then.”
Jiang Chen stood there and looked at Luo Binsi with pride.
“It’s the dignity of the Wolf Clan. No one must invade it! You have completely provoked me.”
One could imagine how much shame Luo Binsi was suffering right now after his tooth was pulled out. Who can bear it? Moreover, he was the highest prince of his clan. Although he was the only one from his clan left alive.
It’s his territory, could he allow others to bully him like this? Obviously, Luo Binsi would not let this go.
Luo Binsi stood up again. However, this time his body was full of crystals. Each of the crystals was incomparably hard, dazzling and sharp.
“Is this the real Wolf Clan?”
Jiang Chen said and smiled.
“You’re going to see my Ice Wolf body.”
Luo Binsi jumped and crashed towards Jiang Chen using his body that was covered with a terrifying ice crystal. He was like a hedgehog.
“Haha, it’s interesting. Interesting. Even a hedgehog wants to be a wolf?”
Before Jiang Chen’s laughter ended, Luo Binsi had already appeared beside him with his sharp spines. Jiang Chen could not be reckless when dealing with this ice wolf body as Luo Binsi’s attack and defense had been boosted.
Jiang Chen and Luo Binsi collided again. Jiang Chen started feeling a bit pressured now.
“Are you really going to fight me at the cost of your life now? You’re going to regret it.” Jiang Chen murmured.
Lou Binsi’s ice wolf body was indeed quite terrifying, however Jiang Chen was someone who wasn’t afraid of death. Jiang Chen dealt with the coming attack with his utmost effort. Each of his steps released intense killing intent!
Jiang Chen’s palm was full of blood but Luo Binsi suffered the same kind of injury as his body was under constant attack. His ice wolf body seemed to be even more fragile as they were covered with crystal. He was badly injured after Jiang Chen’s unstoppable attack.
“You’re a lunatic, even if you want to die, don’t pull me into the same pool.”
Luo Binsi was fully angered. Jiang Chen did not care about his own injury and ate another two Energy Recovery Pills. He fought at the cost of his life, and this had indeed frightened Luo Binsi.
“Since you want to play this game with me, I am going to play with you nicely. Let’s have fun.”
Jiang Chen burst into laughter. Jiang Chen was actually severely injured. Even the Wood Spirit could not help him recover his strength without the spiritual air between heaven and earth. However, the Myriad Qi was still able to keep healing his body. Even though his strength was not fully recovered, the Energy Recovery Pills would be able to sustain him to continue fighting Luo Binsi for another three hundred rounds. That was why Jiang Chen was not tired at all.
“Get out of here!”
This time, Luo Binsi started running around crazily as they had both suffered severe injuries. However, Jiang Chen still decided to fight Luo Binsi at the cost of his life. Luo Binsi finally knew what a lunatic looked like.
They were both seriously injured now, however, Jiang Chen did not expect that Luo Binsi would have such a speedy recovery. Although it was not as fast as his, Luo Binsi was still full of Divine Origin essence. Jiang Chen dared not to be reckless and underestimate Luo Binsi.
Right now, Yu Huagan and Dongbo Tianchi were also injured badly. Yu Huagan did not expect Dongbo Tianchi’s strength to be enhanced by Luo Binsi forcefully, as the latter was able to sustain himself so long in the battle. He had just broken through just a while ago, that was why he actually found the battle very challenging.
“Bastard, you’re a lunatic. Enough!”
Luo Binsi launched a strike against Jiang Chen, and finally transformed into his human form. He withdrew himself nervously and looked extremely pale and distressed. He no longer looked handsome and charming but was like a defeated rooster.
“You’re no match for me.”
Jiang Chen said peacefully. Luo Binsi was not a match to him now. As his ice wolf body was broken by Jiang Chen completely, he did not dare to fight Jiang Chen anymore.
“You’re too self-conceited. Jiang Chen, my Wolf Clan is not what you had imagined. This Ancient Dragon Sacrificial Altar would be the best place for you to pass away.” Luo Binsi said coldly.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2725 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2726


Chapter 2726
Ancient Dragon Sacrificial Altar, Activate!
=
Jiang Chen squinted his eyes and glanced upon the sixteen Divine Burying Flags on the Ancient Dragon Sacrificial Altar, he couldn’t help but be alarmed by it. This fella… Can he still activate the altar?
“Why? Afraid? Hahaha, The Ancient Dragon Sacrificial Altar gathers the luck and qi of the environment, the sixteen Divine Burying Flags forms the altar. Nobody was able to get away from it ever since, not even an Emperor expert!”
Lou Binsi’s confidence came from his understanding towards the Ancient Dragon Sacrificial Altar. Because the Great Ancestor of his clan who set up this Sacrificial Altar was an Emperor Realm Expert. According to the Great Ancestor, this altar was set up in order to pray to the heavens, and no one was able to decipher it. It could move the world and only the descendants of the Wolf Clan could activate it.
“Afraid? Hehe, in my dictionary, there’s no such words. Ancient Dragon Sacrificial Altar, so what? Sixteen Divine Burying Flags, so what? Could you activate the formation and seal me within it?” Jiang Chen sneered.
“You’re right, as a matter of fact, my clan could activate this Ancient Dragon Sacrificial Altar. Let’s see if you can break my altar, hahaha!” Lou Binsi was extremely confident.
The Ancient Dragon Sacrificial Altar was set up by an Emperor Realm expert. A Half-Step Divine King like Jiang Chen couldn’t hope of overcoming it. Today, Lou Binsi would use half of his blood-essence to subdue Jiang Chen within it!
Lou Binsi made a cut on his finger and blood dripped upon the Ancient Dragon Sacrificial Altar. The blue-blood flowed across the altar and the whole plaza started to tremble. The Sixteen Divine Burying Flags started to flap vigorously. Jiang Chen knew that those sixteen flags were the base of that terrifying formation. The Ancient Dragon Sacrificial Altar was built upon the dragon vein qi that was absorbed for countless years and Lou Binsi’s strength was built upon this.
“Ancient Dragon Sacrificial Altar, activate!”
Lou Binsi and the Ancient Dragon Sacrificial Altar were interconnected. From Jiang Chen’s understanding, this Lou Binsi was born from the Ancient Dragon Sacrificial Altar. The flags were starting to shake, the altar was on the verge of activating.
“Sh*t!” Jiang Chen’s expression changed drastically.
On the Ancient Dragon Sacrificial Altar, the Sixteen Divine Burying Flags became a giant blue net, covering the whole plaza, Jiang Chen had no place to evade as he was caught by it.
The altar was on a complete lockdown. A terrifying sucking force was trying to suck Jiang Chen into the altar. The Ancient Dragon Sacrificial Altar was as powerful as the No-Beginning Formation, and Jiang Chen could not break through it with his current strength.
“Those who were sucked into the Ancient Dragon Sacrificial Altar had all vanished without a doubt. You have to listen to me now that you’re in my territory.” Lou Binsi sneered.
Jiang Chen was trapped within the altar. Lou Binsi was pretty excited even though he had spent quite an amount of blood essence as it was worth it. It caused him a great deal of injury to activate the Ancient Dragon Sacrificial Altar.
A terrifying scene was playing before the altar. At this moment, Lou Binsi’s eyes became extremely cold, his blue pupil became blood red.
“This is? An image of the Ancient Dragon Sacrificial Altar?”
Jiang Chen was confused. The scenes played before the Sixteen Divine Burying Flags looked extremely real. Countless snowy mountains, countless dire wolves, the Ice Emperor’s Wolf Clan, running away, scattering, avalanches rolling down as mountains broke apart. A blurry image of a man wielding a staff came forth as it brought despair upon the countless clansmen of the Wolf Clan. Including other demonic beasts that lived within the mountains, none of them survived. Truly catastrophic.
“This is an image of the extinction of theWolf Clan?!” Jiang Chen was confused.
The Sixteen Divine Burying Flags of the Ancient Dragon Sacrificial Altar finally unleashed its energy, Jiang Chen was completely subdued by the Sixteen Divine Burying Flags. It’s powerful sucking force came from deep within the altar, placed by the ancestor of the Wolf Clan.
“Buddha’s Radiance!”
Jiang Chen’s Buddha’s Radiance could not do anything against the Sixteen Divine Burying Flags. Although Buddha’s Radiance was the bane of all evil things, it’s useless when it hasn’t reached a greater realm. Although those Sixteen Divine Burying Flags were already in tatters, the energy created on the Ancient Dragon Sacrificial Altar was extremely powerful, Jiang Chen’s body was on the verge of breaking apart.
Jiang Chen was continuously pushed back by the powerful cursed wind blades. The Ancient Dragon Sacrificial Altar was like a cage and the eight-trigrams in the middle of the Ancient Dragon Sacrificial Altar pulled and devoured him. Jiang Chen couldn’t do anything at the moment.
Jiang Chen was prudent but was still getting cornered nonetheless. He summoned the Heavenly Dragon Sword and Heavenly Dragon Battle Armour but the two were barely enough. The sixteen Divine Burying Flags were impressive and powerful. The Ancient Dragon Sacrificial Altar had also sucked in countless years worth of dragon qi from this underground vein, becoming an extremely great formation.
Jiang Chen still managed to stop them, albeit temporarily. Although still not enough to subdue the sixteen flags, they’re still Origin Divine Tools.
“My situation will get worse if this continues.” Jiang Chen frowned.
As he was trapped within the Ancient Dragon Sacrificial Altar, that devouring force continued to devour his divine origin energy.
“You’ve guessed correctly. That was when our clan faced extinction. Pity… my ancestors, three Emperor Realm experts were all subdued. The clan was originally the largest demonic beast clan in the Lone Dragon County, possessing such brilliance, and dominance. However, they were framed by despicable men, causing my clan to face extinction. The Wolf Clan would’ve really gone into extinction if it weren’t for our ancestors using everything they had with the lives of countless clansmen to save me with the Ancient Dragon Sacrificial Altar. The Heavens must’ve given me a chance to rebuild my glorious clan by letting me live. My Wolf Clan shall reign supreme on this land, in this world. I will destroy the ones who caused such catastrophe upon my clan. This vengeance must be paid in blood!” Lou Binsi said while gritting his teeth.
That hatred had seeped to his spine, he could never forget the tragic scene when his clan was destroyed. The Ancient Dragon Sacrificial Altar made him what he was and the three ancestors used up everything they had to save the last bloodline of the clan.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2726 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2727


The Three Great Royal Protector Clans
“That figure… It’s my clan’s ancestor! No, not the ancestor, it’s the protector!” Yu Huagan said, shocked.
That figure with a staff was recognised by Huagan because that person looked exactly the same as that one painting in the Yu Estate.
“Yu Clan. Hmph, if it wasn’t for the Yu Clan spilling our secrets, our Wolf Clan wouldn’t have faced such an end!” Luo Binsi roared furiously, as if he had a great hatred towards the Yu Clan.
Yu Huagan was stunned. He did not know what Luo Binsi was talking about.
“My clan wouldn’t have faced extinction if Yu Clan was willing to pledge their allegiance towards us! Moreover, you framed us in front of the Snow Emperor and caused us to be destroyed by the Snow Emperor. Shouldn’t you guys bear this debt?”
“Were you also subordinates of the Snow Emperor?”
Yu Huagan finally remembered that the family was consecrating towards the Snow Emperor—once a powerful man that was even famous in the Northern Cold Divine Region. One of the most respected Emperor experts in the past.
“You guys are the slaves of the Snow Emperor, his dogs. There was one time in the past that the Snow Emperor lost a battle and no news could be heard from him, whether he’s alive or dead is unknown. It was the greatest opportunity for our clan to rise and become one of the most prominent clans of the time. It’s a pity that we didn’t manage to get our hands on the Snow Emperor’s Cold Ice Throne. Otherwise, you guys would’ve become dust! A heavily injured and dying man, didn’t Snow Emperor still die in the end? One of the three great royal protector clans, the Yu Clan has dwindled to this extent. Hahaha, not having a single Hierarch expert. You guys have tarnished the honour of your past ancestors. The Snow Emperor does not have what it takes to become our clan’s leader. The Royal Protector Clans is also a joke. That madman is inhuman, causing the extinction of my clan.” Luo Binsi said coldly as his eyes widened.
“Cold Ice Throne?” Jiang Chen frowned.
Is the Cold Ice Throne the one that they’re talking about? Snow Emperor? Could it be the Destruction Ice God?
“Snow Emperor, the once great hero of the land is not someone that could be sullied by the likes of you. My Yu Clan does not allow such blasphemy towards the Snow Emperor. The Snow Emperor wouldn’t have destroyed the Wolf Clan if it weren’t for your betrayal. This is karma.” Yu Huagan was fearless although he was hurt badly.
“Hahaha, this is hilarious. Your clan has protected the Snow Emperor for generations, yet look at how far you’ve fallen? The age of the Snow Emperor has long passed, my clan shall reign supreme in Liao Bei. In the Northern Cold Divine Region!”
Luo Binsi totally looked down upon Jiang Chen and Yu Huagan as he thought of himself as an omniscient king.
Jiang Chen activated the broken Eastern Emperor Bell and managed to steady his form and body, preventing himself from being devoured completely.
“Despicable Yu Clan, you dare compare my clan against yours?! Die.”
Luo Binsi threw a punch and Yu Huagan got pushed back to the point of almost dying.
“Sir, I’m sorry, my Yu Family has gotten you into this.”
Jiang Chen’s eyes became cold. He could not face Yu Jingxian if Yu Huagan were to die.
However, he could not get through this altar and decipher this formation.
“The blade that can split the sun and moon—Heavenly Dragon Sword!” Jiang Chen took in a deep breath.
“Use everything I have, the soul of Heavenly Dragon Sword, break through!”
Jiang Chen’s eyes became firm as the Heavenly Dragon Sword gave out a dragon roar, the blade was covered by a terrifying dragon soul and pierced through its shackle.
Who can stand before the might of this sword?
The soul of the blade is the dragon soul but it is formed from the vessel itself not by the Ancestral Dragon nor the Dragon Clan. The soul of the Heavenly Dragon Sword had not fully awakened previously but now, finally, it’s completely awakened after breaking through the shackle.
The ringing of the blade lingered as the dragon roars.
The Heavenly Dragon Sword rose like a shooting star. The sixteen Divine Burying Flags’ mighty wind-blades were all crushed by his trusted blade. Luo Binsi lost control of the Ancient Dragon Sacrificial Altar and he coughed out a mouthful of blood. He did not expect Jiang Chen to break through the Ancient Dragon Sacrificial Altar, the backlash he received was heavy.
Jiang Chen looked at the Heavenly Dragon Sword with surprise, it did not disappoint him, albeit it spent all of his energy. The sword-soul was definitely out of his expectation.
Jiang Chen burst through the Ancient Dragon Sacrificial Altar with a heavy price. Both of them were terribly injured compared to how they were earlier.
“Hahaha, Wolf Clan, I’ve finally found you, to think there is still one of them existing under the heavens?” A loud melodical laugh reverberated through the plaza.
Luo Binsi and Jiang Chen paused. A mysterious man suddenly walked out from the darkness, the colour of his skin was somewhat dark. He’s wearing a cocky expression, and his eyes were shining as if he had found a great treasure.
His look was kinda confusing, his arm was filled with various bangles, pretty eye-catching.
Jiang Chen and Luo Binsi, both of them stared at the weird guy.
“Who are you?” Luo Binsi asked.
He was currently injured and the sudden appearance of the guy gave him quite a shock.
“Who am I is of no importance. You did not notice that someone is lurking behind you, I have to say… the Wolf Clan is pretty stupid. No wonder they got destroyed. Everything happens for a reason, my name is Yu Tian Feng. A Myriad Qi body and another one with Divine Origin Essence body. This trip is exceptionally fruitful. Hot damn! I get nervous just thinking about it.” Yu Tianfeng smilingly said.
“Looks like it’s one of those vultures. Treasures hanging out on his body, pretty catchy, doing things that others don’t… showing off all his treasures. ”
Jiang Chen secretly chuckled. Looks like this fella is powerful too. I didn’t even notice his presence until now. He’s pretty good at being stealthy… strong…
“Wolf Clan, Ninth Generation Yu Clan, three Great Royal Protector Clans, how can you miss out my Imperial Beast Clan? You guys are just Snow Emperor’s subordinates, you’ve finally recognised your position. My Imperial Beast Clan are the ones that should be leading all the demonic beasts!” Yu Tianfeng said coldly.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2727 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2728


Chapter 2728
Take Control Upon All Demonic Beasts, Obey!
Imperial Beast Clan?
Not just Yu Huagan, even Luo Binsi was pretty shocked. The Imperial Beast Clan, they came to join in the fray. The situation was getting out of control.
The Imperial Beast Clan, the Yu Clan, Wolf Clan, were regarded as the three great Royal Protector Clans of the ancient Northern Cold Divine Region. Perhaps not many know of them but the Snow Emperor’s name was famous. These three clans were his protectors, the royal guards. The disappearance of the emperor caused the three clans to break off from one another. The Imperial Beast Clan went to Liao Bei and the Wolf Clan tried to steal the throne and the Yu Clan guarded it with their lives.
The Imperial Beast Clan was one of the most mysterious clans in the world, different from the Wolf Clan and Yu Clan. They’re not demonic beasts but humans. The Yu Clan has also shed away their demonic beasts form and got married with humans, only the wolves were the only ones with demonic beats bloodline.
“The Imperial Beast Clan has long since left Liao Bei, are you guys trying to come back now?” Luo Binsi said coldly as he looked at Yu Tianfeng.
The fella was strong…
“Hehe, that’s a tricky question, Liao Bei is my clan’s homeland. What do you mean by coming back? You, the wolves, are trying to conquer this place, right? But you’re the only one left, it looks like you guys are really going to be extinct. Haha. ” Yu Tianfeng’s laughter became much brighter as if he was the true winner.
“The three great clans and the Imperial Beast Clan are the strongest. Liao Bei is now a weak place. Yu Clan being weak and you’re the only one left, what do you guys have to fight back? Trying to regain your past glory alone? Keep dreaming, hahaha, even your trusted Ancient Dragon Sacrificial Altar got broken by others, truly pitiful.” Yu Tianfeng smacked his lips and said in a sarcastic tone, causing Luo Binsi to boil in anger.
“You would’ve acted earlier if you’re not afraid of the Ancient Dragon Sacrificial Altar! Hmph, trying to talk sh*t now, shameless!” Luo Binsi said coldly as his body shivered with battle intent and anger.
“Haha, you’re right, I’m pretty impressed by this little brother here. To cut through the Ancient Dragon Sacrificial Altar using only a single sword and while in the Half-Step Divine King Realm. Not even a Hierarch could get away from there. Truly, the wielder of the Myriad Qi Body. However, both of you are weak now, it’s time for me to shine.” Yu Tianfeng said.
Nobody expected this situation. The existence of the Imperial Beast Clan has long gone from the memories of the men, no one had expected the clan that had been missing for millions of years to appear once again. Yu Huagan did not expect it as many records of theirs have been lost after so long. It would be bad for them if they knew too many secrets with their weak strength.
“A great ploy. We’re fighting that hard over here and you’re coming out just to reap the rewards.” Jiang Chen smiled.
“Non… non… I’m just lucky and you guys are just fools! Hahaha.” Yu Tianfeng said confidently, seeing the others as a bunch of insects to be slaughtered.
“Unimaginable, Myriad Qi Body, Divine Origin Body, I should achieve a great breakthrough after I get you both. I will certainly reach the Emperor Realm within a hundred years. Lesser and lesser Emperor Realm experts walked upon this land. I’ll reign supreme upon the Northern Cold Divine Region, Central Region Divine Land once I reach the Emperor Realm!” Yu Tianfeng said.
“Don’t forget, Yu Tianfeng, I still have an army of 2000 Divine King wolves, it’s too early for you to be happy.” Luo Binsi waved his arm.
Although he wasn’t as strong as before, he’ll be able to recover his strength with those 2000 beasts buying some time for him. Hence, there’s no reason for him to be afraid of Yu Tianfeng.
Instantly, thousands of Divine King puppet beasts rushed towardsYu Tianfeng.
Not even Yu Tianfeng could take that horde head on.
“Damned fella, you’re one stubborn cockroach. Still resilient as ever even though you guys are dead for so long.”
Yu Tianfeng dared not to belittle his enemies and he faced the horde seriously.
“Not even a Half-Step Hierarch could take them on.” Luo Binsi said confidently.
However, Jiang Chen saw Yu Tianfeng was confident as if he’s prepared.
“Haha, puppet demonic beasts? They’re still beasts nonetheless. Don’t forget that my Imperial Beast Clan has techniques that could control all the demonic beasts under the heavens. Let’s see how many of them can withstand this Imperial Beast Ring of mine!” Yu Tianfeng laughed.
There were too many beasts and he had to use many of these rings to take control of the situation.
Yu Tianfeng took out hundreds of rings and swiftly evaded all their attacks with seriousness.
“Imperial Beast Ring! Take control upon all demonic beasts, obey!”
Hundreds of demonic beasts were bound after he released all those rings. Each of those rings could bound 3 – 5 beasts, yet it wasn’t enough. A fifth of the demonic beasts were bound but the rest of them kept on attacking, his expression began to gloom.
“Diamond Imperial Beast Bracelet!”
Yu Tianfeng attacked once again but got pushed back as he got injured by a dozen beasts.
The Diamond Imperial Beast Bracelet enlarged itself and covered the whole plaza, the blueish light within the eyes of the beasts faded and was replaced by madness.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2728 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2729


Chapter 2729
Heart of Frost
A thousand more beasts got bound by the Diamond Imperial Beast Bracelet. Currently, only a few hundred beasts were left on the plaza, Yu Tianfeng then attacked with his bracelet and shattered a dozen beasts with every strike he threw.
“This Diamond Imperial Beast Bracelet is probably a Origin Divine Tool.” Jiang Chen guessed.
This fella is pretty scary, worthy of being the successor of the Imperial Beast Clan, definitely on-par against the Wolf Clan, the one that declined the most is the Yu Clan.
Yu Huagan couldn’t help but sigh. He was extremely weak compared to these two, he had thoroughly tarnished the name of their ancestors.
“These guys died a worthy death under my Diamond Imperial Beast Bracelet as Hierarch Realm beasts would even fear me.” Yu Tianfeng said confidently and calmly.
He wouldn’t dare to face a Hierarch Realm directly but he’s well-versed in the art of beast control and the Imperial Beast Clan Diamond was a weapon that overpowers all demonic beasts.
In an instant, Yu Tianfeng killed and trapped more than two thousand demonic beasts. Luo Binsi was stunned, he did not expect for such a dramatic end. To think his army was this weak?! Both Yu Tianfeng and Jiang Chen managed to defeat him. Luo Binsi’s pride was hurt. Was his Wolf Clan fated to fall?
Luo Binsi’s puppets weren’t weak but Yu Tianfeng was his bane, his clan specialised in controlling beasts, all beasts would be weakened by 30%.
“Hand over the Heart of Frost when I’m still being nice!” Yu Tianfeng shouted at Luo Binsi.
“Heart of Frost?” Jiang Chen said.
To think that the Wolf Clan had hidden that well, this Heart of Frost must be connected to the Snow Emperor.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about.” Luo Binsi replied.
“You don’t know what I’m talking about? Hahaha, this is hilarious, you guys stole the Snow Emperor’s favourite treasures, the Cold Ice Throne and Heart of Frost, everyone knows that. Otherwise, the Snow Emperor wouldn’t be furious about it, you think I’m stupid? Without the Heart of Frost, you wouldn’t have lived to this day no matter how powerful the Ancient Dragon Sacrificial Altar is. Haha keep your bullsh*t, the Heart of Frost must be here!” Yu Tianfeng said.
He believed that Luo Binsi had the Heart of Frost.
“Heart of Frost is the Snow Emperor’s supreme treasure, how could I have it? The Cold Ice Throne was taken back by the Snow Emperor. Don’t you dare slander me. I will not be framed by you. I’ll fight to the death.” Luo Binsi declared.
“Hmph! Let’s see how long you’re going to act. The Heart of Frost shall be mine! And you, I’ll slowly refine you and pave my path to the great dao.” Yu Tianfeng took a step forward and released his aura.
Luo Binsi readied his stance as he faced this powerful foe.
Yu Tianfeng and Luo Binsi’s battle was pretty intense, yet Jiang Chen’s gaze was fixed upon the sixteen Divine Burying Flags. Those Divine Burying Flags could become a great killing machine when placed in a formation. Under the Ancient Dragon Sacrificial Altar, the Divine Burying Flags had gone through an extreme change.
Jiang Chen wanted the sixteen of them the most.
“Heart of Frost. Do you know what it is?” Jiang Chen looked at Yu Huagan and asked.
Yu Huagan shook his head and was troubled by it, as he had no idea that his clan was one of the royal guards of the Snow Emperor. The destroyed Wolf Clan and the Imperial Beast Clan who had long since left Liao Bei, they’re experts with extreme power yet his clan couldn’t even measure up to them.
“Then, I’ll just take these Divine Burying Flags first.” Jiang Chen thought.
When Yu Tianfeng and Luo Binsi were fighting furiously, he took those Divine Burying Flags for himself without holding back.
The whole Ancient Dragon Sacrificial Altar began to tremble and Jiang Chen ignored as he kept all sixteen Divine Burying Flags away.
“Sir, you’re keeping those broken flags? I have a dozen of them in my clan’s vault and it’s just sitting at the corner. I would’ve thrown it away if it wasn’t left behind by the ancestors. Please, take it if you like it, if we manage to get away from this god forsaken place.” Yu Huagan said.
Jiang Chen almost coughed blood. What? You still have a dozen of these? Even tried to throw it away? You’re wasting a great treasure! Yu Huagan does not know the true worth of the Divine Burying Flag and its might.
“To think I’ve become a scavenger.” Jiang Chen rubbed his nose and chuckled bitterly.
At this moment, Yu Tianfeng and Luo Binsi fought hard against each other, without a clear victor. Jiang Chen dared not to take this lightly as he was prepared to reap the rewards between their battles.
“Diamond Imperial Beast Bracelet!”
“Ice Wolf body!”
The Diamond Imperial Beast Bracelet struck upon Luo Binsi’s body and the latter got pushed back.
“I’ve said it before, not even a Hierarch demonic beast dares to cause trouble in front of the Imperial Beast Clan, you’re not my match and the Diamond Imperial Beast Bracelet is your bane.” Yu Tianfeng said as he closed in towards Luo Binsi.
The latter evaded with all his might, Yu Tianfeng had gained the upper hand with the Diamond Imperial Beast Bracelet as it caused tremendous damage to the wolf.
“Ice Emperor Domain!” Luo Binsi’s blue eyes shone brightly.
Instantly, the whole plaza froze, a powerful cold wind engulfed the plaza. At this moment, Dongpo Tianchi froze to death.
Yu Huagan too was in danger and Jiang Chen grabbed his shoulder. Huagan immediately felt a great warmth being transferred into his body. Jiang Chen was like a giant furnace.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2729 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2730


Great Ice Wolf Emperor
“Ice Emperor Domain? The true technique of the Wolf Clan! That’s more like it.” Yu Tianfeng sneered.
The cold ice domain kept on expanding, eventually covering him. Luo Binsi’s technique allowed him to freeze the blood of his opponents, Dongpo Tianchi was a fine example.
“Taste the shackle of the Ice Emperor Domain!” Luo Binsi roared.
A terrible cold wind formed within the plaza, like a giant ice dragon cruising through the place.
“That’s more like it.”
Yu Tianfeng’s expression became cold as he retreated. This Ice Emperor Domain would cause his blood to freeze
“I will destroy everything you throw at me! Diamond Imperial Beast Bracelet, smash him!”
Yu Tianfeng threw out his divine tool and it shone brightly as it clashed against the giant ice dragon. The dragon was completely overpowered by the bracelet and was shattered layer by layer. The cold wind then dissipated and Luo Binsi was furiously attacked. The latter suffered blows after blows and was pushed back.
Yu Tianfeng stood proudly as he destroyed the Ice Emperor Domain. Luo Binsi’s expression became pale and his appearance was unsightly.
“Now, do you have any more cards to play? Hahaha.”
“You cannot kill me, I’m the sole successor of the Wolf Clan!”Luo Binsi instinctively backed off, he knew he didn’t have anything left.
“Oh? Give me a more valid reason.” Yu Tianfeng looked at Luo Binsi with a smile and curious eyes.
“We can join hands together and defeat the Yu Clan and you can reign supreme upon the Liao Bei Region.”
“Sorry, I do not have that kind of ambition, mere Liao Bei, I’m not interested in it. I want your body, that Divine Origin Essence, you must’ve devoured countless Supreme Grade Divine Origin Ores.” Yu Tianfeng shook his head and sighed, thinking that the prince’s body was the most perfect piece of art.
“Although I’ve devoured a great amount of ores, the most valuable thing here is the Heart of Frost, you should know it better than me. You’ll never get it if you devour me.” Luo Binsi said hysterically.
He’s not planning to let Yu Tianfeng have his way, otherwise he’ll be dead.
“Alright, how about this, I’ll let you live since you cannot be compared against the Heart of Frost.” Yu Tianfeng said after giving a thought.
“Deal!”
Luo Binsi slowly backed off and looked at Yu Tianfeng with caution.
“The Heart of Frost… is under the Ancient Dragon Sacrificial Altar.” Luo Binsi said, his eyes were shining brightly.
For the sake of his life and the legacy of the Wolf Clan, he will not yield.
Yu Tianfeng’s eyes were glittering. At this moment, the Ancient Dragon Sacrificial Altar started to crack and Jiang Chen silently observed it from the side.
“The Heart of Frost is mine. The Snow Emperor’s strongest technique, Ice Age, is activated through this Heart of Frost.” Yu Tianfeng said excitedly.
He then threw a palm strike upon the Ancient Dragon Sacrificial Altar and a blue light burst forth and threw him backwards. He suffered a heavy blow from it even though he was prepared.
“Emperor Realm… Soul?” Yu Tianfeng gasped.
Jiang Chen squinted his eyes and silently looked at the illusory blue figure. The soul of an Emperor Realm expert? Strong! Totally different from those from the Divine Tomb!
“Why is the soul of the Emperor experts in the Divine Tomb so weak? And why are these souls staying here and not entering the Divine Tomb?” Jiang Chen asked but no answer was found.
At least his current self does not have the ability to uncover the truth of the Divine Tomb. Why and how did his father bypass the tomb? Questions grew as he looked at the Emperor Realm expert.
However, even just a spirit, an Emperor Realm spirit could still release an unbearable pressure, similar to those of a living Hierarch.
“You dare disturb our Wolf Clan’s resting place. Imperial Beast Clan you guys are pretty great, aren’t you?”
The spirit of an emperor, one that has lost its former glory but still retains its powerful spiritual energy. Yu Tianfeng and Jiang Chen felt pressured by this new foe.
A white-robed man with white cold eyes appeared, that was the soul of an Emperor Realm expert.
“Senior… To think you didn’t reincarnate, impressive, I am impressed.” Yu Tianfeng said while gritting his teeth as he moved back.
“Oh? You knew about reincarnation? Hahaha, hilarious, I have the Heart of Frost to avoid reincarnating, it’s not that hard. There are cases where immemorial experts come back to life. Why can’t I, Luo Jing, revive with 30,000 li dragon veins in my possession? It’s all for the Wolf Clan to not fall!” Luo Jing said with vigour.
His demeanour was one that would be respected by many even though he’s just a spirit right now.
“Great Ancestor…” Luo Binsi, moved.
Luo Jing looked at him and nodded slightly as he was the sole successor of the Wolf Clan.
“I didn’t know that the great emperor of the Wolf Clan is here, this junior has made a quite a mistake, I hope senior would not mind it.” Yu Tianfeng said quietly.
The spirit of a great emperor presented himself, and no one could face him head-on.
“A mistake and you’re trying to run away now?” Luo Jing said coldly as his aura envolepped Yu Tianfeng, the latter’s expression changed drastically.
Jiang Chen too did not expect an Emperor Realm spirit here. This emperor of the Wolf Clan fixed its gaze upon his body, the myriad qi must have caught his attention.
“A Myriad Qi body, surprising, the Heart of Frost has its use now. To rebuild my body with the Myriad Qi, now that’s exciting!”
Luo Jing looked at Jiang Chen and said with gentle eyes as if he had become his treasure.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2730 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2731


The Royal Dignity is Inviolable
Jiang Chen’s eyes were as cold as ice. The elder was indeed another bastard from the Wolf Clan as he acted like Luo Binsi. They both would do anything in order to cultivate themselves. However, this soul was more terrifying than Luo Binsi. Moreover, it’s not a soul of someone from the Divine Tomb, but from the Divine world. The Emperor realm souls in the Divine Tomb normally were very weak and their past mightiness had already disappeared.
“The Imperial Beast Clan must die without doubt. So you must stay here and become a slave for my people forever!”
Luo Jing looked at Yu Tianfeng and said dismissively.
“Even if I die, I won’t just stand by and let you kill me. Why would the Imperial Beast Clan become a slave of your despicable clan? Humph. So what even though you are a soul of an Emperor expert? My clan has been specialised in suppressing monsters.”
Yu Tianfeng said solemnly because even he did not know if he would be able to stay alive. No one really knew how dreadful an Emperor realm soul would be. However, a living Emperor expert was like a supreme existence between heaven and earth. Basically, they could make a guess how strong the soul would be based on its power when it’s alive.
Luo Jing’s overbearing and confident manner as well as his determination had made Yu Tianfeng feel a bit uneasy. That was the dignity of an expert.
“Hehe, even none of the ancestors of the Imperial Beast Clan in the past have ever dared to be this arrogant in front of me. Time makes it inevitable that in every profession, young men replace the old. Unfortunately, today you have encountered me.” Luo Jing said faintly.
If it was not Yu Tianfeng here who was from the Imperial Beast Clan, he would not waste his effort to speak so much.
“When I make a return and restore my status as an emperor, I will definitely eliminate the Imperial Beast Clan.”
Luo Jing’s words made Yu Tianfeng tremble in fear.
The Emperor realm was an unreachable existence. At least right now, a Hierarch expert is the strongest expert the Imperial Beast Clan had right now. Yu Tianfeng might just laugh if others said what Luo Jing said. However, Luo Jing used to be the king and he had the dragon qi from the Ancient Dragon Sacrificial Altar. He was someone that only appeared once in every hundred thousand years.
Yu Tianfeng stared at Jiang Chen coldly, thinking that Jiang Chen was supposed to be the one to die before him.
However, he did not have a choice and he could only become a warrior to fight until the end.
“Diamond Imperial Beast Bracelet! Break it!”
Yu Tianfeng took the initiative and launched a thunderous strike against Luo Jing.
“You do really have the courage to fight me. Hehe.”
Luo Jing smiled faintly and struck with his palm against the Diamond Imperial Beast Bracelet. Yu Tianfeng could not withstand the strike. Even though he had already used everything he got, Luo Jing still confronted him effortlessly. It’s like he was not a deal to Luo Jing at all.
“He couldn’t defeat the opponent.”
Jiang Chen heaved a sigh because he already had expected this result. No matter how strong Yu Tianfeng was, he was only a Late Divine King. Even though he was very skillful, he was still nothing in front of a true king.
“Get out of here.”
Luo Jing said faintly and pushed his opponent slightly. Yu Tianfeng was repulsed badly and even his Diamond Imperial Beast Bracelet was pushed away and fell on his body.
“Pu……”
Yu Tianfeng spurted out a mouthful of blood, looking extremely pale. He was depressed as he did not expect himself to fall here. Being the most outstanding genius in his clan and the pioneer of the Liaobei Region, Yu Tianfeng was very unresigned to be defeated by the ancestors of the Ice Emperor Wolf Clan. However, he could not change the ending now.
Yu Tianfeng knew that this was his last chance. If he could not defeat Luo Jing, then his life would end here too.
“I don’t believe it. I am going to fight until the end!”
Yu Tianfeng roared with all of his strenght.
“Heavenly Sound of an Imperial Beast!”
Yu Tianfeng stared at Luojing while the Heavenly Sound of an Imperial Beast spread through the entire place. The sound was deafening and none of the monsters were able to escape from the misfortune.
The terrifying sound waves had also made Jiang Chen carry a frown on his face. He couldn’t help taking a few steps backwards while protecting Yu Huagan. Since Jiang Chen was still in his dragon form, he was not afraid of the suppression of the Imperial Beast. However, the terrifying sound waves undeniably was able to kill Yu Huagan in a second without doubt.
“What a terrifying sound wave attack. Even a normal Hierarch expert wouldn’t be confident when dealing with this attack.”
Yu Huagan’s countenance fell and took a deep breath. This wasn’t the first time Jiang Chen had saved his life. The gratitude he had towards Jiang Chen couldn’t be expressed through words. Without Jiang Chen, he would not be able to survive until today. He would not know that nine generations of the Yu Family were the royal guardians of the ancient legendary Venerable Emperor Snow Emperor. Looking at all these things, Yu Huagan had gained more understanding about himself and his family.
Undeniably, Yu Tianfeng was still very formidable as he was an outstanding genius of the Imperial Beast Clan. Even Luo Binsi’s face turned green when facing him. It was absolutely difficult for Luo Binsi to withstand the Heavenly Sound of the Imperial Beast.
“Unnecessary counterattack.”
Luo Jing shouted in rage. The Heavenly Sound of the Imperial Beast had actually still created some pressure on him as he was only in the form of a soul. Even though he was only a soul, his strength was still inviolable. His mightiness as an Emperor expert was invincible. Despite being a soul, he was still the dragon among the people.
“You are just such a tiny candle but dared to compete with a moon? Under the mightiness of my ancestry, you would not escape death.”
Luo Binsi smiled coldly and said. In a flash, Luo Jing took action and suppressed Yu Tianfeng immediately.
Yu Tianfeng’s Heavenly Sound of the Imperial Beast was shattered immediately and he was pushed to the brink of death.
Yu Tianfeng was still defeated in the end. It was an absolute battle and it was about to come to an end. Yu Tianfeng heaved a sigh. Unfortunately, all effort was futile in the face of an Emperor realm soul.
“In the future, I am going to kill all of the people of the Imperial Beast Clan.”
Luo Jing waved his hand and Yu Tianfeng’s soul was shattered immediately. He closed his eyes and finally fell down slowly.
“Our ancestor’s mightiness is invincible.”
Luo Binsi said. He had great respect for Luo Jing. Unfortunately, he could not get the thing that had the Myriad Qi anymore now. Otherwise, he would advance to the emperor realm in the future.
“You thought that I didn’t know about your intention? Don’t worry. I will spare you some Myriad Qi and whether our Wolf Clan would be strong or not in the future depends on your capability. You are still the only successor of our clan. In the past, your father and I had used up all of our strength to set up this Ancient Dragon Sacrificial Altar in order to keep you alive. Since then, you have to bear the responsibility to bring glory to the Wolf Clan. The royal glory is inviolable!”
Luo Jing said faintly.
“Yes, ancestor.”
Luo Binsi was sweating as he felt that he had been seen through by the ancestor.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2731 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2732


Why Don’t You Enter the Divine Tomb?
“Kid, you are so honoured to be refined by me.”
“Oh? Really? Killing people in such a firm manner. It’s such an unreasonable thing but you still think that you are very holy. An inviolable existence, as an emperor realm expert, how can one be so shameless? It’s amusing. Hehe.”
Jiang Chen shook his head and looked at Luo Jing without any fear and respect. In his eyes, so what if the enemy is an emperor expert? He wast just a broken soul. How could a broken soul be so arrogant in front of him?
An Emperor realm expert deserved people’s admiration and respect. However, Luo Jing was only a soul and his body was already gone. His broken soul did not enter the Divine Tomb, meaning that he had used some skills in the dark to prevent his soul entering the tomb. From Jiang Chen’s perspective, he did not think this would be a good reason to explain why he should be killed by Luo Jing. Luo Jing wanted to refine him, so Luo Jing would be his life-long enemy.
“You’re overconfident. There are many people who would like to be refined by our ancestors, do you know that? But they don’t even get such honour. Who even are you to deny my offer? I could kill you in a few minutes.”
Luo Binsi looked at Jiang Chen dismissively. This guy was supposed to be his treasure. However, Yu Tianfeng appeared suddenly and ruined his plan.
“Haha. you’re so good at kissing up to your ancestor. Why don’t you ask him to refine you first? You’re also made up of Divine Origin essence.”
Jiang Chen sneered and looked at him with disdain. A rubbish like him did not deserve to fight him.
“It’s useless to speak more. Ancestor, kill him now. We shall not hesitate to kill him.” Luo Binsi said fiercely.
Luo Jing did not say anything but stared at Jiang Chen. He said coldly:
“Aren’t you afraid of me?”
“Why would I be afraid of you?”
Jiang Chen asked in return.
“Aren’t you afraid of death”
Luo Jing was quite shocked. This guy was indeed too daring. Yu Tianfeng was terrified while Yu Huagan was stunned and did not dare to say anything. However, Jiang Chen was just staring at him directly.
“Why would I die? It’s too early to say so before you refine me.”
Jiang Chen said confidently.
“I really have no idea what makes you so confident in front of an Emperor realm soul. I have seen many ignorant people but you’re the most foolish I have ever seen.”
Luo Jing smiled faintly. He did not look ruthless and angry now as he found Jiang Chen quite interesting. If he appeared here with his true body, Jiang Chen would be very afraid and would look at him like a buddha right now.
“You have also said that you are just a soul. You’re not a true emperor realm expert. Moreover, I have defeated Emperor realm souls before.”
Jiang Chen said with a deep voice while his eyes were glaring.
Luo Jing’s eyes shrunk and said with a deep voice:
“You defeated the likes of me before?”
“Why are you so shocked? Is an Emperor realm soul really that dangerous?” Jiang Chen shrugged and said.
He did this to release stress for himself but also to brag in front of Luo Jing. So that that guy would not be so arrogant and he might be able to seize his chance.
“Bullsh*t. Do you really think an emperor expert is a turnip which you could find everywhere?” Luo Binsi said angrily.
Luo Jing gave him a glance then Luo Binsi smiled and did not dare to continue to say anything anymore.
Yu Huagan had already been astonished by how formidable Jiang Chen was. Even an Emperor realm soul was defeated by him? Yu Huagan found it a bit unbelievable. However, Jiang Chen had already created many many unbelievable miracles.
“There are many divine souls already in the Divine Tomb, why don’t you enter it?”
After Jiang Chen said so, Luo Jing’s countenance fell. He could not believe that Jiang Chen would know about this. There was definitely a reason why he did not enter the Divine Tomb. The nourishment of the Dragon Vein and Heart of Frost had helped him to survive and not to enter Divine Tomb.
“You came from the Immortal World, what have you seen in the Divine Tomb?”
Luo Jing was anxious after hearing about the Divine Tomb. Ever since a long time ago, people entered Divine Tomb after they died. Countless souls had entered the Divine Tomb ever since hundreds and thousands of years ago. It was a very normal phenomena for people to go through reincarnation. He had spent some time in Divine Tomb before. However, with the Heart of Frost in his hands, he managed to get rid of the control of the Divine Tomb. To be able to get out from the Divine Tomb, one had to have extraordinary tricks and could travel through the void. Everyone, including emperor realm experts, would enter Divine Tomb after they passed away. This was an unchangeable law and the only law in the world.
Some people from the Immortal World had entered Divine Tomb before. However, the living people of the Divine World would not be able to enter Divine Tomb. Even Emperor realm experts would not have such extraordinary power to do so.
“Even Emperor realm souls died in my hands. If you don’t believe it, just take action now. I implore you to do so.”
Jiang Chen said with a deep voice while his face looked cold. He knew that this battle was going to be very tough. The emperor realm souls in the Divine Tomb were completely different from the emperor realm souls here.
“Since you are not willing to answer me, then I am going to let you kneel in front of me now.”
Luo Jing looked at Jiang Chen directly, full of killing intent. More importantly, this guy knew about the Divine Tomb and he seemed to have defeated the emperor realm souls living there before. Luo Jing did not dare to underestimate him now. However, he still wanted Jiang Chen to know who’s truly the king here.
“Kid, you are going to die soon. The mightiness of my ancestor is not something you can overcome.”
Luo Binsi was ready to see Jiang Chen becoming a joke. This guy really thought that he was superior here. He even dared to fight his ancestor. He might not even know how he would die later.
“Sir, be careful!”
Yu Huagan reminded Jiang Chen with a low voice. He was not afraid of death but Jiang Chen was not supposed to die. If he did not do this for Yu Family, he would not fall into this predicament. Yu Huagan was very guilty to Jiang Chen now.
“I will not give up in this battle.”
Jiang Chen and Luo Jing looked at each other. Immediately, he casted dragon transformation and Ancient Soaring Dragon Technique. The emperor realm soul was not the same with other experts. Jiang Chen had the confidence in killing Luo Binsi, however, he was unsure how much strength and how dreadful the emperor expert was.
Jiang Chen’s strength was boosted by the Ancient Soaring Dragon Technique and Heavenly Dragon Sword. His sword strike managed to sweep across in all directions. Luo Binsi was terrified by Jiang Chen’s strike as he knew that he would not be able to withstand it. Although Jiang Chen had the lowest cultivation realm among them, his true strength was really terrifying.
“You do really have such capability, no wonder you dared to say so much.”
Luo Jing smiled faintly. However, he still did not care about Jiang Chen even though Jiang Chen’s battle strength was able to overcome a Late Divine King expert. The Ancient Soaring Dragon Technique had indeed enhanced quite a lot of his strength. With the Heavenly Dragon Sword, his attack could bring great shock to the mountains around. Even Luo Jing became extremely careful now as Jiang Chen’s sword was invincible and it seemed to pose a great suppression against his soul.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2732 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2733


The Terrifying Heart of Frost
Luo Jing took some steps backwards while battling. He did so not because he was at a disadvantage but he was trying to see through Jiang Chen’s technique and steps. Compared to him, Jiang Chen was slightly inferior in terms of experience and skill. How could a former emperor realm expert be compared to an ordinary expert? Being an emperor had proven that this person was very powerful and formidable.
Jiang Chen knew that his Heavenly Dragon Sword would not be able to injure Luo Jing if its sword soul was not awakened. The battle had become really intense and none of them dared to slack off.
“It has been many years since I have had such an interesting battle.”
Luo Jing’s eyes gave out essence as Jiang Chen had provoked his battling intent. Luo Jing had been very composed in each of his actions and his control on the battle had become more and more dreadful. Jiang Chen was extremely careful in each of his steps. This emperor realm expert was completely different from those in the Divine Tomb.
“Battling Soul Storm, I am going to be the king!”
Luo Jing casted out a storm that swept across the entire battlefield. His Battling Soul Strom was terrifying as it was a storm that could sweep across one’s soul. Jiang Chen’s spiritual strength had already advanced to the Hierarch Realm, but he still could not withstand Luo Jing’s terrifying attack. The Battling Soul Storm swept over his mind immediately. Jiang Chen’s soul was being suppressed tightly. It was a restraint that he had never felt before.
“So strong.”
Jiang Chen opened his eyes suddenly and shouted loudly, taking a step backward. As his soul was under restraint, he had lost a lot of opportunity to take action. He was forced to be on the defensive. An emperor realm expert’s spiritual strength was too formidable and he could not do anything against it. That was Jiang Chen’s weakness.
His spiritual strength had been under Luo Jing’s suppression and he could not use it at all.
“Great Yu Soul Forming Light, suppress it!”
Jiang Chen took out the Great Yu Soul Forming Light which roared madly, stunning Luo Jing for a moment. Dreadful spiritual strength bursted out from the Great Yu Soul Forming Light. Jiang Chen did not expect this. He did not expect the Great Yu Soul Forming Light would actually push Luo Jing away. Jiang Chen regained his freedom at this moment.
“Great Soul Derivation Technique!”
Jiang Chen took the initiative to take action once again by casting out the Great Soul Derivation Technique. In the face of the Great Soul Derivation Technique, Luo Jing remained calm and responded with a strong attack. Their battle became very exciting and their souls were wrestling against each other fiercely. Although the Great Soul Derivation Technique failed to refine Luo Jing’s soul, it was still able to overcome Luo Jing’s attack, but Jiang Chen was still injured by Luo Jing. They were neck-and-neck in the battle.
“Your spiritual strength is still too weak compared to the other emperor realm experts.”
Jiang Chen shook his head and gritted his teeth tightly. He kept retreating as he was in a disadvantageous position right now. Although he was able to withstand Luo Jing’s attack, his spiritual strength and soul was still incomparable to Luo Jing. Jiang Chen was arrogant and mad but he was not ignorant. He knew how terrifying an Emperor expert’s soul was.
“Divine Golden Bell: God Sealing Prohibition!”
Jiang Chen did not have any other choice and he could only try to suppress Luo Jing with the Great Yu Soul Forming Light. However, the Divine Golden Bell still fell short. In other words, the true Divine Golden Bell casted by the Eastern Emperor Bell would be more powerful and would definitely be able to overcome the emperor realm expert.
Unfortunately, the broken Eastern Emperor Bell would not be able to defeat Luo Jing. Luo Jing was in great fury and Jiang Chen could feel the great pressure released by his soul. If the Ancient Dragon Emperor was here, they might still have a chance to win. However, he had fallen into a deep slumber now.
Jiang Chen could only fight with the Great Yu Soul Forming Light right now. He did not expect that the Great Yu Soul Forming Light would not disappoint him. The power of resentment in the Great Yu Soul Forming Light had helped Jiang Chen to defend against Luo Jing’s attack. Both of them took a few steps back, and no one held the upper hand.
Luo Jing’s face looked gloomy as he did not expect that Jiang Chen would have such a mysterious Divine Tool.
“It’s unbelievable that there is such a mysterious Divine Tool in the world. It was able to block my attacks even though it looked broken.”
Luo Jing said in fury as Jiang Chen had already provoked his anger.
“The Great Yu Soul Forming Light doesn’t seem simple.”
Jiang Chen thought. He actually did not expect that the Great Yu Soul Forming Light could do much for him, but it managed to defend Luo Jing’s attack. The terrifying storm had been resolved effortlessly.
“If I can absorb this guy’s soul into the Great Yu Soul Forming Light, the Great Yu Soul Forming Light might experience transformation.”
Jiang Chen started thinking about this but the enemy was too powerful. Jiang Chen was ready to run away at any time. If he couldn’t defeat the opponent, he would not stay here and be killed. Although the Eastern Emperor Bell was broken, it still provided a chance for him to escape. So at the most critical moment, he could still escape misfortune. This would be his last resolve. Jiang Chen did not dare to simply use that because he only had one chance. Unless it was necessary, otherwise he would never use it easily.
“I have lost my patience to play with you. I am going to refine you so that the Myriad Qi could help reborn me.”
Luo Jing stared at Jiang Chen with his glaring greed. He could not wait to devour Jiang Chen and get what he had.
“Heart of Frost, Profound Ice Sword!”
Luo Jing gripped both of his fists, and suddenly, a diamond shape blue crystal appeared in his hands. When the Heart of Frost appeared, the temperature in the entire underground arena dropped drastically. Both Yu Huagan and Luo Binsi’s faces immediately became as pale as white.
Jiang Chen kept on retreating and squinted his eyes while staring at the Heart of Frost.
The entire arena was extremely cold and Jiang Chen could feel that his blood was almost being frozen.
“Five Elemental Trigram Fire Formation!”
Jiang Chen had already put Yu Huagan in his protection, but Yu Huagan still seemed to be struggling in such a low temperature. The Divine Origin Strength in his body had been frozen and he was no different from an ordinary person now.
Jiang Chen also looked solemn. If he did not have the Five Elemental Trigram Fire Formation, he would have been frozen too. However, Five Elemental Trigram Fire Formation was still under an intense suppression of the Heart of Frost. Although the flame kept releasing heat to overcome the coldness, Jiang Chen still felt freezing.
There was thick ice layering on the surrounding area. It was an unusual ice that was released by the Heart of Frost. It was even difficult for the Five Elemental Trigram Fire Formation to withstand such coldness.
“What a Heart of Frost.”
Jiang Chen said while gritting his teeth. The Profound Ice Sword seemed to be shuttling through space and becoming bigger and bigger in front of Jiang Chen. It posed a great threat to Jiang Chen’s strength. The strength of the frost had swept across the entire place and blocked out all of Jiang Chen’s path of retreat.
The Profound Ice Sword seemed to have the god’s assistance. Jiang Chen held the Heavenly Dragon Sword to fight with his life. Undeniably, the Profound Ice Sword was broken by Heavenly Dragon Sword when the two swords met. However, the broken Profound Ice Sword repaired itself and merged together to attack Jiang Chen again. It was out of Jiang Chen’s expectation.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2733 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2734


Cold River Stone
“Heavenly Dragon Battle Armour!”
The Heavenly Dragon Battle Armour turned into one. Jiang Chen was trying to resist the Profound Ice Sword under the protection of the Divine Golden Bell. The Profound Ice Sword’s strength was weakened while Jiang Chen was also utterly frozen.
At this moment, Jiang Chen could feel that the universe was about to collapse and he knew that Luo Jing was going to kill him.
Jiang Chen was frozen by the Profound Ice Sword. Even though he was shielded by the Heavenly Dragon Battle Armour and the Divine Golden Bell, the strength of the intense coldness had pierced through his defense. A burning flame in Jiang Chen’s body spurted out instantly while the Five Elemental True Fire exploded like the volcanic eruption and broke through the Heart of Frost.
At this moment, Jiang Chen was trying to escape as he would be frozen solid at this rate if this continued. Luo Jing’s strength was still unknown for Jiang Chen but he’s already feeling helpless and hopeless in the face of the Heart of Frost at the moment.
“Killing you is just like taking out something in the bag. No one can get away from me.”
Luo Jing said arrogantly, looking at Jiang Chen who was currently in a great quandary. He was getting more confident and he was bound to fight to the death.
However, the Cold Ice Throne in Jiang Chen’s body started trembling unexpectedly at this moment.
Jiang Chen brought out the Cold Ice Throne instinctively. At this moment, Luo Jing was full of astonishment and felt overwhelmed just by looking at the Cold Ice Throne in Jiang Chen’s hands. His hands started trembling slightly.
“Cold Ice Throne, it’s the Cold Ice Throne. Hahaha. Even the heavens is assisting me. I have never expected this kid to have the Cold Ice Throne. I have struck gold this time. The fusion of the Cold Ice Throne and the Heart of Frost will be turned into the Cold River Stone. A stone that can reclaim the land from the sea and a heart that can freeze the Heavenly Astral. The Cold River Stone was considered as the matchless and irresistible trump card of Snow Emperor back then.”
Luo Jing said excitedly. It seemed like the Cold Ice Throne was in his bag now.
“Snow Emperor. It should be called the Destructive Ice God. How could the Cold Ice Throne combine together with the Heart of Frost?”
Jiang Chen heaved a cold breath and the Cold Ice Throne in his hands was trembling violently at this moment.
Jiang Chen knew that the Cold Ice Throne was not an ordinary item. He just didn’t know how to use it correctly.
“Hey kid, it is your fate to come here today. It seems like we are destined to meet. Hahaha. Just tell me your wish, perhaps I could make it come true. Maybe the Cold Ice Throne and the Myriad Qi Cauldron can help me board the throne of the Venerable Emperor in the future. Hahaha.”
Jiang Chen had never expected Luo Jing’s excitement and passion. However, the fusion of the Cold Ice Throne and the Heart of Frost would definitely be the most formidable and invincible weapon in the world.
“Did you say that the Snow Emperor was strong? And was called the Destructive Ice God.”
Jiang Chen fixed his glance at Luo Jing. The latter did not attack him immediately at this moment as he was truly excited, and the excitement was clearly shown on his face. He had been suffering miserably for thousands of years and he was only able to survive the Divine Tomb’s tragedy with the Heart of Frost. If he wished to be reborn, there was the Myriad Qi Cauldron. Not only that, there was also the Cold Ice Throne if he wished to make a breakthrough and fight against the Divine World. It was all destined to happen.
“How do you know about the Destructive Ice God? It seems like you have some stories. But I guess even the Cold Ice Throne could not save you now. I will definitely surpass the Snow Emperor soon!”
Luo Jing’s eyes were sparkling with a terrifying glimmer of light. He was about to soar to the heavens, it seemed like he was filled with strong determination to fight against the world. Jiang Chen looked frightened and anxious. He had no idea how strong the Destructive Ice God was back in those days. However, he was sure that Luo Jing was a great man amongst the Nine Regions just by looking at his extraordinary performance. He was certainly one of the greatest masters.
“Is it the summon of the Heart of Frost?”
Jiang Chen could hardly find out why this Cold Ice Throne appeared for no reason. It was probably because of the Heart of Frost. There was definitely a close connection between the both of them.
“You will never know how terrifying the Cold Ice Throne is.”
Luo Jing heaved a sigh. But at this moment, he was certain and confident that he would become a matchless and invincible person like the Snow Emperor.
“Just merge together, the Cold Ice Throne and the Heart of Frost. I can’t wait anymore.”
Luo Jing held the Heart of Frost with one hand and the other hand reached out to seize the Cold Ice Throne that was held by Jiang Chen. Jiang Chen kept on retreating, struggling to protect the Cold Ice Throne. Unfortunately, he still failed to do so eventually. The fusion of the Cold Ice Throne and the Heart of Frost was truly terrifying. Jiang Chen realized that both of them stick close like true brothers. He could hardly hold the Cold Ice Throne even if he exerted all of his strength.
The Cold Ice Throne and the Heart of Frost merged together instantly. A cold light appeared, and both of them merged together at the same time. Unexpectedly, it was completely merged together now. The Cold Ice Throne was inlaid with a diamond-shaped Heart of Frost perfectly. Both of them were glowing with bright light which made Jiang Chen close his eyes and dodge immediately.
“The Cold River Stone is finally formed. The fusion of the Cold Ice Throne and the Heart of Frost will always remain as the most deadly weapon in the world. It’s the Cold River Stone! Hahaha.”
Luo Jing’s excitement was all shown on his face. At this moment, he could feel that the entire universe was slightly trembling. The Cold River Stone in Luo Jing’s hand looked like a mountain. Luo Jing was holding the Cold River Stone, full of power and grandeur.
“I can’t even describe the mightiness of this Cold River Stone in one word.”
Jiang Chen murmured under his breath. The Cold River Stone was the deadliest and most destructive weapon which could even destroy the world. And now, he realized that his Heavenly Dragon Sword was not the most terrifying divine sword in the world. The Cold River Stone was not inferior to his Heavenly Dragon Sword and the strength of the supreme coldness could even make him feel difficult to breathe. This was truly one of the strongest weapons.
“Even a Divine Emperor is no match for me now. The Cold River Stone in my hand has become my spirit which enables me to sweep through the universe.”
Luo Jing said lightly, full of great excitement. His eyes were then fixed on Jiang Chen once more while Jiang Chen wore a bitter smile. It seemed like he was the one who delivered the gift, this guy had snatched the Cold Ice Throne from him.
“It’s your turn now. Cold River Stone, cold mountain tremble!”
Luo Jing simply threw out the Cold River Stone in his hand and tried to constrain Jiang Chen’s strength. Jiang Chen’s face turned red and he immediately escaped into the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda swiftly. At this moment, Jiang Chen disappeared completely while the terrifying Cold River Stone was trying to suppress the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda. It was extremely difficult for him to escape from it. Even though he was staying in the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda, he could hardly breathe as the terrifying oppressiveness was spreading everywhere.
“Does this mean that the Cold River Stone is strong and powerful enough to suppress my Ancestral Dragon Pagoda?”
Jiang Chen said in a deep voice.
“You still own a Spatial Divine Tool. It is out of my expectation. Haha. It is impressive that you own a lot of treasures even though you are merely a Half-step Divine King. It seems like fortune is smiling on me this time.”
Even Luo Jing did not expect this to happen. Jiang Chen was struggling to escape but he would never be able to leave this region as long as he was under the oppression of the Cold River Stone. Luo Jing might not be able to find him for some time but it did not mean that he would never be found forever.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2734 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2735


Everything Turned into Ashes in a Twinkling Of An Eye
“Crack……Crack……”
The Ancestral Dragon Pagoda was trembling continuously, there were some sounds coming out. Fortunately, the Pagoda could repair itself. Otherwise, perhaps it would collapse after being suppressed by the Cold River Stone.
At this moment, Jiang Chen could feel that something strange was happening within the Myriad Qi Cauldron. The sealed man escaped from the Myriad Qi Cauldron and broke through the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda.
The moment the sealed man appeared, Luo Jing’s face turned dark. He fixed his glance on the man sharply.
At this moment, Jiang Chen could not tell whether it was a great or a bad thing for him when the Ice Sealed Man suddenly opened his eyes. Jiang Chen had never seen him open his eyes before. Is he still alive?
Jiang Chen’s heart was filled with astonishment and shock.
Luo Jing felt the same. It seemed like the unusual aura was coming out from the Ice Sealed Man.
“Isn’t it a wild aura?”
Luo Jing took a few steps back unconsciously. The moment he saw the Ice Sealed Man opened his eyes, Luo Jing instantly looked solemn and serious.
The sealed man moved his palm slightly and the coldness on his body cleared away rapidly. There was no streaming mist or cold shattered ice, it appeared in the void unexpectedly. It seemed like it did not belong to this world.
The Ice Sealed Man took a glance at Luo Jing uninterestedly. That glance penetrated through those ancient times, fighting against the world with invincible strength and mightiness. It seemed like the world had changed because of him.
Jiang Chen had never expected that the Ice Sealed Man was still alive. Compared to the sealed man, he was just a drop in the ocean and could not fight against him. However, Jiang Chen was sure that the Ice Sealed Man would not hurt him. Without the help of this man, he would have died much earlier and the Divine Tomb would be his final resting place now.
But who was the Ice Sealed Man? With such a terrifying power, is he the Destructive Ice God? But Jiang Chen doubted if it was the truth. Luo Jing would definitely be able to recognize him if he was the real Destructive Ice God.
“Who are you?”
Luo Jing breathed in deeply and howled in a deep voice. He could not help but ask the question eventually. He had the same doubt like Jiang Chen but it was the first time that he had seen this guy open his eyes in the Myriad Qi Cauldron. He cleared away the frost and appeared in front of Jiang Chen.
The Ice Sealed Man looked lonely and he was looking at everything around him. He was staring at the Cold River Stone in Luo Jing’s hand and sighed slightly.
“The hardships and the Cold River Stone. I have been through all the difficulties, even misery and sorrowfulness. What era are we living in now?”
The Ice Sealed Man said helplessly, with a sense of great sorrow and of loss.
“Stop stirring up a storm in a teacup, just tell me who you are!”
Luo Jing roared ferociously. He would be able to compete against Divine Emperor experts with the Cold River Stone. How could he be afraid of this Ice Sealed Man in front of him? Even though Luo Jing knew that the man was not an ordinary person, he had a strong determination to maintain his dignity and pride. His Divine Emperor’s spirit had made a strong comeback, no one could trample on him.
Luo Jing had never thought that this Ice Sealed Man would be so arrogant and overbearing. Undoubtedly, he realized this Ice Sealed Man was definitely not an ordinary person but also a Divine Emperor expert. There was no one who treated him like this before. He could not stand someone who was trying to ignore and patronize him.
The Ice Sealed Man wore a frown on his face but he still fixed his gaze on the Cold River Stone, without looking at Luo Jing.
The feeling of being ignored by someone was unbearable and depressing. Especially so for invincible Divine Emperors like Luo Jing, everyone dared not to offend him. Even the Snow Emperor in those days did not dare to do so.
“I want to kill you!”
Luo Jing snorted and took a step forward, holding the Cold River Stone in his hand. He rushed at the Ice Sealed Man directly.
The Ice Sealed Man bent his fingers and Luo Jing’s soul distorted and was torn apart at this moment.
“What’s this wild strength……”
Luo Jing’s eyes were filled with shock and fright. His Divine Soul collapsed and was shattered gradually at this moment. He felt regret for not fleeing for his life and leaving this place. And now, he disappeared completely from this world.
Jiang Chen was in utter astonishment. Even though he had seen countless magnificent things and was well-prepared for this, he had never expected that things would end up like this.
In just a blink of an eye, the Ice Sealed Man had made the soul of an Emperor expert turned to ashes and disappeared completely.
Everyone stared in absolute amazement. He was just too strong, no one would dare to set themselves in opposition to the Ice Sealed Man.
Everything was beyond Jiang Chen’s expectation. He did not know whether to laugh or cry at this moment. The Ice Sealed Man was unbelievably strong.
Were all the tricks of an emperor expert just a joke in front of him?
Jiang Chen could not help but murmur under his breath as he could hardly believe his eyes. Even an Emperor expert would not be able to send such a terrifying blow with just a single finger. As Luo Jing said, he was strong enough to compete against a Divine Emperor by holding the Cold River Stone. However, was it even possible for an emperor expert to eliminate a Divine Emperor with just a finger? Jiang Chen was full of doubts.
But he was determined to reach the Ice Sealed Man’s strength no matter how far he had to go. He swore to become an invincible and matchless expert in the world.
Jiang Chen looked at the Ice Sealed Man with sharp eyes and the latter looked back. Both of their eyes met. Jiang Chen felt like getting hit by lightning as the mightiness of the latter had already reached a dreadful level. However, Jiang Chen was not inferior to him. It seemed like they had been exchanging their glance for over thousands of years. But the Ice Sealed Man gave Jiang Chen a significant glance, turned his back and left quietly.
Luo Binsi was stunned as he had never thought that his ancestor, whom he was so proud of, would turn to ashes in just a twinkling of an eye. This was just unbelievable. But this was also a fact. He saw his ancestor being killed by the Ice Sealed Man with just a finger. He disappeared utterly without leaving a trace.
Luo Binsi had been waiting for the rise of their Ice Emperor Wolf Clan but his dream seemed to be slipping away at the moment. Every hope and pursuit turned to vapor. Perhaps the Ice Emperor Wolf Clan was in danger of extinction. It seemed like the finger of the Ice Sealed Man could penetrate through the heavens, casting a cloud on Luo Binsi. Even his ancestor was unable to fight against the Ice Sealed Man, he would be just a little tiny ant to him.
Yu Huagan realized who was the real king and who was the invincible and irresistible expert now.
“If I could become an emperor someday, I swear to restore peace and justice in the world.”
The Ice Sealed Man murmured and took a step forward. He disappeared eventually from the mountain range.
Jiang Chen stared at the Ice Sealed Man feebly. And the last glance he showed seemed to be a kind of encouragement and confusion at the same time. But at least, Jiang Chen was sure that this guy was not an ordinary person.
“He is a true matchless expert, an inevitable and invincible existence in the universe.”
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2735 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2736


Tell Her, I Don’t Blame Her
The man left quietly, giving Jiang Chen a great shock. Who is he? Why is he trapped within the ice for so long? Does it mean that he willingly chose to be trapped? No one knew the answer.
Unstoppable. That was how an expert was supposed to be. Jiang Chen felt moved, without that person, he would’ve been clueless, perhaps, there was something much more powerful than the Emperor Realm.
Although everything happened in an instant, like a dream, Jiang Chen still felt it.
The Cold River Stone fell on the Ancient Dragon Sacrificial Altar. The altar was thoroughly destroyed, Jiang Chen’s attention was on the Cold River Stone. That guy did not even take the Cold River Stone as if he left it for him.
At this moment, Luo Binsi saw it too, both of them were eyeing the same thing.
Although Luo Binsi was shocked by that person’s strength, he was not afraid of Jiang Chen. He’s pretty excited now that the threat has left.
“This Cold River Stone is mine!” Luo Binsi said.
Even his own ancestor wanted the Cold River Stone, saying that it was the Snow Emperor’s treasure. A terrifying weapon born from the fusion of the Heart of Frost and the Icy Cold Throne.
“Boy, you better not go against me. Otherwise, you’ll die a terrible death.” Luo Binsi stared at Jiang Chen.
Both of them moved simultaneously. However, Jiang Chen’s Great Void Technique was faster. Even though Luo Binsi was already prepared for it, he was no match to Jiang Chen and lost the Cold River Stone.
“Your ancestor has been turned to ash, what gives you the confidence now?” Jiang Chen said in disdain.
Luo Binsi was still cocky as he was fuming in anger.
“The Cold River Stone is not yours. It’s our clan’s supreme treasure. Hand it to me and you may live. Otherwise, you’ll never see the light of day.”
“Clueless fool.” Jiang Chen said with biting cold eyes.
Although he’s not a match against an Emperor Realm soul, a mere orphan of the Ice Emperor Wolf Clan was nothing.
“Grey Wolf Strike!” Luo Binsi roared and launched a strike with all his might, trying to get his hands on the Cold River Stone.
“I have a blade that could cut the Heavens, Earth, Moon, Stars, Sun apart.”
Jiang Chen unsheathed his trusted blade and sent out an unstoppable blade strike!
Luo Binsi’s pupil contracted and his expression changed drastically. His Grey Wolf Strike was immediately shattered by Jiang Chen’s blade. At this moment, he finally realised how powerful Jiang Chen was, to talk back against his ancestor. His breath was slowly fading when he realised everything, it was already too late.
“No… I cannot die… I am the last successor of my clan…” Luo Binsi murmured as he quietly fell down, turning into a palm-sized crystal.
Jiang Chen smirked. The Ice Emperor Wolf Clan has now vanished from the trace of the world.
A palm-sized crystal appeared in Jiang Chen’s palm.
“This should be the Divine Origin Essence, I’ve read it in our clan’s ancient text. It appeared once in the Lone Dragon County and caused a dozen Emperor experts to fight for it. The casualties of that battle were immense and were recorded as part of history. It’s value is unknown. In the past, there was an Emperor Realm expert who refined a whole dragon vein but only got half an inch of Divine Origin Essence. This thing would even move an Emperor Realm expert. To think this Ice Emperor Wolf Clan fella devoured the whole dragon vein’s Supreme Grade Divine Origin Stones. That essence is probably four inches long.”
Yu Huagan took a deep breath. It was his greatest fortune to witness a Divine Origin Essence. However, he dared not covet it. The dragon vein was originally owned by the three clans but now that the other patriarchs was gone, this dragon vein was his to take.
Even though there weren’t any Supreme Grade Divine Origin Ores anymore, the remaining Divine Origin Ores were still astronomical.
Moreover, Jiang Chen saved him countless times, he would’ve died many times if it wasn’t for him. He’s not a thankless man, this item was Jiang Chen’s to take.
“Excellent, this is a rare item, it should be able to help me reach the Hierarch Realm.” Jiang Chen smiled happily.
The Cold River Stone and the Divine Origin Essence were great items that could move the world. However Jiang Chen felt somewhat worried as the man-in-ice left. Who is he?
“Cold River Stone, great stuff. Not even a Hierarch expert could suppress me now that I have this.” Jiang Chen thought.
However, the Cold River Stone had no reaction when he tried to activate it.
“This is f*cking awkward.” Jiang Chen thought.
“This Cold River Stone appeared in my inheritance memories, it’s extremely powerful, you cannot activate it at your current strength. Perhaps, when you reach the Hierarch Realm you’ll be able to do it.” The Fire Qilin’s voice sounded in Jiang Chen’s mind, his tone was somewhat ridiculing.
“You, this fella, might as well say that I’m weak. Dammit.” Jiang Chen said angrily.
He was feeling depressed as he could not utilise the powerful treasure that he had.
However, Jiang Chen did not ponder on it any longer. The Cold River Stone was a treasure of Emperor Realm experts. It’s only logical that he’s unable to activate it, not just anyone could. The Divine Origin Essence has its own use for him as he could use it to swiftly reach the Hierarch Realm.
“It’s time for me to leave.”
Jiang Chen must quickly return to Linhe Boundary to save his father and quickly depart to the Qilian Region as there were people waiting for him there.
Jiang Chen cleaved a road apart as his trusted blade roared. Jiang Chen brought Yu Huagan out from the underground dragon vein.
“Sir, are you that in a hurry? My Yu Clan has not repaid your favour.”
Yu Huagan wanted to ask Jiang Chen to stay. However, Jiang Chen’s decision was already made.
“Don’t need it. Tell Yu Jingxian I don’t blame her.” Jiang Chen said with a smile and shook his head.
He glanced towards the mine, and sighed as he left.
“Eh?”
Yu Huagan looked up and saw Jiang Chen had already disappeared into the clouds.
Yu Huagan’s expression became solemn as he sighed. Jiang Chen was extremely talented and powerful and could not be kept in such a rural place. However, he did not know the meaning of his last sentence. Does it mean that her daughter knew something about Jiang Chen?
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2736 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2737


Chapter 2737
Since ancient times, the one who cares more always suffers more.
It’s time for Yu Huagan to return to his family. As the other two patriarchs are gone, it’s time for him to conquer the whole Liao Bei.
But at this moment, he saw the members of the Yu family digging out the entrance of the mine.
“It’s Jingxiang and the others…”
Yu Huagan steadied himself and walked towards the exit. At this moment, Yu Jingfan and the others noticed him.
“Lord Father? You’re back!” Yu Jingfan said in disbelief.
“Father!”
Yu Jingxian jumped into his father’s chest. Her father has protected their family after their mother passed away. Yu Jingxian could not imagine how she’d get through it if her father suddenly passed away. She did not want to go through the same experience again after seeing her father get back up and then falling into such danger again.
“Lord Father!”
Bai Yumo’s eyes were red too. Yu Huagan’s heart felt warm as he hugged both of his daughters. It’s been so long since he hugged them both. This warmth could not be replaced by anything else.
“Oh, Father, where is mister?” Bai Yumo asked in a rush.
Jiang Chen was nowhere to be found. The two patriarchs were missing too, were they trapped underneath? Bai Yumo became worried.
“Dongpo Tianchi and Feng Luojiang died.” Yu Huagan said solemnly.
“What about mister? Where is he?” Bai Yumo asked worriedly.
At this moment, Yu Huagan released a sigh for her two daughters, realizing that they were both sad due to not seeing Jiang Chen. However, Jiang Chen was like a god, they could not hope to reach him.
Yu Huagan might have not believed it in the past that Jiang Chen could perform such great feats with just a Half-Step Divine King cultivation realm. But after going through the battles with Jiang Chen, he finally knew how naive and uneducated he was, a family that has a long history such as his could not even compare against Jiang Chen.
“He’s not injured and has safely left the place.” Yu Huagan said in a serious tone.
“He left without a word?” Bai Yumo murmured, her expression was somewhat gloomy.
The flame that was burning within her heart was then extinguished.
“Did he just leave without saying anything?” Bai Yumo couldn’t accept it.
Could it be that he’s not asking for anything even though he had done so many things for our family? Bai Yumo wanted to ask Jiang Chen, but she knew that it’d only bring pain to her. After all, she knew all along that there shouldn’t be fruit born between them.
“He wanted me to tell you something, Xioa Xian, he said he does not blame you.” Yu Huagan said quietly.
Yu Jingxian was stunned, while Bai Yumo frowned in confusion.
“What… what is his name…” Yu Jingxian looked at his father with a weird expression. She did not expect this.
“His name is… Jiang Chen.”
Boom
Yu Jingxian’s expression became pale and her body shivered, her lips twitched.
She totally did not expect and dared not to expect that he was Jiang Chen. The moment she laid her eyes upon him, there was a sense of familiarity but she dared not to think much about it. However, with her father telling her his name, that invincible guy was Jiang Chen?!
All of this was too dramatic for her to digest. Yu Jingxian had utterly fallen into a deep confusion.
Unfortunately, who would understand the pain she’s currently experiencing? Yu Jingxian felt like she was in a dream, that suffering, tearing pain.
She knelt down as her tears rained, everyone was stunned. Only Yu Jingfan silently looked at Yu Jingxian, yet he too, did not know the details of the matter.
Yu Jingxian hugged her chest tightly, especially after Jiang Chen told her “I don’t blame you” these words pierced her heart. Who could imagine just how much anguish and guilt she has suffered before.
Yu Jingxian did not expect Jiang Chen to still be alive, she was definitely happy but had never thought of him appearing in the family, and helping their family to get through the disaster, saving her father. Yet she was the one who harmed him previously. What the hell am I?
Yu Jingxian chuckled bitterly. Naive, stupid, clueless. Jiang Chen had forgotten about those negative things the moment he stepped into the Yu Estate. Especially the words he said in the bamboo garden, it was still fresh in her mind.
Descending to her like a god, saving her father and her family, in the end leaving quietly!
However, even if Jiang Chen did not blame her, could she let it go? She was just a girl, not a god, she cannot change things nor forget everything, it has already been imprinted deep within her heart.
Love, hate, parting or sorrow? Yu Jingxian could not understand it as she could not repay Jiang Chen even if she spent her whole life doing so.
Jiang Chen… You’ve made it hard for me, Yu Jingxian, to live as a proper human… I wanted to repay you with my own life and follow you even in death. Yet you miraculously survived and arrived before me like a god, I’m caught off guard.
“Jiang Chen, I hate you, I hate you!”
Yu Jingxian’s eyes became red as she coughed out blood. Her eyes became blurry as the colours of nature disappeared.
That painful shout startled everyone and made them sigh and pity.
Bai Yumo looked at her litter sister with a tinge of sadness, loneliness and pity. She could feel the love she’s feeling, the kind of love that couldn’t be conveyed and wouldn’t reach him, the kind of love that made her hate him but could not bear to do it.
Yu Jingxian turned and left. Yu Jingfan and Bai Yumo wanted to chase after her but was stopped by Yu Huagan, he then muttered:
“There’s no hate without love. Since ancient times, the one who cares more always suffered more and this feeling of depression and pity will last for a long time.”
A tear drop disappeared into the faraway land as it marked a temporary beauty.
Night has fallen. Yu Jingxian could not feel love, couldn’t rest on a man’s shoulder as she could only be alone.
The destroyed fate between them had utterly crushed her feelings.
Bitter tears fell as she crumbled.
At that moment. Yu Jingxian swallowed her sadness and took upon this responsibility called love.
However, she never regretted this love. This hatred, she accepted it with sadness.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2737 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2738


Chapter 2738 Three Supreme Reverends
Jiang Chen looked back and sighed.
The matter of the Yu family has been concluded. Some people were bound to be a fleeting memory. Jiang Chen wasn’t heartless, but sometimes it must be done. He was shouldering too many things and responsibilities, plus his heart strives for a greater power.
Jiang Chen only thought about his father as he rushed towards the Linhe Boundary, towards the Profound Wind Sect.
“A defensive formation, to think a puny sect like this without a Divine King has such a powerful formation. I’m envious. Hmph.” A white-haired old man said, his face was full of wrinkles but the aura he emitted was humongous.
He was Divine Pill Sect’s Dan Yingqing, possessing a powerful strength. He hadn’t been out in the world for three thousand years as he went into seclusion. However, he could not lay low anymore as his sect was destroyed.
“Shocking, the three of us might not be even able to break open this formation.” Another old and skinny man said with a laugh.
This man is the Ghost Eye Sect’s Li Zheyan. Similar to Dan Yingqing, he’s also a powerful expert that has been laying low in the world. If it wasn’t for Jiang Chen causing such havoc in the Linhe Boundary and causing the death of many sect members of the three sects, they may not have come out from their seclusion.
“Fellow comrades, today, I, Xuanyuan Wuqiong, vow to eliminate that bastard.” The last red-faced old man said.
“Clear Stream Sect has suffered a heavy blow, the root of the sect is completely uprooted. Old Man Xuanyuan, we share a common hatred.” Li Zheyan said with a sheepish smile. Yet the hatred within his eyes was obvious.
Jiang Chen had destroyed the roots of the three great sects and killed countless Divine King experts. It was an utter spat towards the Linhe Boundary. Not even the Reverend of the Nine Boundaries was able to stop Jiang Chen. He’s truly fearless as he dared to go against the whole Linhe Boundary.
“Hmph, I shall have him pay with blood for my Clear Stream Sect. There’s also no need for the Profound Wind Sect to exist.” Xuanyuan Wuqiong waved his arm, causing a dangerous giant wind to blow towards the Profound Wind Sect.
Although Jiang Chen placed a defensive formation, some would still question whether it could stop the attacks from all corners. At least it could stop the three of them for now. However, they were certainly more terrifying than Jiang Chen, even their Sect Lord felt meager in front of them.
“Three seniors, what did my Profound Feng Sect do wrong to you?” Xuan Qingming asked solemnly.
He had already reached the Late Heavenly God Realm but he obviously could not match against a Half-Step Hierarch expert. If Jiang Chen did not cause such trouble in Linhe Boundary, Xuan Qingming probably wouldn’t have the chance to speak with any of them.
Power was everything, that was the rule of the Divine World. Those with power have authority. The Linhe Boundary has to comply with any wishes of these three people. Xuan Qingming was currently facing dangerous foes. Although Jiang Chen did say that the formation could withstand a Hierarch, he was still worried now that these three had appeared before his Profound Wind Sect, the whole sect was worried.
Half-Step Hierarch, a Reverend, a truly unstoppable force.
“These three experts, they’re trying to break through our sect’s formation… What can we do?”
“Dangerous, Senior Jiang Chen gave us great hope and also great terror.”
“Sigh, I wonder when will Senior Brother Jiang Chen come back. Those three do not look like they’re giving up. Could this formation protect us?”
“Nothing is certain, not even the Sect Lord knows what to do.”
Everyone was worried as they watched the three figures. The disciples of Profound Wind Sect wore a heavy expression, anticipation, and worry. Jiang Chen was able to cause such change in the Linhe Boundary single handedly. But that legend was caused by him alone.
“I am Clear Stream Sect’s Supreme Elder, Xuanyuan Wuqiong. Speak, where is Jiang Chen?” Xuanyuan Wuqiong stared at Xuan Qingming and said coldly, as if everything was not of his concern.
The whole Profound Wind Sect was in an uproar, the Clear Stream Sect’s Supreme Elder. He’s here for revenge, Jiang Chen destroyed his sect and he would certainly do the same.
Xuan Qingming took a deep breath and said solemnly:
“I’m terribly sorry, fellow seniors, Jiang Chen is not in our sect.”
“Not here? Hehe, fine, no matter where he is, I’ll surely rip him apart!” Xuanyuan Wuqiong said in a dominating manner.
Xuan Qingming breathed with difficulty. Although that pressure did not break through the formation, the pressure of a Half-Step Hierarch could still be felt. Xuan Qingming instinctively took two steps backward.
“However, I heard that Jiang Chen’s father is here, hand him over and perhaps, I’ll let you go.” The Supreme Elder of the Ghost Eye Sect, Li Zheyan, said with a smile, his eyes were emitting a vile feel.
“Jiang Chen’s father is not in my Profound Wind Sect, I hope fellow seniors will search elsewhere and look for Jiang Chen’s trace.” Xuan Qingming said.
“Then, put down the barrier and let me have a look around the Profound Wind Sect.” Xuanyuan Wuqiong said as he stared at Xuan Qingming like a piercing blade.
“I’m sorry, I cannot comply!” Xuan Qingming said.
“Hehe, looks like something stinks here, although Jiang Chen may not be here, his father must surely be in there.” Dan Yingqing sneered.
“Although my Profound Wind Sect is not as great as yours, our root is here. It shall not be tarnished by others! Otherwise, my sect will be mocked by others! If fellow seniors wish to cause trouble for the Profound Wind Sect, I shall face it to death!” Xuan Qingming said with a cold expression. Not giving a f*ck towards the three reverends.
At this moment, he did not know whether the formation could really do what it was told. Yet he must do it as Jiang Chen left his father in the Profound Wind Sect. Xuan Qingming could not face Jiang Chen if anything were to happen to his father.
Therefore, he was willing to go against those three with his sect.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2738 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2739


Breaking the Formation Together
“Alright, you have some backbone in you, you’ve truly opened my eyes, puny Profound Wind Sect. Hmph, let’s see what gives you the confidence. I, Xuanyuan Wuqiong, can easily destroy your sect with a snap of a finger.” Xuanyuan Wuqiong harrumphed,his killing intent was released.
Xuan Qingming’s palms were sweating. That guy had already planned to massacre everyone even before reaching the sect.
“Old man Xuanyuan, looks like we’ll have to move some muscles today. Looks like someone is not giving us our due respect, a mere defensive formation… is it that great? You dare go against a Reverend, hilarious!! Hahaha!” Li Zheyan laughed while shaking his head, emitting a powerful aura.
“Everyone, move towards the inner sect. Do not come out from there no matter what!” Xuan Qingming shouted. He knew that these three fellas were really serious.
Although Jiang Zhenhai lost his sight and mobility, he still has his hearing. Now that Jiang Chen has left them, he felt that he has brought trouble for the sect, he felt guilty and bad about it.
“Ruyue, take me out if the situation gets worse, I, Jiang Zhenhai, do not want to bring harm to the Profound Wind Sect.” Jiang Zhenhai said as the clamors outside were certainly over the sect’s capabilities.
“Brother Zhen, stop thinking about those nonsense. Do you think they’ll stop if the Sect Lord handed you over? They’ll still face troubles and we would lose our lives. Now, we can only pray for Jiang Chen to come back quickly so that we’ll be saved. I will accompany you even in death. So, stop saying all those things, I will never forgive you if you do it.” Lin Ruyue hugged Jiang Zhenhai tightly and said quietly.
Jiang Zhenhai sighed. There was nothing he could do other than praying that Jiang Chen would return quickly.
“I refuse to believe that this formation can stop me.” Xuanyuan Wuqiong said proudly as he released a devastating energy, causing Xuan Qingming to back off.
He couldn’t even face a Divine King, lest a Half-Step Hierarch. Jiang Chen had truly succeeded as a person, he would certainly become one of the great figures that would be revered by others in the world if he could get through this.
“Azure Dragon Rising!”
Xuanyuan Wuqiong threw out a terrifying punch. A giant palm strike raged upon the sect. However, only a water ripple could be seen waving across the formation and nothing happened. Just like a pebble being thrown into a lake, vanishing without a trace.
“This… is terrifying.”
Xuan Qingming was shocked by the power of Xuanyuan Wuqiong, and Jiang Chen’s capabilities as he was able to set up such a powerful formation with just a Half-Step Divine King Cultivation Realm. Not even a Half-Step Hierarch was able to break it through!
Xuan Qingming asked himself if he could have done it so perfectly even if he had 500 years to prepare, probably not.
“Not bad! Looks like he’s pretty capable, such a powerful defensive formation. It’s my first time seeing it, not even my Clear Stream Sect’s formation was this powerful.” Xuanyuan Wuqiong said with a laugh.
However, he was genuinely angry. Dan Yingqing and Li Zheyan were pretty shocked too. A puny Jiang Chen that wasn’t even a Divine King was able to set up such a powerful defensive formation. He, alone, was able to destroy the experts of the top ten sects, and massacred the whole Clear Stream Sect. They were pretty doubtful, but they finally believed that Jiang Chen had some true abilities.
Xuan Qingming breathed out a long sigh of relief, but his expression was still heavy. It managed to stop the first strike, however the three Half-Step Hierarchs were still as powerful as ever.
“I wonder if the formation could take what is to come.” Xuan Qingming thought.
Since, Jiang Chen said it could withstand a Hierarch, then, it’s probably not too shabby.
“Now my hands are itchy, is that formation that strong?” Dan Yingqing said with a smile as he flew up towards the sky.
They chose to go into seclusion because their time was almost up. They could perhaps fight for another few thousands of years if they could break through to the Hierarch Realm right before their death. Jiang Chen had caused too great of a commotion, causing everyone to fear for their lives in Linhe Boundary, they acted because they have been pushed to the edge, they will certainly die in the next hundred years no matter if they win or lose.
Dan Yingqing formed a seal with both hands. Golden light emerged from his palms and a seal formed as he launched his technique from the sky.
“Starlight Burst! Break it!”
Dan Yingqing launched a powerful technique but the result was still the same as Xuanyuan Wuqiong. The effect was not as he expected, it was silent, that defensive formation just rippled a little.
At this moment, Dan Yingqing’s expression was not pretty good. Li Zheyan’s the only one that was still calm right now. He did not want to waste his energy as Xuanyuan Wuqiong and Dan Yingqing failed. It was evident that the formation was strong, there’s no need for them to waste any more useless effort. The three of them would have to combine their attacks to destroy this formation in a single go.
“Fellow comrades, let’s have a discussion, we need to combine our strength. This defensive formation is definitely out of our expectation. Hehe.” Li Zheyan said with a smile.
The other two silently nodded. Although they did not want to admit it, the fact was evident, the formation could not be broken if they do not join their hands together.
“Alright!”
The trio looked at each other and simultaneously released a powerful qi.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2739 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2740


Chapter 2740
Success is thanks to Jiang Chen, defeat is also because of Jiang Chen.
Xuan Qingming looked towards the three great reverends, feeling pressured. Although one could not break through, what about three? He was worried as the Profound Wind Sect was his root, and the lives of the disciples were on the line.
At this moment, the three of them stared at the barrier.
“Comrades, don’t hold back. We must succeed in this battle. We would only bring shame to ourselves if we could not break this formation.” Li Zheyan said.
They understood his meaning. The formation could not be broken if any one of them held back. They can only break through it together.
“Alright!”
“Alright!”
Xuanyuan Wuqiong and Dan Yingqing nodded solemnly. They do not have much time to waste, their lives are fading away with each passing second.
The three of them were ready, they looked at each other and released their full strength towards the formation.
“Dawn Burst!”
“Heavenly Ghost Dance!”
“Xuanyuan Art, Heavens Quake!”
The three of them used their best techniques, trying to break the formation in a single go, putting their honour on the line.
Xuan Qingming stepped back and the whole Profound Wind Sect faced the attacks with heavy expression. Fear appeared in their hearts. The colour of the sky changed, the earth trembled, it was armageddon. The attacks landed on the barrier and a cracking sound could be heard. Xuan Qingming’s expression changed drastically. Is the barrier breaking apart?
“Has the heavens forsaken Profound Wind Sect?” Xuan Qingming murmured.
The barrier was on the verge of breaking apart from the joint effort of the three Half-Step Hierarchs attack.
“Hahaha, so this is what the barrier amounts to, it’ll be destroyed in less than an hour.” Li Zheyan said with a laugh.
Their attacks spread across the whole barrier and it started to tremble as cracks appeared.
“Us, three great reverends are going to lose face if we could not break this formation. There’s no one in the entire Linhe Boundary that could stop us yet!” Xuanyuan Wuqiong said while shaking his head as his expression became gloomy.
To think this puny Profound Wind Sect is able to force us to do this much, unbelievable. No matter how, it’s going to end soon.
“That formation will be destroyed in less than an hour.” Dan Yingqing said proudly while crossing his arms.
Cracks were appearing on the Profound Wind Sect’s barrier, the cracks started to spread and connect to other cracks like a spider web. Those cracks were akin to the hearts of the disciples slowly cracking away as their lives were certainly on the line.
“Where is Senior Jiang Chen? Is our Profound Wind Sect doomed? I cannot accept this! I still want to break through the Heavenly God Realm!”
“There’s nothing that we can do right now, only god knows where Senior Brother Jiang Chen went to, haih.”
“Our Profound Wind Sect’s ten thousand years of lineage will perish and we won’t survive this. Senior Jiang Chen massacred the whole Clear Stream Sect with no survivor in the end, the Supreme Elder will certainly not let us go.”
“Yeah, Senior Brother Jiang Chen is the pride of our Profound Wind Sect. However, the success is thanks to Jiang Chen, defeat is also because of Jiang Chen.”
Some of them started to resent Jiang Chen. In the face of death, their heart became true to themselves. There’s no such thing as a just and benevolent person in the face of death.
Xuan Qingming looked towards the sky as the formation slowly broke apart. The trio was here to destroy the Profound Wind Sect, there’s no dispute about that. Because Xuan Qingming believed that the end would be the same even if he handed Jiang Zhenhai over. Nothing could be changed. He would rather bring them down with him even if it caused him his life. He’s just sad that he’s going to bring along all the disciples of the sect with him.
Xuan Qingming was deep in thought, anger and sadness filled his heart. There was nothing he could do against such a powerful foe. He’s ashamed to face the ten thousand disciples of the Profound Wind Sect as the Lord of the Sect. He did not hate Jiang Chen as he was the best disciple the sect had, he was his pride.
Xuan Qingming was ready to fight to the death. Fight to the end no matter the result!
The barrier was thinning as cracks kept appearing, the barrier was at its weakest point in less than an hour, it could not defend the Profound Wind Sect anymore.
Xuanyuan Wuqiong and the others’ gaze were burning as the formation was fading.
“I’ve long forgotten the taste of blood.” Li Zheyan said with a smile, like an agent from the underworld, taking the souls of others was his only hobby.
“I did not want to cause such bloodbath but Jiang Chen, that animal must be killed. I shall take his father and bring justice to the world.” Dan Yingqing said coldly and domineeringly.
“That animal massacred my Clear Stream Sect. Today, I shall destroy his Profound Wind Sect as payment for my sect.” Xuanyuan Wuqiong looked at the Profound Wind Sect coldly as his lips curved into a cold smirk.
Jiang Chen shall pay the price in blood. It was his greatest humiliation that the Clear Stream Sect got destroyed. Jiang Chen wouldn’t have been able to cause such havoc if he didnt go into seclusion. He would’ve died in his hand then.
Although the Clear Stream Sect was destroyed, their root was still there, as long he’s still alive, the sect can be reborn. The Clear Stream Sect would rise again in the Linhe Boundary after a hundred years. Although it may not be as powerful as before. All of this was caused by Jiang Chen, he must pay it back in blood! He should straighten up the rules of Linhe Boundary.
*Kaboom*
The barrier was destroyed after a booming sound. The hopes of the disciples shattered. Xuan Qingming’s expression was firm as he prepared to meet his demise.
“Today shall mark the day where the Profound Wind Sect will be destroyed!” Xuanyuan Wuqiong said indifferently.
He proclaimed the destruction of the Profound Wind Sect like a supreme king.
The people of the Profound Wind Sect’s hearts were crushed. It would surely be a massacre, who can face the unstoppable Reverends?
“The destruction of the Profound Wind Sect is not decided by you. Jiang Chen is here! Remnants of Clear Stream Sect, looks like you guys finally came out.” A figure came from the sky with an enormous presence.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2740 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2741


Chapter 2741
It’s Not Madness but Confidence
“Jiang Chen? Is he really Senior Jiang Chen? It’s him!”
“I am not going to die now. Since Senior Jiang Chen is back, he will definitely make these three guys suffer a tremendous defeat.”
“Senior Jiang Chen looks awesome, I will definitely marry a hero like him in the future. He will marry me by riding on the seven-coloured clouds.”
“Hahaha. It seems like my Profound Wind Sect is saved now.”
Some of them shed tears of delight and their depression was dispelled completely at this moment. Jiang Chen was coming down like a life savior. Even though they were not clear about Jiang Chen’s and the other three Hierarch experts’ strength, their senior was the most invincible and irresistible existence for them. At this moment, they believed that Jiang Chen would definitely save them from this desperate and hopeless situation!
No matter how strong Jiang Chen was, his existence itself was like feeding everyone with a pill, which made everyone calm down. It was a great consolation to them.
Jiang Chen had killed countless experts along the way, sweeping over the entire Linhe Boundary. He had eliminated all of his enemies and eradicated the roots of the Clear Stream Sect. All these achievements had made the entire Profound Wind Sect treat Jiang Chen as their greatest role model in life. As Jiang Chen was the most invincible and matchless person in the world. At least within the Linhe Boundary, their Senior Jiang Chen was strong enough to devour the world!
Jiang Chen was the Profound Wind Sect’s source of confidence and belief as they have strong faith in Jiang Chen. Their sect would remain standing as long as Jiang Chen was alive, they would only be eradicated by Jiang Chen’s death.
Xuan Qingming was staring at Jiang Chen silently, his excitement was shown on his face. However, he was the only one who knew how formidable these Hierarch Realm experts were. He was afraid that there was no one who dared to offend these three greatest Hierarch experts, even in the Lone Dragon County as they were all Supreme Elders from the greatest sects. The Clear Stream Sect was eliminated and the Supreme Elders of the three greatest sects were all gathered here. It seemed like war was imminent at this moment.
Even though Xuan Qinming knew that Jiang Chen had a lot of tricks in his bag, those three were old devils who had been living for more than thousands of years. They were considered as the real invincible genius in the world, and the most influential figures who took the lead in Linhe Boundary back in those days. They would’ve kept on cultivating in seclusion if Jiang Chen had not stirred up such great trouble.
At this moment, Xuanyuan Wuqiong and the others fixed their gaze on Jiang Chen. Finally, this guy appeared.
“So, you are Jiang Chen?”
Dan Yingqing said, staring at Jiang Chen sharply.
“What if I say yes? Are you guys looking for me?”
Jiang Chen said with a smile, looking calm and confident. He did not care what these three guys thought. Fortunately, he had returned directly to the Linhe Boundary after he left Liaobei City. Otherwise, the entire Profound Wind Sect would be swept away by these three people if he arrived slightly late.
“Great to hear that. Since you eliminated my Clear Stream Sect, I guess you should know what to do next.”
Xuanyuan Wuqiong said lightly. His eyes met Jiang Chen’s directly, his eyes were filled with killing intent.
Xuanyuan Wuqiong wished that he could smash Jiang Chen into pieces and tore him apart. The thousand years foundation of the entire Clear Stream Sect was utterly destroyed by Jiang Chen. He could not sum up his grudge against Jiang Chen in a few words. It would never be enough even if Jiang Chen was killed and never reborn.
“What I only know is that those who offend me will never survive.”
Jiang Chen stood with his arms folded, looking at the three individuals arrogantly and fearlessly. At this moment, he was already well-prepared. Although the three of them were all Half-step Hierarch experts, he swore not to surrender and he would not surrender. He had burnt his bridges behind him as there were a hundred thousand Profound Wind Sect disciples behind him.
Jiang Chen, however, could not guarantee that he could compete against these three. Even the clone of the Reverend of the Nine Boundaries did not reach the Half-step Hierarch Realm, while these three experts were truly powerful experts who almost reached the Hierarch Realm. It was totally different with the Divine King Realm. Even though there was merely one step away from the Half-step Hierarch Realm and the Divine King Realm, there were some people who could hardly achieve this in their lifetime. Only the one who reached the Hierarch Realm could be considered as the real invincible experts.
“It seems like you don’t realize the current situation yet. Haha.”
Li Zheyan shook his head with a slight smile. He seemed to make nothing of Jiang Chen as he was merely a Half-step Divine King. Moreover, it was a three to one battle. It seemed like Jiang Chen had a slim chance of survival in this life and death battle. Most of them were experts who had been cultivating for more than thousands of years, and they had reached the level of perfection. They were forced to stop their seclusion for one reason, they were here to kill Jiang Chen.
Jiang Chen had eliminated the Clear Stream Sect and he was matchless in the entire Linhe Boundary. However, everyone was waiting for the Supreme Elder of the Clear Stream Sect to strike out. There were countless people deeply concerned with this battle. If Jiang Chen was defeated, the entire Linhe Boundary would surely go into panic and sink into despair. At that time, it would bring an enormous impact to the Linhe Boundary. The Profound Wind Sect would be eliminated while the remaining sects would suffer severe damages and all the forces would be merged together. On the other hand, if Jiang Chen won the fight, everyone would surrender and bow before him.
Even though there was a low chance of winning, this showed that Jiang Chen was competent enough without a doubt since he had destroyed the Clear Stream Sect.
In other words, everyone was waiting for Jiang Chen’s defeat secretly as Jiang Chen had become an extraordinary person in the Linhe Boundary. Once he died, it would stir up the greatest storm within the boundary. Although the Supreme Elder of the Clear Stream Sect was formidable, they were already at death’s door the moment they exited their secluded cultivation. Not only the Supreme Elder of the Clear Stream Sect, even the other two were the same. Even if they were strong enough, it was impossible to restore the entire Clear Stream Sect to its original state. Even the Divine Pill Sect and the Ghost Eye Sect would not be able to do so. Hence, Jiang Chen had become the focus of the entire Linhe Boundary at this moment.
“What is my current situation? Aren’t you guys going to take my life? Let’s see which one of you can do that.”
Jiang Chen looked overbearing and arrogant, he did not care about their threats and oppression.
“Since I eliminated the Clear Stream Sect and killed ten Divine King experts alone, my strength has already been proven. Just attack if you’re interested in getting a taste of it, and stop talking nonsense.”
Obviously, Jiang Chen was talking to the three of them. It did not sound like putting them in their place but Jiang Chen would not be able to gain the upper hand if he did not agitate them. He was doing this to create some kind of threat and pressure on them, mentally. Jiang Chen swore not to let them off easily. After killing them, he would truly become matchless and invincible in Linhe Boundary.
“Truly, newborn calves are not afraid of tigers. You looked confident. But unfortunately, you met us today.”
Xuanyuan Wuqiong sighed, looking extremely cold. It showed that Jiang Chen was undoubtedly strong and talented since he had reached the Half-step Divine King realm at such a young age. Besides, it was just unbelievable that he could eliminate the Clear Stream Sect with this kind of strength, but he was actually able to. Xuanyuan Wuqiong and the others could not help but feel slightly worried. If Jiang Chen was not killed within a hundred years, perhaps a devil would be born in the future.
As Jiang Chen’s strength was growing at a terrifying speed, he would definitely stand out if given enough time to grow.
“Even if you’re all Half-step Hierarch Realm experts, so what? It doesn’t matter who you are, as I will never care about it.”
Jiang Chen said arrogantly. Xuanyuan Wuqiong and the others looked at each other with a smile. How dare Jiang Chen treat a Half-step Hierarch Realm expert so easily? How could a Half-step Divine King Realm expert offend the three of them at the same time. It was the same as digging one’s own grave.
“I am not insane, it is called confidence.”
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2741 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2742


Chapter 2742 My Son Has Never Lost Before
A faint smile flickered across Jiang Chen’s lips as he knew that this would be his last obstacle to success. If he could kill three of them, he would be unbeatable and invincible in the entire Linhe Boundary. No one would dare to go against his will. On the other hand, if he’s defeated in this fight, a legend of the generation would come to a halt .
This was reality and the fight was inevitable. As one of the greatest sects with thousands of years of foundation, it sounded impossible without a Hierarch Realm expert in the Clear Stream Sect. Jiang Chen had expected this to happen. Those old codgers seemed to hate his guts and swore to fight to the death!
“Since you’re so confident, you should go on the trial for your life now. You are not the only one who is going to die today, your family and the entire Profound Wind Sect will be buried together with you. You must take the full responsibility for all the sins that you caused as no one could pay them for you.”
Xuanyuan Wuqiong gazed at Jiang Chen ferociously, full of killing intent. Since Jiang Chen appeared, he would never let him off easily. He was determined to even up the blood debts of the Clear Stream Sect with Jiang Chen and make him pay with his life.
“Hey kid, how could you be so confident? Do you know who you are talking to? Haha. I guess even the Reverend of the Nine Boundaries will show some respect to us.”
Dan Yinging curled his lips and said in disdain.
“Did you just say about the Reverend of the Nine Boundaries? Do you really think that he will care about you? Get over yourself. It’s my first time to meet such a shameless and wicked person like you. A miserable old fool, I think it is used to describe someone like you. Hahaha.”
Jiang Chen burst into laughter, making Dan Yingqing get hot under the collar and looked ghastly white. This guy was just having a tiger by the tail. Dan Yingqing has been staying in Linhe Boundary for more than thousands of years and he was also considered as one of the most influential and respectable figures. How could he remain calm after being criticized by Jiang Chen severely?
In each generation, there were talents and masters in different fields. However, they had never expected this guy to be so arrogant and get on his high horse in front of them, the Supreme Elders.
“Stop talking nonsense, just attack, kid. This will be your last chance.”
Li Zheyan said with a faint smile. After he saw Dan Yingqing’s face turning purple with rage, he did not want to lay himself open to criticism. Apparently, Jiang Chen was not an ordinary person.
“If you beg me on your hands and knees the moment you arrive, perhaps I would have considered sparing your life. But it seems unnecessary now.”
Xuanyuan Wuqiong said in a cold voice, with a terrifying aura. He soared into the sky and a kind of tremendous oppression had enveloped the entire Profound Wind Sect at this moment.
Jiang Chen’s face changed, but he still managed to look peaceful and calm. It seemed like the three of them were going to start the fight soon.
“Do you think Jiang Chen could fight those three old codgers?”
Someone could not help but ask anxiously.
“Who knows? Jiang Chen shouldn’t be afraid of three of them since he has such formidable strength. I believe that Senior Jiang Chen will definitely defeat his opponents badly and bring back a peaceful Profound Wind Sect.”
Someone replied, trying to boost morale.
“I hope so. The elimination of the Clear Stream Sect has placed the other sects in difficulties and danger. I wish that our Profound Wind Sect will not be the second sect that becomes extinct utterly.”
This was the concern of the Profound Wind Sect’s disciples. None of them wished to be separate with their families, become homeless, or even die without figuring out the reason. However, those strong experts who were standing on the top could simply decide their fate in the battle. Even though they felt uncomfortable and unwilling about this, what they could do was to wait for Jiang Chen’s victory.
Countless people were deeply concerned with the fight. They were watching the battle from the mountains, at a distance as they expected both sides had a huge amount to lose.
Jiang Chen was from the new generation. Even though he was strong enough, he was confronting three old codgers who had been living for more than three thousands years. There was probably no one who would dare to underestimate the Hierarch experts who had been cultivating in seclusion for years. Normally, they would not simply stop their seclusion. It was also a fact that this fight would lead to a spectacular change and tremendous storm within the Linhe Boundary undoubtedly. No matter what the ending was, it would stir up a great storm which would affect the citizens of Linhe Boundary.
“I hope that the three Hierarch experts can make Jiang Chen suffer a bad defeat. In that case, this devil will disappear utterly and the entire Linhe Boundary will be peaceful and harmonious again.”
There was someone who said it with a dignified look. He was an elder from the ten greatest sects. Jiang Chen had made him suffer all kinds of hardships in the past but he was helpless as Jiang Chen was an irresistible and unbeatable opponent for him.
“Perhaps it will be good if Jiang Chen eliminates the Clear Stream Sect. However, the moment that Jiang Chen trampled the Clear Stream Sect underfoot, I knew that there would be enormous changes within the Linhe Boundary. If Jiang Chen could stay alive, the Linhe Boundary will be reshuffled. Otherwise, the Linhe Boundary will get into panic. Do you think that you can just treat those Hierarch experts simply? Their appearance will definitely affect the balance of the Linhe Boundary. But there is one thing you must know, they are going to die soon now that they came out from their seclusion even if they are as strong as Hierarch Realm experts. It is true that the Clear Stream Sect was eliminated by Jiang Chen and they could hardly restore it within ten years or hundred years.”
The man beside him went on.
“Not only the Clear Stream Sect, even the Divine Pill Sect and Ghost Eye Sect can hardly regain their feet again. Those sects that were utterly defeated by Jiang Chen had suffered severe damages and dared not to make a rash act. At the moment, they should have taken the opportunity to plan for something secretly. They’re determined to change the Linhe Boundary’s order. But who will be able to change the will of Hierarch Realm experts? At the end, we will only become the victims in the fight.”
“However, some people will arise abruptly if Jiang Chen is alive. At that moment, the powerful will be competing with each other and the Linhe Boundary is going to attain prosperity in a thousand years. So it is possibly the most beneficial for us if Jiang Chen can stay alive. The Profound Wind Sect will definitely rise and the powerful people will be constrained. Hence, Jiang Chen’s death will bring us the greatest disaster while the death of the three Hierarchs will place us in difficulty. However, it would be impossible for both sides to perish together.”
After hearing the elder’s words, everyone felt like being woken up from a dream. What he said was true. If the three Hierarch Realm experts could defeat Jiang Chen, they would never allow the elimination of their sect which had more than thousands of years of history. When they decided to launch the war, they would never be able to make a turnaround forever. The battle between Jiang Chen and the three Hierarch Realm experts was going to affect the powers in the entire Linhe Boundary.
“You guys are too naive. I eliminated the Clear Stream Sect and killed countless strong experts. I have to say they’re just too weak and you guys are going to have the same ending like them.”
Jiang Chen looked arrogant and over-confident, holding the Heavenly Dragon Sword. This fight was inevitable. The blood in his body was raging furiously. He would be matchless if he could cast the Cold River Stone. However, he dared not to treat this easily. It would be a terrible disaster for the Profound Wind Sect and hundreds of thousands of disciples would be sacrificed if he was defeated.
Failure was not allowed for Jiang Chen this time.
Ling Ruyue was holding Jiang Zhenhai tightly, full of anxiety and fear. Jiang Chen was their only backbone at the moment. Once Jiang Chen collapsed, countless people would be buried together with him.
“Jiang Chen, are you confident about this?”
Ling Ruyue asked in a low voice and gritted her teeth. Jiang Zhenhai felt slightly relieved when he heard of Jiang Chen’s return.
“Don’t you worry about it?”
Ling Ruyue heaved a deep sigh.
“In my memory, my son has never lost once. If you find him lost in one day, he will probably lose to himself.”
Jiang Zhenhai said with a dignified look while Ling Ruyue was staring at him blankly.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2742 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2743


Chapter 2743 Never Go Against Him
“Even if he is defeated today, I will not blame him. He was my most outstanding son and I am always proud of him. My son never owes others anything. If he had not appeared today and put others in danger, I would never forgive him. However, he’s here now. I leave no regret.”
“Let’s fight. I am going to see how powerful you are to be so overbearing.”
When Dan Yingqing took a step forward, the colour of heaven and earth changed. They immediately fought, their battle was intense. The Heavenly Dragon Sword roared and soared up to the clouds. The battle finally broke up. Jiang Chen stood up with his sword and wielded it with its dazzling sword light. The scene was stunning.
Jiang Chen did not show any mercy with his sword strikes. Using up all what he got, Jiang Chen immediately casted his dragon transformation and utilised the Ancient Soaring Dragon Technique fully. Although he had not refined the Divine Origin Essence, his sword’s power was fully displayed and even an ordinary Divine King expert would not dare to fight him.
Not to be outdone, Dan Yingqing filled himself with thousands of sharp light rays while holding a colourful giant chain that swept across the entire sky. His oppressive aura had fully covered the entire heaven.
The sword rain of Heavenly Dragon Sword and the colourful giant chains were wrestling fiercely at this moment, making the entire sky extremely terrifying. Jiang Chen’s sword was incomparably sharp; there was nothing that the sword could not pierce through. Meanwhile, Dan Yingqing was also very formidable as he was a Half-step Hierarch expert that no one should underestimate. Jiang Chen would not cast the Ancient Soaring Dragon Technique if the opponent was not this strong. He knew that he could not be reckless in this battle. Although the three great Hierarchs had not stepped into an unparalleled realm yet, Jiang Chen felt that he should still show the Half-step Hierarchs respects.
“What a powerful strike!”
Li Zheyan and Xuanyuan Wuqiong exchanged a glance and saw that each other’s face was full of astonishment. Jiang Chen’s dreadfulness was completely out of their imagination. Jiang Chen, a mere Half-step Divine King, had demonstrated the skills that even a Half-step Hierarch wouldn’t dare to underestimate.
“Great strike!”
Dan Yingqing shouted loudly. They continued their intense fight. The Heavenly Dragon Sword was like an azure dragon able to devour everything. As soon as the sword soul was out, the surrounding area greatly trembled. Even the lightning and thunder in the sky and Dan Yingqing’s rays of lights were overcome by the sword soul.
“Divine Radiance!”
Dan Yingqing was holding the giant chain that covered up the sky. He kept launching dazzling radiance against Jiang Chen, however, Jiang Chen was not an ordinary cultivator whom everyone could defeat. Even though Dan Yingqing was a Half-step Hierarch expert, it was still impossible for him to defeat Jiang Chen!
“Solitary!”
Jiang Chen shouted and slashed the sky with his sword. Dan Yingqing kept stepping back as Jiang Chen’s Solitary was not what it used to be now after it had transformed. The Heavenly Dragon Sword was also no longer what it used to be. Even Jiang Chen did not expect that the sword’s strength had advanced so much after its soul awakened. The sword soul had given the full expression and performance of Sword of Solitude. This was beyond Jiang Chen’s imagination because its power was undescribly strong.
“Brother Jiang is too strong.”
“Yeah. The three old guys seemed to have bad luck as they encountered Jiang Chen. Humph Humph.”
“Things don’t go well. Their battle has involved the outer area of the Profound Wind Sect. Luckily, we have gotten out of that area.”
Countless people were in cold sweat and looked terrified.
The battle between Jiang Chen and Dan Yingqing was very terrifying. The void within a hundred thousand miles was burning in fire. Some parts of the outer sect areas had been affected and numerous mountains were shattered. Luckily, they had already withdrawn himself from the place as Xuan Qingming had already foreseen this might happen. Everyone was inside the inner sect area now.
Xuan Qingming became serious now. He had foreseen this would happen. A Half-step Hierarch’s battle strength was sufficient to destroy heaven and earth. The Profound Wind Sect would become their battlefield and was affected badly.
Jiang Chen and Dan Yingqing were both repulsed by their own strikes. No one managed to gain the upper hand in the battle. Jiang Chen’s strength had indeed terrified them. There was a huge gap between a Half-step Divine King and a Half-step Hierarch. However, Jiang Chen managed to be neck and neck with Dan Yingqing in the battle.
Undeniably, Jiang Chen’s sword was incredibly terrifying to everyone. Those who were hiding in the dark to watch the battle were dumbstruck. They had heard about Jiang Chen’s dreadfulness before but they never saw him display it with their own eyes. Today, they were all stunned as they watched at the battle scene. He was an unparalleled genius, a monstrous figure whom one only appeared once every hundred thousand years.
At this very moment, the citizens of the entire Linhe Boundary put their attention on Jiang Chen.
Everyone had the same thought at the moment: Never go against this man!
It was impossible for all those elders to reach Half-step Hierarch Realm. Jiang Chen had stolen the night in the battle. His sword had shown his invincible aura to those elders and experts.
However, Jiang Chen frowned his forehead slightly at the moment because if they continued the battle here, the Profound Wind Sect would suffer a disaster. If something terrible happened to the sect, he would not know how to explain to Xuan Qingming. He would not want this to happen.
This battle would definitely bring disaster to the place and destroy the natural landscape badly.
“Hahaha. I never expected that a Half-step Hierarch expert is only like this.”
Jiang Chen said with mad laughter. He indeed had such capability to be arrogant. This was an undeniable fact and even Dan Yingqing had to admit Jiang Chen’s strength. Jiang Chen was even more formidable than many of the so-called monstrous geniuses. It would be a bad news to the world if Jiang Chen continued to grow his strength.
In other words, he was like a demon king. Dan Yingqing would not allow Jiang Chen to continue to grow and let the worst happen.
“The two of you, don’t you want to join hands to overcome him together now? What are you waiting for? This guy is really unusual.”
Dan Yingqing said with a deep voice. He would not allow others to steal the night in the past, however, it’s a different case now.
All of them only had another one hundred years to live. Initially, they wanted to be isolated from the outside world to cultivate their realm and absorb the spiritual air in order to attempt to break through the Hierarch Realm. However, they were out now and this battle would definitely cause great damage to their body strength. It’s not a time for the three of them to have a competition now. They could not let Jiang Chen take the advantage.
Li Zheyan and Xuanyuan Wuqiong were well-aware of this too. They could not have a life-and-death battle now. That was why they were not angry at Dan Yingqing’s action. They would do the same if they were him.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2743 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2744


Chapter 2744
Great Escape
5th of the week!
Do support us in Patreon if you are able to!
“Alright. Let’s join hands to get rid of the root to prevent future disaster.”
Li Zheyan said in a deep voice. How could experts like them be afraid of being gossiped? Even if there were people saying that they had joined hands to bully the weak, so what? After killing Jiang Chen, they would be the rulers of Linhe Boundary.
“Jiang Chen, I have to admit that you’re indeed very strong. The aura of your sword is really terrifying. At such a young age, your strength is really astonishing. Unfortunately, you will still die soon because you won’t have any chance to take advantage of infront of absolute experts. You will die without a place to bury your body today.”
Xuanyuan Wuqiong looked at Jiang Chen and said. Although Jiang Chen was almost similar to him in terms of strength, Jiang Chen could still be killed in Xuanyuan Wuqiong’s eyes.
“I don’t even care about any one of you. Why would I be afraid of the three of you? Hahaha.”
Jiang Chen stood with pride while pointing his sword at Xuanyuan Wuqiong. At this moment, his overbearing aura was impressive, attracting many young ladies in Profound Wind Sect. There were also many young men swearing to catch up to Jiang Chen’s footstep and become an unparalleled expert. Jiang Chen had become a great inspiration to many people in the Profound Wind Sect.
“Alright. You are full of determination and heroism, however, you have already stepped into the path of becoming a villain. You are a killer who would continue to kill countless people. You are supposed to go to hell and don’t deserve to get reincarnation.”
Li Zheyan said in a deep voice.
“Come on, just come fight together. Why would I be afraid of you?”
Jiang Chen stood up and ascended to the sky, holding the Heavenly Dragon Sword in his hand.
“I will let you know what justice means. I am going to restore justice to the world. Don’t get out of this place, traitor!”
Xuanyuan Wuqiong and others followed Jiang Chen, flying up to the sky. This battle would definitely stir up a storm in Linhe Boundary.
Jiang Chen knew that this time, he had bragged too much. Confronting a Half-step Hierarch had already taken up most of his strength. He had the confidence to confront a Half-step Hierarch expert and defeating the opponent was within his capability. However, he had no clue how to handle the alliance of three Half-step Hierarch experts.
Although the Ghost Prison Ashura Sword Formation would be able to eliminate a Half-step Hierarch expert, would he have enough time to set up the formation in front of these experts? They were not foolish enough to allow him to set up the formation. Jiang Chen could only count on his own skill now to fight the battle at the cost of his own life.
Holding the Heavenly Dragon Sword, Jiang Chen did not have any fear. However, his strength was still very limited to deal with three Half-step Hierarch experts. The experts’ strength was out of his imagination. Even if he used up his utmost effort, he could only overcome one of them. Jiang Chen’s life was certainly at risk in this battle.
“Great chain crosses the river and locks the heavens!”
Dan Yingqing took action again without any hesitation. His attack blocked all of Jiang Chen’s path of retreat. Gigantic waves rolled towards him and broke the void. Jiang Chen was once again repulsed by Dan Yingqing.
“Ghost messes up the universe!”
Li Zheyan roared unceasingly. Countless phantoms covered up the sky while ghastly howling filled up the entire place that seemed to be falling anytime. The universe seemed to be shattered by the phantoms at this moment while they were attacking Jiang Chen.
Jiang Chen was under the suppression of two experts now. It was extremely difficult for him to use any skill.
“Three Thousand Flames Dragon Seal!”
As soon as the dragon seal was launched, the heavens and earth became a mess. Three thousand flame dragons were spurted out and crashed into the hundreds and thousands of phantoms. Chaos was everywhere and the sky was full of flame. The entire Linhe Boundary was trembling and it was full of flaming radiance.
“XuanYuan Seal! Dragon breaks the sky!”
Xuanyuan Wuqiong was the last to take action but it was the most dreadful strike. Dealing with the alliance, Jiang Chen was extremely careful and in great danger.
Jiang Chen’s Heavenly Dragon Battle Armour was also broken at this moment. The Xuanyuan Seal was the most ferocious. A horned dragon broke through the chains and the phantoms took the lead in the onslaught.
“Freezing Three Thousand Li!”
Jiang Chen swept across the sky and his sword shook the entire heavens. Freezing Three Thousand Li was able to eliminate many phantoms, however, the number of phantoms kept increasing and striking Jiang Chen. He was in a passive position right now and if the situation continued, his situation would become very risky.
“Although Jiang Chen is formidable, he is dealing with three powerful Half-step Hierarch experts. It’s hard to predict the ending now.”
“Yea, I am afraid that Jiang Chen would be defeated this time. The three Half-step Hierarch experts are the supreme elders for many years.”
“I hope that both of them will be defeated at the end. Haha.”
There were many people watching the battle on the mountain. They were very concerned with the great battle because Jiang Chen’s victory or defeat would bring a huge impact to the entire Linhe Boundary.
Jiang Chen used up all of his strength. In the beginning, the three experts only tried to test Jiang Chen’s strength, but now they had pushed Jiang Chen to his limit. He did not have any tricks to turn the situation around.
Jiang Chen had already purposely retreated himself to leave the Profound Wind Sect because he wanted to fight without any hesitation. Even if he was unable to defeat his opponents, he could still escape and leave the place to ensure the safety of Profound Wind Sect. Anyhow, his father was still inside the Profound Wind Sect.
“Killing me isn’t that easy!”
Jiang Chen was suppressed by the three experts completely. Even if the Nine Heaven God Emperor was here, there would not be any chance for Jiang Chen to gain the victory. Jiang Chen could only escape the place right now.
“Fire Qilin, help me protect my father.”
In a flash, Jiang Chen casted a fire shadow that fell into the void between the mountains.
“Your father won’t die as long as I am still alive.”
The Fire Qilin’s firm voice echoed in Jiang Chen’s mind. It was enough for Jiang Chen to hear the Fire Qilin’s words as it was a promise that was based on one’s life. It was a wholehearted promise! Jiang Chen was worried that there would be people that would harm his father and Profound Wind Sect because he had made too many enemies in this place.
The Fire Qilin had already reached the Mid Divine King Realm. It would not be easy for anyone in Linhe Boundary to threaten him. It had been already hard for the Clear Stream Sect Sect Lord to kill the Fire Qilin in the past. Moreover, the Fire Qilin was no longer who he used to be as he had already obtained the inheritance.
Jiang Chen turned himself into a ray of light, soaring up to the sky. He casted the Great Void Technique as he could only escape now!
“It’s not easy for you to escape. Since you are already here, your death is already imminent.”
The three of them followed Jiang Chen tightly. How could these Half-step Hierarch experts be slower than Jiang Chen? Even if Jiang Chen used the Great Void Technique, he might not be able to get rid of the three of them.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2744 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2745


Chapter 2745
Accidentally Entered the Dead Zone
6th of the week!
Do support us in Patreon if you are able to!
Jiang Chen dared not to be slow because the alliance of the three experts was indeed dreadful. He could not compete with them at the moment, so he could only run for now!
The three experts were all at the Half-step Hierarch Realm. Jiang Chen only had a fifty percent chance to win if he fought with one of them. But there were three of them joining hands now, and their strength could even destroy the entire Linhe Boundary. Although Jiang Chen was arrogant and confident, he was not a fool. If they really start an all out fight in the Profound Wind Sect, the sect would be completely destroyed and eradicated.
After Jiang Chen and the others left the place, the atmosphere in the entire Linhe Boundary became uncertain. Some people kept tracing their location as they wanted to witness the battle. Although no one knew what the battle result would be, they had already been stunned by their combat strength.
“Where did that guy go?”
Li Zheyan shouted and took the lead, rushing to the front. The four of them moved as fast as shooting stars, and no one was able to pinpoint their exact location clearly.
Since the experts kept chasing Jiang Chen, Jiang Chen could foresee that a great fight was inevitable. Undeniably, Jiang Chen would be repulsed by the three experts badly and would not have any chance to take any action. Fortunately, no one could beat his speed of recovery. Even though he had suffered some minor injuries, he could also recover in a very short period of time. His speed of recovery had completely constrained the experts’ suppression on him. They could only repulse him but it was not easy for them to eliminate or kill Jiang Chen.
Jiang Chen knew that he could only show his strength by using guerilla tactics. This was his only way. His quick recovery speed would provide him the opportunity to launch attacks the moment those old experts started getting exhausted. However, these Half-step Hierarch experts were not the same to those normal Divine King Realm experts. They had mastered the trick of absorbing the spiritual qi between the heavens and earth, and they were extremely strong. It was not a big problem for them to recover their strength in a short time.
“Show me where you can go. I will let you have no place to go after you die.”
Dan Yingqing said overbearingly while striking heavy blows towards Jiang Chen. Jiang Chen had already learnt not to fight head on, but to dodge in the battle, instead. Even if they were formidable, Jiang Chen could still dodge their attacks easily with the Great Void Technique. He wanted to drag the battle for a longer time to use up the old experts’ energy. Sometimes, it was not necessary to fight with absolute skill to defeat the opponent. If one’s strength was limited, a flexible mindset would play a vital role in the battle.
“Come on, hurry up!”
Jiang Chen said while squinting his eyes. He only sent out some attacks when it’s necessary otherwise he had only been running around.
It had been three days and three nights!
Jiang Chen fought with them without taking any rest. Even the three Half-step Hierarch experts found the battle a bit unbearable now. They had been in an intense chase in these three days but Jiang Chen did not take much effort in counter attacking them. He had been just running nonstop.
Jiang Chen had been running and running, while Xuanyuan Wuqiong and the others had been chasing and chasing. However, Jiang Chen was still full of vim and vigor whereas the other three experts had been exhausted.
“This bastard has been running non-stop. It’s too difficult.”
Dan Yingqing had been living for a hundred thousand years, and he was considered as a weirdo among the Supreme Elders, but he could not help cursing Jiang Chen. Jiang Chen had been playing the Hawk Catch Chicken game and had no intention to confront them head on. They knew about Jiang Chen’s trick, but what could they do?
After three days and three nights of chasing, the old men finally hesitated if they should continue chasing.
“Obviously, this bastard has been playing with us. If we don’t catch him in time, I am afraid that we would be fully exhausted. At that time, we might lose our upper hand.”
Xuanyuan Wuqiong said in a low voice, looking solemn. Jiang Chen had only confronted them face-to-face less than ten times in these three days. They were only able to land heavy blows against Jiang Chen twice as the other times Jiang Chen escaped their attacks. They could not help feeling the pressure too.
“Look! The guy seems not to know what kind of place that is. Hehehe.”
Li Zheyan said, ehis mouth carried a cunning smile. When Xuanyuan Wuqiong and Dan Yingqing looked at that place, both of them were shocked too.
“This guy is seriously not afraid of it as he doesn’t know what that place is. Hahaha.”
Dan Yingqing said after being stunned for a second.
“Luo Feng Valley! It has been many years since someone dared to come near to this valley of death. Many years ago, two Divine Emperor Realm experts went missing after they entered the valley. It has been seventy thousand years or more.”
Xuanyuan Wuqiong murmured. This was one of the most terrifying places in the Linhe Boundary. In Lone Dragon County, there were two deadly places. One was the dead territory in the Northern Cold Divine Region, the other one was here.
“It’s said that there were many divine experts and demons who were buried in the Luo Feng Valley. A great war happened that involved hundreds and thousands of casualties. Even the Peacock Great Bright Lord was killed here.”
“The Peacock Great Bright Lord? Hehe. It’s just a legend. Those experts have already gotten out of the mortal realm. When I was young, I heard from a Supreme Elder who came back to Linhe Boundary from Central Region Divine Land. He said that the Peacock Great Bright Lord is immortal like a Phoenix Nirvana. His life is endless. Even if he died, he would be reborn again one day.
Xuanyuan Wuqiong said in a deep voice. He looked very solemn because even though the Peacock Great Bright Lord was only something he had heard of, the dead valley’s existence was real.
“Sigh. We are also invincible, however, our lifetime is limited.”
Dan Yinqing said emotionally. He had been living for more than seventy thousand years, but he was not able to continue to fight with the others under the heavens. This was his biggest regret.
“We, humans, could only become immortal when there’s no disturbance and pressure. If one is really immortal and holds the highest realm forever, what’s the point? If we do not go through the great war in the past and our body was not injured, our potential and lifetime would not be limited actually.”
Li Zheyan shook his head and smiled bitterly.
“Central Region Divine Land was the dream place for every cultivator. Unfortunately, we don’t have such honor to go there anymore. Those talented experts who had broken through the Late Divine King Realm have already shown their talent and achievement in the Central Region Divine Land. Although most of us fell and might not achieve our dream to reach the Central Region Divine Land, at least we did not waste our life time. We could only continue to live until the end of our life.”
Xuanyuan Wuqiong’s eyes showed a bit of melancholy but what he said was exactly true. Divine Kings were rare and Hierarch were even rarer. Becoming a Hierarch expert was not solely based on one’s talent.
Xuanyuan Wuqiong and the others wanted to reach the Central Region Divine Land yet they did not dare to go.
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2745 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2746


Chapter 2746 Zhou Mountain Ridge, Luo Feng Valley
Experts above the Late Divine King Realm will travel towards the Central Region Divine Land, the temple of immortality, the symbol of unceasing growth, to continuously break through and become better than others, to gain absolute authority, to have his name written in the stream of history.
Anyone who reached the Late Divine King Realm would gain power in a county or become a major player in that place, but would a true genius be confined at such a back-water place? Divine King Realm was easy to reach, only Hierarch experts were well-respected in the Central Region Divine Land.
“This fella dares to enter Luo Feng Valley recklessly, looks like he’s clueless about that place” Li Zheyan sneered.
“I need to see his corpse if he’s really dead. I will chase him to the ends of the world, unless he runs inside the Luo Feng Valley.” Xuanyuan Wuqiong said as he swiftly flew towards Jiang Chen’s location.
“Brother Xuanyuan is right, I demand his corpse unless he has entered the Luo Feng Valley.” Dan Yingqing said while gritting his teeth as he quickly followed.
The trio chased Jiang Chen down for 10,000 li. Jiang Chen realised that he was chased towards a giant-tall moat, one that he couldn’t even see the end of.
“Sh*t.”
Jiang Chen did not realise that he was pushed towards a dead-end. Dark clouds surrounded the area, gloomy and dark. He realised that there were no animals in the surrounding area, it was definitely a dangerous place!
The most curious thing was the giant ridge in front, with a giant moat where the bottom could not be seen, with mist covering one’s sight to boot. It was definitely a dangerous place as his divine origin energy started becoming uneasy.
It was reasonable for Jiang Chen not to move and cross the canyon.
“Looks like those three fellas had caught up.” Jiang Chen muttered.
Everything shall be decided in this battle. Three days, Jiang Chen knew that the trio were still full of energy.
“Hahaha, why don’t you try and cross the deep and dark canyon?”
Li Zheyan said with a laugh as he appeared on the eastern side of Jiang Chen’s location.
“Looks like this fearless little bastard also knows what fear is. Heh.”
Dan Yingqing harrumphed as he appeared on the western side of Jiang Chen’s location.
Xuanyuan Wuqiong appeared right in front of Jiang Chen. They had surrounded him on top of the canyon.
“Looks like you’re not too foolish, you would’ve died if you chose to cross the edge.” Xuanyuan Wuqiong said.
Jiang Chen frowned. The trio obviously knew much more about the location compared to him and they were extremely vigilant.
“What is this place?”
“Zhou Mountain Ridge, Luo Feng Valley! The most dangerous place within Linhe Boundary, one of the two deadly places within the Lone Dragon County and also one of the six deadly places of the Northern Cold Divine Region! What do you think?” Li Zheyan’s smile was getting thicker as he stared at Jiang Chen as if he was a prey that was ready to be slaughtered.
Jiang Chen’s expression slightly changed. Although he did not know how dangerous this place was, but to be regarded as one of the six deadly places of the Northern Cold Divine Region, it must be indeed dangerous.
Nobody knew exactly how big the Northern Cold Divine Region was. It shouldn’t be small since it’s one of the nine largest divine regions of the world. The Lone Dragon County was just a county within the Northern Cold Divine Region, and Linhe Boundary was the tiniest region within the county. Jiang Chen knew that he was pushed into a corner by these three old fellas.
“Looks like I’m all out of options.” Jiang Chen sighed.
“Perhaps we’ll let you go if you jump from here.” Li Zheyan said with a wicked smile, causing Jiang Chen to think that it would probably be a worse death than fighting them if he jumped.
“Perhaps I’ll think about it if you accompany me.” Jiang Chen smiled.
“Naive child, we’ll do you the honor since only death awaits you.” Dan Yingqing said.
Jiang Chen became silent for a second as he looked back towards the dark abyss, he felt a strong force of attraction from the bottom, pulling him towards it, giving him quite a shock. That force of attraction was pretty mysterious and the Heavenly Dragon Sword was giving off a vibrating sound.
“Is the Heavenly Dragon Sword afraid of something?” Jiang Chen murmured.
“However, I plan to live a long life even though you guys plan to die. Today, I, Jiang Chen, shall show the world what it means to go against me.” Jiang Chen jumped straight towards the trio with his blade with extreme vigour and confidence.
“Good! No wonder you’re Linhe Boundary’s once in a lifetime’s demon king. However, no matter how cocky or how powerful you are, you’ll never get away from us. You’re still but a child in our eyes.”
Xuanyuan Wuqiong stared at Jiang Chen angrily as they launched their attacks towards him.
“Good, I haven’t been able to fight with my all for quite some time. Hahaha.”
Jiang Chen fearlessly faced the trio even though he was at a disadvantage. However, his blade was a threat for the trio as they had to use a great amount of energy to block those sword strikes. Jiang Chen could stand proud and face the world even if he lost in this battle.
He’s facing three Half-Step Hierarchs. There won’t be many people who had done such a feat before, plus, he’s just a Half-Step Divine King.
Jiang Chen used everything he had and performed sword strikes after sword strikes. However, he had been fighting for ten days straight and was extremely weakened, still, he fought on after suffering injuries and recovering, this cycle continued to repeat and the trio did not expect Jiang Chen to be this difficult to defeat, just like a roly-poly that comes back up after pushing it down.
A normal Half-Step Hierarch would’ve been killed by the trio long ago. Yet Jiang Chen managed to hang on until then, the trio’s expression became pale as the battle went on, Jiang Chen was definitely like a cockroach, one that’s hard to kill.
“I will not accept this! If I, Xuanyuan Wuqiong, am unable to kill him!”
“This time, I’ll make sure to see to the end with my life on the line.”
“What is there to fear with our lives ending?! Fight to the end!”
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2746 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2747


Chapter 2747 The Voice of the Sword’s Soul
The trio lost their patience towards Jiang Chen and wanted to go all-in even if it means injuring themselves.
Jiang Chen wiped away the blood on his lips and looked at them coldly. He knew that they were seriously trying to end him with one blow.
“I don’t believe that you guys are able to break through my Ancestral Dragon Pagoda!” Jiang Chen shouted.
Jiang Chen took out the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda and a golden light covered his body. The trio took the change with vigilance.
“Xuanyuan Art, Big Dipper Sword!”
Xuanyuan Wuqiong led the attack with his swift and powerful sword technique from the Xuanyuan Art. However, the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda was unfazed by those attacks, but Jiang Chen still took some recoil from it. The trio continuously pummeled the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda and the recoil build-up caused Jiang Chen to suffer another lethal injury, the heaviest in this whole battle!
The trio gasped for air, they had used everything they had as their life was going out, yet they still couldn’t defeat Jiang Chen.
The reason why Jiang Chen did not hide in the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda was because he did not want to be a coward. Still, the opponents were too strong, his sturdy body felt like it was being torn apart by several bulls from different directions.
The trio’s injuries deepened but Jiang Chen was in a worse state. He was able to last this long all thanks to the Myriad Qi recovering his body, otherwise, the wood spirit alone could not handle this.
“He’s not dead.” Dan Yingqing expression’s was pale and disappointed.
These three Half-Step Hierarchs were not able to kill a Half-Step Divine King, their honour was tarnished.
Xuanyuan Wuqiong and Li Zheyan were extremely angry too. Jiang Chen was still standing and they were literally just a step away from dying.
They probably did not know that Jiang Chen was in a much worse state than they are.
“I… want… to go…”
Suddenly, a young voice was heard in his mind, it was an assuring voice.
“This? The voice of the soul of the sword?”
Jiang Chen was both shocked and happy. This was their first communication, he was sure that it was the sword’s voice. But how does it have such a voice? He was puzzled, and he couldn’t help but look towards the giant deep dark abyss.
Jiang Chen wouldn’t have looked back if the sword did not voice out. Because that attraction force felt like it could suck his whole being into it. He was pretty confident in his abilities but not towards the six most deadly places in the world.
It was like a giant maw of a beast that devours everything that falls into it. That fear comes from deep within one’s soul.
“Well then, let’s go have a look, and see what’s in store in that deep and dark chasm.”
Jiang Chen glanced towards the trio and emitted a killing intent.
Xuanyuan Wuqiong and the others looked at each other. They were not afraid of death, but their reputation would be tarnished if they were to return with no result.
Their past glory must not be tarnished and forgotten.
The trio looked towards the Southern part of the Central Region Divine Land.
“Since we’re unable to reach our destination, this battle shall become our final turning point. I too wanted to see how terrifying the legendary Luo Feng Valley is!”
The trio had made a decision as they wanted to bring Jiang Chen down to the Luo Feng Valley, the latter also felt the same. The four of them went into a melee and all of them fell into the Luo Feng Valley.
“Hahaha, unexpected, totally unexpected! Jiang Chen and the three Supreme Elders fell into the Luo Feng Valley. This is exciting. Hahaha.”
“Shocking, Jiang Chen, the Supreme Elders of the three great sects are all dead. A turbulent time will fall on Linhe Boundary, a great war between clans will begin. I wonder who will become the final ruler.”
“Holy sh*t! Is that true? Am I seeing things? The four of them really fell into the Luo Feng Valley, this is God’s guidance, from now on, the Linhe Boundary will undergo a great change.”
The news of Jiang Chen, Xuanyuan Wuqiong and the others falling into the Luo Feng Valley was spread across the whole Linhe Boundary. Countless sects were celebrating and some were making preparation as the pinnacle experts of the place were gone. Ambitious sects were all celebrating as they prepared their arms…
Jiang Chen destroyed the Clear Stream Sect and severely pummeled the ten great sects. A feat that truly shook the whole Linhe Boundary. Those ambitious sects will certainly grab ahold of this opportunity! A great turbulence shall befall the place.
Zhou Mountain Ridge, Luo Feng Valley! One of the six deadly places of the Northern Cold Divine Region. Nobody knew how terrifying that place was as it was passed down through legends and rumours. No one was able to come back after entering the place, without exception.
A huge and deep chasm that was filled with dark clouds.
Jiang Chen did not know how long the fall lasted as everything was dark. He could only see as far as a hundred meters, there was no sun, it was chaos. After a long time, he finally reached the bottom of the valley but he did not die thanks to his sturdy body.
Xuanyuan Wuqiong and the others were in a devastated state too, but they did not die from the fall. Their bodies were severely injured and their divine origin energy completely was gone.
Jiang Chen was slightly better compared to them.
The surrounding area was covered by ancient trees that were at least millions of years old. Jiang Chen’s keen eyesight could not even see the edge of the place.
Tree vines intertwining between those shattered bones of men.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2747 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2748


Chapter 2748
The sound of the wind was not too loud within the valley but it felt like it could blow one’s soul, that powerful pressure caused Jiang Chen to feel like his body was being cursed as his strength was suppressed by a mysterious energy. However, the Myriad Qi within his body slowly pushed everything out.
“This Myriad Qi is pretty awesome.”
At this moment, he felt the Myriad Qi dispersing the pressure from his body. The Myriad Qi enabled his body to be invulnerable to all curses and poisons.
He squinted his eyes and saw the trio was packed up with ugly expressions.
“Is this the bottom of the Luo Feng Valley? To think all three of us are still alive.” Li Zheyan breathed out a sigh of relief.
The bottom of the Luo Feng Valley that everyone feared, it was a miracle that they were still alive. Were they destined to become famous? Li Zheyan became excited as he thought of it, and it looked like the Luo Feng Valley was just a sham.
“Just a false alarm, haha, to think we’re still alive. Perhaps, the heavens have opened up a path for us. We will certainly reign supreme upon the Linhe Boundary, conquer the Lone Dragon County, probably even the Northern Cold Divine Region and enter the Central Region Divine Land.”Dan Yingqing said excitedly.
They would surely become famous if they could leave the Luo Feng Valley.
“Do not look down on this Luo Feng Valley, many have fallen before us and died a horrible death, we’re probably just lucky to be alive.” Xuanyuan Wuqiong muttered vigilantly as the surrounding area was filled with white bones.
Dan Yingqing, slightly stunned said while shaking his head:
“Old Man Xuanyuan, you’re way too nervous. Although I too thought the same when I fell into this place, however, we were probably just overthinking it. The Luo Feng Valley has many legends and rumours, but do you really know anyone who has truly died in this place? All we had were rumours and legends, causing this place to become mysterious that no one dared to enter this place. As a matter of fact, we have not seen nor knew anyone who has entered here. It’s just rumors that caused this place to become one of the six deadly places of the Northern Cold Divine Region, perhaps we all have been fooled by our ancestors.”
Dan Yingqing’s words made Xuanyuan Wuqiong and Li Zheyan slightly stunned. His words made them calm down as it was reasonable. It’s probably due to the legends passed down by their ancestors that no one else had entered the Luo Feng Valley.
A reasonable explanation indeed, and thus the three of them became slightly calm.
“Brother Dan, you’re spot on. Hahaha. We’re just too vigilant, it looks like the ancestors of Linhe Boundary were wrong, causing us to be misled. We shall become the center of attention of the whole Linhe Boundary and Lone Dragon County. I wonder whether we could take this chance to reach the Hierarch Realm. Haha.” Li Zheyan was as excited as the other two.
They did not know what lies ahead, but at least they were not as scared as before.
“Let’s see how mysterious this Luo Feng Valley really is.” Xuanyuan Wuqiong said.
He too gained his confidence after listening to the other two. Looks like I am just too nervous, those legends must not be true.
“Alright, the three of us shall reign supreme in the Lone Dragon County, such an exciting thought.” Li Zheyan excitedly rubbed his palm.
The trio looked at each other and moved forward.
“The three of you are pretty in sync. Leaving and going as you guys pleased?” Jiang Chen sneered.
These three fools must have gone senile after their long seclusion. To think they’re this carefree after entering the Luo Feng Valley,
“You’re still alive?” Dan Yingqing said angrily.
“Aren’t you guys the same? You guys should be the one dead, I still have a long life to go, there are still many things in this world that I still haven’t experienced. Old guys like you should just quietly pass away, there’s no pity in it.” Jiang Chen watched them with his arms cross.
He could feel that they do not have a shred of divine origin qi within their body, they’re just mortals now, what is there to fear?
Jiang Chen analysed and hypothesized that it’s probably due to the Myriad Qi that allowed him to retain his strength. However, the surrounding air made him pretty uncomfortable, that pressure came from deep within his heart.
The trio had become mortals without any strength. He scoffed at their naivety as they still think this was a peaceful place.
“Jiang Chen, you damned fiend! Let’s see how you face us three in this valley!” Xuanyuan Wuqiong said.
“Let’s silence him for good, I, Li Zheyan, will kill you to quell the souls of my dead Ghost Eye Sect disciples.” Li Zheyan launched a quick palm strike, but nothing happened.
Jiang Chen stood there silently and looked at him coldly.
Xuanyuan Wuqiong, Dan Yingqing and Li Zheyan were dumfounded. What happened?
“Hap!” Li Zheyan once again struck but the result was still the same.
“How could this be happening? Why could I not muster up any energy?” Li Zheyan was in shock.
He could not accept the fact that he became this powerless. He shouldn’t be this weak even if he was severely injured. Xuanyuan Wuqiong and Dan Yingqing felt something was terribly wrong, no divine origin energy could be found within their bodies.
“What is happening?”
The trio look towards Jiang Chen, the latter said coldly:
“This is karma. Taste my palm.”
Jiang Chen then threw out a palm strike without holding back. The three old men were immediately thrown backwards and were rammed into an old tree. Bone snapping and cracking sounds could be heard. Death flashed across their eyes. They, who were once fearless and powerful, suddenly became powerless mortals. This sudden change was much more terrifying than death, as if their soul were taken out from them by force.
“No… this is impossible! Impossible!” Xuanyuan Wuqiong and the others could not accept the fact. They became mad as they shouted.
Jiang Chen only used 10% of his strength and they were already dying. They had become mortals, mortals with a Hierarch body but without anything to back it up.
“The three of you are now mere mortals, what is there for me to fear? Hahaha.”
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2748 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2749


Chapter 2749 All Dragons and Phoenixes Shall Fall
Jiang Chen was like an all-powerful god. Xuanyuan Wuqiong and the others were dumbfounded. They did not expect to lose all their powers in this valley, becoming mere mortals. It was much scarier than being killed by Jiang Chen.
Not being able to get back what they have after possessing such massive strength. To experience such a fall right before their deaths, even Jiang Chen felt pity towards the three. Not even Jiang Chen could take it as power signifies everything in this world. Being rid of one’s dream and becoming a mere mortal, thousands and millions of years of cultivation, gone in an instant, what is all for nothing?
Any individual would mentally collapse. Jiang Chen finally knew why this place was named Luo Feng Valley. Those who fell in this valley would become nothing, even the mighty phoenix.
Their souls received a massive shock after experiencing such a fall, they would naturally die without Jiang Chen finishing them.
“I finally understood, Luo Feng Valley, Luo Feng Valley, all dragons and phoenix shall fall. Hehehe.” Xuanyuan Wuqiong muttered with a smirk that was both sad and bitter. *Luo = fall, Feng = Phoenix,*
This blurred look of his meant that he had given up everything.
Dan Yingqing and Li Zheyan were the same. They had all become mortals, losing the right to pursue absolute power and authority, what is there to continue living for?
Instantly, Jiang Chen realised many things, this Luo Feng Valley was not just a dangerous place, it was also a place of fortune, yet, how many men could recover themselves after experiencing such a drastic change? Extremely hard! He could see the perplexed look and despair in their eyes. He too would’ve been the same if it wasn’t for the Myriad Qi.
At this moment, a sudden gust of wind came, the leaves on the ground were blown away, the bones rattled. It was a piercing sound, the gust of wind wasn’t strong but was like a sharp dark blade.
Truthfully, he did not feel much about that gust of wind. However, the trio withered the moment it blew past them, everything melted, leaving only a pool of bloody mess and white bones. He was slightly stunned by the scene but understood that they had become mortals and couldn’t withstand it. They were not even Void Gods as they do not have divine origin energies within their bodies anymore.
He was unaffected as he still possessed his strength.
The mighty Half-Step Hierarchs that were once one of the few powerful figures within the Lone Dragon County. To die such a pitiful death in the Luo Feng Valley, it was truly sad. But it was also a closure as these near-dead old men finally ended the chapters in their long life. From nothing since their birth to amassing a great deal of power then returning back to nothingness at the end of their lives.
The three Half-Step Hierarchs became history. He felt a sense of dread and pressure from deep within his heart. Even so, he still possessed his strength and that dark wind could not affect him.
He was pretty shocked by the Luo Feng Valley, it could devour the strength of men, causing those who were once powerful to fall to the state of normal mortal men. Nobody could accept it. Plus, the seemingly calm Luo Feng Valley would deprive a person of his strength without anything to defend against it. A simple threat that even a True God could solve became extremely lethal.
Therefore, those that arrived at the bottom of the Luo Feng Valley were all mortals which faced such a scene, nobody could change it, what awaited them was death.
His Heavenly Dragon Sword was shaking heavily as if something was pulling it.
He breathed out a sigh of relief after understanding the mystery behind the Luo Feng Valley. At least he still retained his strength, able to protect himself.
“The soul of the Heavenly Dragon Sword sensed something, otherwise, I wouldn’t risk coming here. Now, let’s see what lies within this Luo Feng Valley.” Jiang Chen muttered.
The trio had already died and he did not plan to stay idle, he then proceeded to figure out his surroundings.
He travelled across the Luo Feng Valley for ten days straight but couldn’t find anything special, only those evil winds. Those stronger than the True God Realm could withstand it. The whole place was littered with white bones and nothing else.
He had travelled 300,000 li for the ten whole days but nothing was found. The difference between Luo Feng Valley and other valleys was that it was filled with white bones, human bones, bones from beasts and some giant bones that were unidentifiable.
White bones scattered through the ground after 300,000 li but there was no end. He dared not count how many people had lost their lives in this Luo Feng Valley.
He would still shiver from the sight and felt creepy about it even though he tried to stay calm. His senses were polished to the extreme thanks to the Myriad Qi but there were no living beings after travelling for so long.
“This place is f*cking creepy.” Jiang Chen cursed.
He was at least sure that the invisible pressure was still there.
*Boom*
A giant boom could be heard in this silent valley, finally something different.
“Eh?” He frowned.
He did not expect such a great disturbance happening in the bottom of this valley. He followed the sound and found a special cave after 100 li. It looked like a furcation of a canyon, it was filled with rotten leaves and dead branches. He could not understand why these branches and leaves were lying around, not becoming dust after so long.
A path appeared before Jiang Chen.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2749 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2750


Chapter 2750 White-Robed Goddess
Jiang Chen finally felt a trace of the living, a powerful one.
“It’s here!”
Jiang Chen found the source.
Jiang Chen found the source of the disturbance through that gloomy air. A white figure with long hair reaching her knees. Just from her back alone, she felt so angelic, beautiful, like a goddess from a painting, unreal, pure, one that cannot be touched by mortal men.
“Gorgeous!” Jiang Chen said in a heartfelt manner.
Although only her back was shown, she gave off a truly majestic feel, she was truly a goddess!
Jiang Chen was not one to succumb to beauties. Yet that white-robbed figure was truly enticing and intoxicating. Like one that could never be reached.
A green air surrounded her body, like a thin thread, shiny, her breathing were erratic, sometimes slow, sometimes fast.
Jiang Chen moved closer to her, not trying to do anything evil, he wanted to know who she was. When he saw her face, he was blown away, how could such an angelic woman exist in this world, she’s a goddess.
The word ‘gorgeous’ could not describe how beautiful and elegant she was, Wu Ningzhu might be on-par against her. However, she looked extremely natural, any woman would feel small against her, men would kneel before her.
A genuine goddess that has descended upon the world.
Her eyes were staring intensely towards the front, emitting a cold and dominating aura. However, she was also nervous and was hesitating, like she was being held by something. She did not even blink when Jiang Chen appeared right beside her.
“Who is this woman?” Jiang Chen murmured. However no one’s able to give him an answer here.
“Out of body!” Jiang Chen gasped.
One couldn’t make their spirit come out from their body without reaching the Hierarch Realm. Even he couldn’t do it although he possessed the spirit energy of a Hierarch. The white-robed goddess must be fighting somebody with her spirit with that eyes of hers.
Not anyone could do it, this white-robed goddess looks like she still retains her strength.
*Cough*
The goddess coughed out a mouthful of blood, her expression became slightly pale and her gaze darkened a little. She then proceeded to fall into Jiang Chen’s arms,
“Let go!” The goddess said coldly as she stared at Jiang Chen, the latter felt a chill as if everything was seen through.
She quickly jumped out of Jiang Chen’s arms and emitted a killing intent. However, her eyes were filled with worry and anxiousness.
“Such a scary gaze.” Jiang Chen said as she was certainly more powerful than him.
“You’re the one who fell into my arms.” Jiang Chen unhappily added.
“To think she’s such a cold lady.”
“Who are you? Why are you here?” She asked coldly.
“I came down here to have a walk because I was free. Is that wrong?” Jiang Chen said
I’ll just leave, are all beauties with a temper?
“Leave, quick, this is not a place where you should be.” The white-robed goddess shouted and pushed Jiang Chen away.
He was stunned, it does not like she’s trying to harm him.
*Roar*
A piercing, ear-ringing roar was heard. Jiang Chen’s 7 holes on his head started to bleed. This is not a joke. This was his first time bleeding after hearing just a roar, severely injured.
“Bestow Prajna and I shall save the masses!” The white-robed goddess muttered.
She emitted a powerful qi. Jiang Chen saw she formed a swift and graceful hand seal. The long sanskrit seal then let out a golden light and clashed against that roar, and dispersed after the clash.
“F*cking sh*t, I finally know what it means being an innocent bystander caught in the crossfire.” Jiang Chen cussed.
He had just barely recovered some of his strength and almost died from defending against a soundwave.
Strong! Too Strong! Jiang Chen only had one thought. The owner of that roar gave such an impression.
*Cough*
The white-robed goddess once again coughed out a mouthful of blood. This time, she finally collapsed and Jiang Chen quickly caught her before she fell to the ground. Although she did not want it, there was nothing she could do as she did not have any energy left. Most importantly, the pressure of the Luo Feng Valley further weakened her body.
“My time is almost up,” she muttered as her eyes were filled with despair and obsession.
“Hahaha, since you knew that your time is almost up, why don’t you obey me? Do you think you can defeat me in this place? Your strength will be slowly sapped away by the Primal Origin Impure Qi if you do not have my Primal Origin True Qi. Then, you’ll become a mortal and you’ll face a terrible fate.” A cold voice reverberated through the valley.
Then, a giant figure appeared before Jiang Chen and the white-robed goddess.
“This is?” Jiang Chen’s expression changed.
The giant figure was at least a hundred zhang tall, a horn on its head, bronze eyes, scary looking, sharp claws, possessing a thirty nine-feet long beard, it’s skin was of dragon scales. A mighty figure.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2750 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2751


Chapter 2751 Dragon Eater
“The king of ancient beasts, Denglong!”
The Goddess said in a deep voice. She could feel that her strength kept escaping her body and did not recover at all.
Jiang Chen took a cold breath in. The king of ancient beasts, Denglong, did really exist in the world?
Although Jiang Chen did not know how formidable Denglong was, he knew that this beast was very terrifying as it was the only beast who was not afraid of the Dragon Clan during the ancient period. It had been devouring dragons and made many of the Dragon Clan hate it to the core. The Dragons were the supreme creature amongst all, however, they were eaten by Denglong. This was why Denglong was so terrifying.
“He drinks the Divine Spring Water and eats Heavenly Dragons. It’s him.”
Jiang Chen did not believe such a thing existed in the world, but the beast was standing in front of him. The White-robbed Goddess did not seem to be lying to him. This ferocious Denglong indeed looked too terrifying.
“Your strength should be used up now. It’s impossible for you to kill me.”
The Goddess said coldly while staring at Denglong.
“You’re right. I am indeed suffering severe injury but don’t forget whose place is this. Hahaha. As long as the Primal Origin Qi in my body is recovered, you won’t be able to escape from my hands. It’s just a piece of cake to catch you. But, why would I want to kill you? It’s rare to see a Goddess who is more beautiful compared to ordinary goddesses.”
Denglong shrunk his body and he turned himself into a two-metre tall man. His body was covered with bamboo armour and his eyes looked fierce. Although he looked ugly, he still desired the White-robbed Goddess very much.
“There’s a human here? Alright, you’re going to be my appetizer. It has been many years since I last tasted a human.”
Denglon said with a cold laugh.
“I am afraid you would not be able to escape now.”
The Goddess said faintly. Obviously, she was talking to Jiang Chen. Jiang Chen smiled bitterly. Although he knew nothing about this Goddess, she must be very powerful too as she could fight Denglong.
Jiang Chen’s Heavenly Dragon Sword trembled fiercely at the moment. Not to say Jiang Chen, both the White-robbed Goddess and Denglong gazes fell on the sword now.
“Unexpectedly, a small Half-step Divine King expert owned such a powerful Divine Weapon.”
The White-robbed Goddess was startled. Meanwhile, Denglong’s eyes showed ruthlessness because the sword soul in Heavenly Dragon Sword seemed posing a great threat against him.
“It already has its own sword soul. Unfortunately, the sword soul is not mature yet and it’s too weak.”
Denglong gave Jiang Chen a dimissive glance.
“I never planned to leave here actually.”
Jiang Chen looked at the Goddess and said with a smile.
“Are you sure?”
The Goddess smiled, looking calm. She did not show slight worry despite the great danger.
“I am sure. Why?”
Jiang Chen replied calmly.
Although Denglon was extremely scary, he had actually been weakened after being injured severely. That was why Jiang Chen would love to give it a try. It’s also not his style to leave a woman to fight alone.
The White-robbed Goddess was quite shocked, thinking how would a Half-step Divine King young man have such courage? He dared to stand in front of her and helped her to stop an ancient beast while he did not even know the strength of the beast. Was he stupid?
“Aren’t you afraid of death?”
The White-robbed Goddess did not know where Jiang Chen’s courage came from.
“A man must stand in front of a woman.”
Jiang Chen protected the Goddess behind him and said with a deep voice.
At the moment, the lady’s heart was slightly moved and her eyes showed her astonishment as she could not believe this. A young guy was this overbearing and not afraid of everything in front of death. He did not choose to retreat himself but stood in front of her. ‘A man must stand in front of a woman’, what Jiang Chen said moved her.
It was impossible for her not to feel touched by the current situation. If she was in the peak of her life, she would definitely not look at Jiang Chen at all. However, she had lost her strength at the moment and was in great danger now. She never expected that Jiang Chen would do this for her and say something like that.
Although Jiang Chen’s androcentrism could be quite annoying, at least the White-robbed Goddess found it a bit comforting at this moment. Jiang Chen was going to fight at the cost of his life.
“You’re crazy.”
The Goddess murmured. She had lived many years but it has been a long time since she felt emotional in front of a man. Since when a man had the chance to stand in front of her?
“We must at least be crazy for once in our lifetime, especially we should not let women suffer.”
Jiang Chen smiled. He was just like this. You could say that he was mad, however, as long as he found the things worthy, he would not give up.
“A man who doesn’t know what death is. If that is the case, I am going to taste your flesh first. Hahaha.”
Denglong said and laughed out loud. Although he had already turned into a human form, his rough voice was still full of mightiness and still sounded terrifying.
“You have already been weakened.”
Jiang Chen and Delong looked at each other fiercely.
“So what? It’s just a piece of cake for me to kill you. You, a Half-step Divine King, is just rubbish to me.”
Denglong smiled coldly and blew out a heavy strike.
Jiang Chen was high in spirit and counter attacked him with his palm strike. The White-robbed Goddess did not expect that Jiang Chen would gain the upper hand after crashing twice. She thought that Jiang Chen would have been defeated tragically. No one won or lost yet, but Jiang Chen’s aura was not any weaker than Denglong. Both of them took a few steps backwards, but Denglong looked more troubled at the moment.
“Good guy. I have underestimated you. If I am at my peak, you won’t be able to fight me at all.”
Denglong roared and his eyes were full of flame.
“Unfortunately, you’re weak right now!”
Jiang Chen used up all of his strength and the two of them struck each other. Jiang Chen was not afraid at all in the face of the beast. However, he must defeat Denglong as fast as possible because he was not sure what kind of tricks the opponent held.
“Twelve Fire God Guards, form up! Five Elemental Trigram Fire Formation!
*Denglong: A Chinese legendary creature, which is believed to be one of the sons of the dragon king.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2751 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2752


Chapter 2752 Have a Good Sleep After a Good Meal
The Twelve Fire God Guards attacked all of a sudden. Having reached Early Divine King Ream under Jiang Chen’s cultivation, they had experienced great transformation and were not what they used to be. It was not a big deal for them to constraint a Late Divine King expert now. In addition to the Five Elemental Trigram Fire Formation’s assistance, Jiang Chen launched the main attack while the twelve Fire God Guards helped out from the side. He suddenly held the upper hand in the battle and put Denglong into an absolute suppression.
“What an interesting guy to have such strong puppets. He seemed not that simple.”
The White-robbed Goddess murmured and her eyes shone as Jiang Chen’s twelve Fire God Guard were all Divine King experts. One should know that an Early Divine King was like an old ancestor who was able to set up their own sect. Although a battle like this seemed undelightful, she knew that it was not easy to defeat Denglong.
She would not be this surprised if Jiang Chen was a Hierarch. However, Jiang Chen was only a Half-step Divine King and he even owned such powerful treasures in his hands. If those Late Divine Kings or stronger found this out, Jiang Chen might encounter a great crisis.
While the White-robbed Goddess was still hesitating, Jiang Chen had already defeated Denglong with overbearingness. Denglong had used too much strength in the battle against the White-robbed Goddess, that was why he was exhausted now. Jiang Chen managed to display his overbearing mightiness and got the chance to save the beauty.
Denglong was continuously repulsed by Jiang Chen and he looked terribly embarrassed.
Roar…roar…
“You have completely provoked my anger.”
Denglong said fiercely despite his terrible condition. How would he feel good by being defeated by a Half-step Divine King. If he was in his best condition, he would be able to kill Jiang Chen effortlessly.
“Be careful!”
The White-robbed Goddess said with a low voice. Jiang Chen dodged the attack perfectly while Denglong had pushed himself into a dead end.
Jiang Chen did not delay his action at the moment as he had already blended the heavenly lightning in his hands. Even an ordinary Hierarch would cry under his heavenly lightning. Even though his heavenly lightning did not display its full mightiness in front of the alliance of the three Hierarch, Jiang Chen believed that this time it would work on this beast.
“Twelve Fire God Guards, stop his way!”
Jiang Chen started withdrawing himself and he looked solemn as the heavenly lightning started forming up in his hands.
“Is this heavenly lightning?”
The White-robbed Goddess’s countenance fell as she looked at the heavenly lightning. She was stunned as she never imagined that Jiang Chen would have such skill.
“You should die! Devour heaven and earth!”
Denglong turned back to his huge body and opened his mouth widely, trying to devour Jiang Chen into his stomach. The twelve Fire God Guards would not want to leave him such a chance. Unfortunately, they were all devoured into the beast’s stomach in front of his enormous devouring strength.
When Denglong opened his mouth, an enormous devouring strength started absorbing all of Jiang Chen’s strength and Jiang Chen was almost being devoured.
“You are the one who is supposed to die! I am going to see if you could withstand my heavenly lightning!”
When Jiang Chen was being absorbed into Denglong, the heavenly lightning was already perfectly combined in Jiang Chen’’s hand. Without any hesitation, the brilliant heavenly lightning had filled up the entire void. Denglong ate up the lightning and then he was bursted into ashes.
“He is really impressive. He managed to combine the heavenly lightning. So talented.”
The White-robbed Goddess said, praising Jiang Chen. The crisis was finally resolved.
Although Denglong’s body had been shattered and his flesh were smashed, the twelve Fire God Guards had not been digested by him.
Denglong’s soul turned into a white ray, trying to escape the place. Jiang Chen found out and how would he allow the soul to run away?
“I want…… I want……”
The young voice of the sword soul of the Heavenly Dragon Sword sounded in Jiang Chen’s mind.
“Denglong’s soul might be very nourishing to you!”
Jiang Chen finally realised that the soul had been yearning for Denglong’s soul.
“It’s not easy to leave! Great Yu Soul Forming Light, suppress it!”
Jiang Chen took out his Great Yu Soul Forming Light. Denglong’s soul was suppressed immediately. Unexpectedly, it was an emperor realm soul! Jiang Chen was startled. However, given that Denglong was currently too weak to defend himself, he was caught in the Great Yu Soul Forming Light.
“It has been many years since I last saw the Great Yu Soul Forming Light. Unfortunately, it has lost its previous glorious light.”
The White-robbed Goddess blinked her eyes and murmured. Although the Great Yu Soul Forming Light had lost its previous glory, a divine tool like this would never perish. Even if it had gone through great wars, it would still remain in the world.
She became ever more curious about Jiang Chen’s identity now. What he had in his hands was very astonishing.
An ordinary Half-step Divine King had more than ten Divine King puppets? And he had the Heavenly Dragon Sword which was such a formidable Divine Tool? And also the Great Yu Soul Forming Light? He even managed to combine the heavenly lightning?
“Bastard! Damn you human, release me, it’s impossible for you to leave here.”
Denglong’s soul roared. Even though he was already in the Great Yu Soul Forming Light, he was still that ferocious and not afraid of anything.
“Really? Then I really want to see how much strength you have. So what if your soul is at the emperor realm? You are already defeated by me. Now my Heavenly Dragon Sword is going to devour your soul. Come to take your judgement now! Hahah.”
Jiang Chen said while laughing out loud. He did not care about Denglong’s threat at all.
“Eat him! Eat him up!”
The sword soul said with a soft voice and it sounded excited.
“Sure.”
Jiang Chen did not hesitate at all. He constrained Denglong completely and the Heavenly Dragon Sword soul turned into a purple shadow crashing into the Great Yu Soul Forming Light.
Jiang Chen was also shocked because it was the first time he saw the sword soul’s actual form. However, he did not see it clearly because the sword soul moved too fast.
“No, you can’t. You can’t eat me up!”
Denglong’s soul begged but the purple sword soul did not care so much and it ate Denglong immediately. Jiang Chen could see that the purple sword soul was like a dragon shadow. As soon as the purple sword soul devoured Denglong’s soul, it moved back to Heavenly Dragon Sword immediately.
“Buzz…… buzz.”
Heavenly Dragon Sword was buzzing and it seemed really excited.
“Burp…”
Jiang Chen heard a burp coming out from the sword soul, didn’t he?
“It’s time to have a good sleep after a good meal……”
Jiang Chen heard a cute young voice from the sword soul. He was dumbstruck, an emperor realm soul was devoured?
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2752 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2753


Chapter 2753 So… I’m Gonna Be Taken Advantage?
“Once a Divine Tool advances its soul, the tool would become priceless. Its value would only become higher in the future.”
The White-robbed Goddess looked at Jiang Chen and said with a deep voice.
“Your sword soul has eaten Denglong’s soul. Denglong had been eating dragons for a living, so its soul was invincible. There are only two divine beasts comparable to Denglong but they are not dragons.”
“Denglong is an ancient beast. Isn’t the sword soul being too particular about its food?”
“This sword was like a human who needed nourishment. When one needs nourishment, it is like a bigger fish eating up the smaller fish. It’s all about the law of the jungle. Nothing is strange about it.”
The Goddess nodded.
“Thank you very much.”
With a soft voice, the White-robbed Goddess said. It was Jiang Chen’s luck to receive her gratitude. If there was no such chance for him to save the beauty, they would not encounter each other.
“No worries, I will take action to help regardless who was in the situation.”
Jiang Chen smiled and said.
At the moment, the White-robbed Goddess’s face looked terrible suddenly.
“Are you okay?”
Jiang Chen worriedly said.
“It’s okay. Delong’s Primal Origin Impure Qi has eroded my body. If the Primal Origin Impure Qi could not be driven out from my body, I am afraid……”
The White-robbed Goddess bit her lips lightly and said with difficulty.
“Let me have a try.”
Jiang Chen said, thinking his Myriad Qi might help her.
“Thank you very much.”
The Goddess said softly.
Jiang Chen held up the lady’s hands and her face blushed immediately, she seemed to be a bit shy.
Jiang Chen did not think about any other things as he only cared about saving a life. The Primal Origin Impure Qi was indeed quite terrifying. Once one’s body was eroded, his or her cultivation realm would continuously be weakened. Even without the threat from the abyss, the Primal Origin Impure Qi had already put the lady into a life threatening situation.
Jiang Chen kept bringing in Divine Origin Qi into the lady’s body but her body was not able to absorb much of it. It was not helpful at all. The Primal Origin Impure Qi was very terrifying, it was like a wild beast making a mess in her body. Jiang Chen had almost used up all of his Divine Origin Qi and Myriad Qi. Since the Myriad Qi couldn’t naturalise the Primal Origin Impure Qi in her body, Jiang Chen had run out of ways to save her.
“It’s still not working……”
Jiang Chen shook his head and heaved a sigh. Meanwhile the Goddess’s face was terribly pale. But she still looked incredibly beautiful like an angel with her elegant aura.
“The Primal Origin Impure Qi is too overbearing and I am not able to naturalise it at all.”
Jiang Chen felt guilty but he really had run out of solutions.
“The Primal Origin Impure Qi from Denglong is almost on the same level with the existence of Myriad Qi, of course it is overbearing.”
The White-robbed Goddess said with a bitter smile and she shook her head.
“Unless I have a body that is full of Myriad Qi, otherwise, I might not be able to survive. I have used up all of my skills.”
Jiang Chen was stunned because his Myriad Qi had already almost been used up right now. He was not able to cast out more Myriad Qi to help the Goddess.
“I am sorry but to be honest, I am that one who has the body of Myriad Qi. Unfortunately, I have already used up all of Myriad Qi.”
Jiang Chen frowned his forehead as he was a bit upset. He was unwilling to see a beauty passing away like this. Jiang Chen knew that she might have already known that he had the body of Myriad Qi. She just did not want to reveal it.
The White-robbed Goddess remained silent and kept her head low. Her stunning appearance undeniably had also moved Jiang Chen’s heart.
Eventually, the lady gritted her teeth tightly and said in difficulty:
“There’s one last chance!”
“What’s that?”
Jiang Chen asked immediately.
“If we copulate, it would help to expel the Primal Origin Impure Qi from my body.”
The Goddess’s face blushed while Jiang Chen was dumbstruck. It was really embarrassing for him. He had been keeping himself from any sexual relationship for many years. However, he also knew that the Goddess had no choice but to do this otherwise it was impossible for him to approach such a formidable lady.
“Then I am going to be taken advantage of?”
Jiang Chen looked at the lady who looked shy now and said playfully.
“What?! What did you say?”
The Goddess gritted her teeth tightly and looked at Jiang Chen. She was clearly pissed off. At this moment, she had already put herself into a deep shame but the bastard still responded to her in this way. Of course, her fury was ignited.
“I don’t mean that. I just feel isn’t that very abrusd?”
Jiang Chen said innocently and looked at the lady while curling up his lips.
“Look at your face as if you are being taken advantage of. To be honest, I am the one who saved you. It’s not that you’re saving me. Now I can’t help worrying that you might kill me after you regain your strength.”
Jiang Chen noticed that the Goddess’s eyes were filled with killing intent now.
The Goddess lowered down silently. She had lived for a hundred thousand years but she never imagined that such a ridiculous and funny thing would happen to her now. And this happened because of her own request. If she lost her virginity to Jiang Chen, then how was she going to explain about her chastity?
However, if she didn’t do so, she would pass away and only her soul would remain. Even if her soul remained, that would not mean that she could be reborn. There had been so many experts who fell from the world and the chance for them to be reborn was very rare.
In other words, this was her only chance.
“Sir, would you mind having sexual intercouse with me?”
The White-robbed Goddess kept her head low and she did not dare to raise her head up at all. She had been overbearing and stunning throughout her life, when had she ever suffered such shame? This would become a scar left in her life forever.
“Sigh. Saving one’s life is more important than anything. Whatever, whatever. That’s the only way.”
Jiang Chen sighed because he was also greatly struggling. However, it’s all about one’s life. Looking at this beauty, could this be considered as fate?
It was impossible to feel nothing in front of such a beauty but Jiang Chen was a person of principle. If the lady did not run hard, Jiang Chen would never do so.
Looking at Jiang Chen’s unwilling facial expression, the lady was even angrier but she had no other choice. After today, they would never stay in touch again in the future.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2753 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2754


Chapter 2754 The Guardians, Ancestral Emperor Dragon’s Sons
White clothes and green scarfs surrounded the two bodies with a romantic atmosphere. There seemed to be music accompanying the two people who had completely lost themselves in the act. Everything was like a dream.
When the lady’s jade-like back disappeared in Jiang Chen’s gaze, he was shocked as if he just woke up from a dream. He felt like he was in a dream and the dream was full of beautiful scenes. What had happened had sealed Jiang Chen’s mind and he could not forget the experience.
The White-robbed Goddess got up and stood up immediately. She retained her cold behaviour and she became even colder than before. She looked even more unattainable than before and her eyes seemed to be filled with frost.
She knew that this would be an obstacle in her life that she would never be able to pass through.
Although she has been a peerless beauty throughout her lifetime and it was impossible for anyone to enjoy her body, she had just gone through an unforgettable experience with Jiang Chen and it was like a dream.
Life is full of surprises and unpredictable things. However, the White-robbed Goddess had lost the chastity that she had kept for hundreds of thousands of years. The journey to the Northern Cold Divine Region this time was like a journey to hell for her.
Initially, Jiang Chen only thought about saving someone’s life but her incredible beauty had really moved his heart. It was not because of the experience but because of his sincerity.
However, he knew that it was impossible for the both of them to have any relationship in the future. She stayed at a high and unattainable position and Jiang Chen was comparatively too weak to her. The only way for Jiang Chen to approach her was to become more and more powerful in the future, becoming even more superior than her.
Jiang Chen felt very complicated. He was a sentimental person compared to the White-robbed Goddess. After having sex with her, Jiang Chen really could not forget her in his heart. However, he was very clear that even if he wanted to be responsible to her, she might not even care about it at all.
“I always make things clear, especially between grudges and kindness. I am very grateful for the kindness you showed me and for saving me. However, we will not have any relationship in the future anymore!”
The White-robbed Goddess said faintly, but her words were filled with shame and fury. Her elegant aura and holy identity would not allow others to invade her.
Jiang Chen smiled bitterly as he had already expected that she would be like this. However, that was still an unforgettable experience to him. He just looked at the White-robbed Goddess silently and remained quiet because he knew his cultivation realm was limited. What was the point of speaking so much? If you could not protect a woman you’re supposed to protect, then it’s better for you to remain silent.
At this moment, the abyss suddenly trembled intensely and the surrounding mountains were shaking.
“It’s her.”
The White-robbed Goddess said in a low voice while her eyes were giving off radiance as if she was looking forward to something.
“Give me back my son…… give me back my son….”
Jiang Chen’s countenance fell and he immediately covered up his ears tightly. Even though he did so, the deafening voice and strong aura still shocked him.
“Leave this place, hurry up. You’re not supposed to be here.”
The White-robbed Goddess said in a deep voice, not even giving Jiang Chen a glance because she did not want to have any relation with this guy anymore.
Jiang Chen frowned his forehead. He initially planned to leave the place, but he didn’t expect that this woman would look down upon him in this way. How would you stay alive without my help? However, Jiang Chen was also not a narrow-minded man as he knew that other people might act just like this lady in this situation. Jiang Chen did not blame her.
As soon as the white-clothed goddess finished her words, she became extremely solemn. After doing that with Jiang Chen, her strength had actually already recovered fully. Half of the Divine Origin Qi in Jiang Chen’s body was almost fully absorbed by the lady. Jiang Chen could not help but grumble in his heart.
“Is she Denglong’s mother?”
Jiang Chen thought in his heart. Soon, he saw a gigantic shadow coming out from the cave in front of them slowly.
Hong…hong…
A shocking scene happened. The cave in front of them was divided and there were two ferocious beasts kneeling on the two sides of the cave. These beasts were comparably fierce just like Denglong who was just killed by Jiang Chen. Their mightiness seemed to be even more superior than Denglong. Terrifying breath spread across the entire place.
The two strange beasts carried the devouring breath that made Jiang Chen shiver for a second. Are these beasts only here to guard the cave?
In the next second, Jiang Chen realised that the two beasts were still actually alive but they were no different from a corpse as their Qi had already been compressed. They had no Qi within them anymore and they were just dead bodies.
“Chao Feng? Suan Ni?”
The White-robbed Goddess’ countenance fell, constantly retreating backwards. She was full of astonishment. Jiang Chen was also stunned. Two of the sons of the Ancestral Dragon Emperor appeared here, aren’t they? Is this real? Ancestral Dragon Emperor would definitely be pissed off if he did not fall into a deep sleep. From how he treated Qiu Niu last time, Jiang Chen had already known that the Ancestral Dragon Emperor cared about his sons even if he did not say much.
Jiang Chen frowned. Thanks to the Ancestral Dragon Emperor, he was also part of the people of the Dragon Clan. Although the nine sons of the Ancestral Dragon Emperor weren’t members of the Dragon Clan, the Dragon Clan would still be very angry if they were bullied. Except for Qiu Niu, all the other eight sons were evildoers and many of the human cultivators were killed by them.
“Are they really Chao Feng and Suan Ni?”
Jiang Chen doubted, but the two ferocious beasts’ aura and mightiness were not any weaker than Denglong at all. Although there were many experts in the ancient times, there were actually only a few capable of competing with Denglong. Jiang Chen had never seen Chao Feng and Suan Ni before, but the White-robbed Goddess would definitely not recognise them wrongly.
“Indeed, the King of the ancient beast. You really have overbearing mightiness. You even caught Chao Feng and Suan Ni to guard the gate. Hehehe, I have underestimated you.”
The White-robbed Goddess said coldly as she gazed at the void. Above the void, a huge white curtain slowly closed up, turning into a ten-feet bloody Xiong Hou emitting an overbearing pressure. Jiang Chen felt the great pressure as the Xiong Hou was staring at him. This beast was too terrifying. Jiang Chen had the confidence to fight Denglong earlier, but now he had no confidence to fight against this Xiong Hou.
“You have killed my son!”
Xiong Hou said in a deep voice. Her breath made Jiang Chen feel slightly suffocated. This was not caused by her aura but by her true strength. Even though Jiang Chen had never been afraid of anything, this time he really ran out of ways to fight with the beast.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2754 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2755


Chapter 2755 Everything Was Emptiness
“So what? Just hand over the Ice Origin Lake Water Bead and I will consider sparing your life. Otherwise, please don’t blame me for not pulling my punches.”
The Goddess said coldly, she did not draw back but faced the beast aggressively and bravely.
“Why can’t I feel my son’s breath anymore? Why! I want my son back!”
Xiong Hou’s terrifying and deafening roar had made the White-robbed Goddess step back. Meanwhile, Jiang Chen was watching all of these in the distance; he dared not to approach them.
“Your son was blocking my way so he deserved to die.”
The White-robbed Goddess said in a deep voice, and soared in the sky ferociously. Jiang Chen was impressed and amazed. Was she the same person who experienced the trials and hardships with him previously?
“You killed my son and I swear to tear you to pieces and make your soul writhe in the torment of hell. Ughhh……”
Xiong Hou roared ferociously but then moaned miserably. It was conceivable that she could not get over her son’s death, the beast was full of anger at the moment.
“I am afraid that you are not capable of doing so. Humph.”
The White-robbed Goddess said with a snort.
“Are you a god or a devil? No matter who you are, I will make you regret doing that.”
Xiong Hou showed her sharp fangs, glaring at the White-robbed Goddess furiously.
“I think you’re totally out of your mind by talking such nonsense. Humph. All of your aggressiveness and glory no long exist.”
The White-robbed Goddess said.
“My life will not be a mess if I was not trapped here by those old codgers. Human beings are all mean, cunning and despicable.”
“Oh? I wonder who trapped you here.”
The White-robbed Goddess looked at the ferocious Xiong Hou calmly. She was certain that the one who locked her up was not an ordinary expert, even herself could hardly do that.
“You are not entitled to know that.”
“That person is probably from the Dragon Clan. Otherwise, you won’t be trapped here forever. Besides, the Dragon Clan used to have a deadly abhorrence of sin and you have killed countless of them. However, you will never be able to catch Chao Feng and Suan Ni if that person is really from the Dragon Clan. But I think it is possible too, since the nine sons of the Dragon Emperor are always left out in the cold by the Dragon Clan.
The White-robbed Goddess said after thinking for a moment.
“Stop making some wild guesses, you will never guess who the person was. As for the Ice Origin Lake Water Bead, you will never get it. I will kill you and find out who you truly are, a god or a devil.”
The fierce Xiong Hou roared furiously and her shadow disappeared in the void. She launched an irresistible and stunning blow which reached thousands of miles.
“It doesn’t matter who I am. Just be aware that I will definitely get the Ice Origin Lake Water Bead today.”
The White-robbed Goddess drew a few steps backward and stopped. She looked dignified and powerful. She seemed light and ethereal while her aura was ascending rapidly like mountains and seas.
“She’s amazingly strong!”
Jiang Chen knew that he had no idea how strong the White-robbed Goddess was, even the furious Xiong Hou was the same. Even though her son was killed, its father came around and messed with their pride.
However, Jiang Chen would never set against them since he was not insane. Both of them were considered as one of the most terrible and ruthless people. Even though the White-robbed Goddess was just a woman, her strength convinced Jiang Chen completely. He had no intention of competing against them at all.
Although power did not mean everything but someone could change the world and become the master of their own destiny when their strength and capability reached a certain level. The most terrifying power in the world was holding everyone’s life and death.
Jiang Chen had kept himself aloof from them as he might have suffered if he was unaware and careless. It would be no use crying over spilt milk at that time.
The furious Xiong Hou’s spirit was awe-inspiring and she’s powerful enough to conquer the mountains and rivers. The moan of the wind was overwhelming and the universe was trembling violently. Even the thousand feet canyon might possibly collapse at the moment.
The White-robbed Goddess struck out at the same time. An aqua-blue long sword that shone brightly soared in the void and swept to all directions. Its shadow was falling from heaven, and cut off Xiong Hou’s spirit constantly. The fight between them was extremely intense, there was no overflow of aura as both of them were trying to make the offensive efficient and exerted their strength perfectly to the full. Each move and technique were cast perfectly without waste of power.
“Breaking Water Spiritual Light Sword!”
The sword’s shadow of the White-robbed Goddess was moving freely and struck out a mighty strong blow. Even though her sword technique was perfect and its aura was exceedingly formidable, it still fell short. Jiang Chen thought she would be more powerful if she could cast the sword techniques with all of her strength. Apparently, she did not exert it to the full and the sword technique was not her ultimate trump card.
“Is that all you’ve got? Just go to hell now!”
The furious Xiong Hou was not quick and agile as the Goddess. The beast was trying to make a stunning turnaround with her mighty body and unbeatable aura. A series of unnoticeable sound waves surged forward and hundreds of feet of mountains was shattered to pieces. The Goddess’ face turned gloomy as she stepped back constantly. The offensive of the furious Xiong Hou was still irresistible and unbeatable.
“Surprisingly, you’re such a tough opponent.”
The Goddess said coldly. She heard that Xiong Hou was one of the three most terrifying and ferocious ancient beasts back in those days. It had killed countless Emperor experts and devoured numerous ancient Divine Beasts. But the Goddess still slightly underestimated the beast’s strength. Even though she had made preparations against the beast, her strength was still constrained by this furious Xiong Hou.
“Everything turns empty!”
The White-robbed Goddess looked calm and dignified. She kept her sword immediately and crossed her fingers. An invisible art technique was cast and she struck it out continuously.
Hundreds of feet of heaven was shrouded by the art technique completely. The art technique was merging together like the clouds and changing rapidly in more than thousands of forms. The White-robbed Goddess struck out instantly with one hand. The art technique pierced through the sky. The wind and storms howled wildly while the whole world was constantly changing colour.
“You’re truly a saint, so impressive.”
The furious Xiong Hou roared in a deep voice and stepped back constantly. It looked serious but it still struck back without standstill. It had eventually realized that the Goddess was definitely not an ordinary person by looking at her strength.
An art technique that’s ever-changing, breaking through the sky and rushing at the furious Xiong Hou. Everything turned empty. It seemed like the furious Xiong Hou was utterly trapped and there was no retreat. At the moment, the furious Xiong Hou opened her bloody mouth and intended to swallow the art technique. She was still trying to fight back with her domineering and overwhelming aura.
However, the Goddess was unmoved. She turned and launched the art technique once again. Thousand feet of art technique was surging forward like rivers and seas, changing unpredictably. The furious Xiong Hou’s efforts were of no avail.
“Heavenly Sound Wave!”
The furious Xiong Hou roared wildly once again, a terrifying wind arose around them. Jiang Chen escaped into the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda swiftly. He might have lost his life if he did not find a shelter immediately at that moment.
“It is just too terrifying. Is she an Emperor Realm expert?”
Jiang Chen murmured under his breath. The art technique and the sound waves collided with an ear-splitting noise. It turned into a fearsome shockwave and swept over three thousand miles. Even the bottom of the abyss was experiencing the enormous and unpredictable changes.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2755 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2756


Chapter 2756 Are You Trying to Devour Me?
None of them could gain the upper hand. Jiang Chen’s horizon has broadened once again after that strike. He had gained tremendously in their battle, he felt something different from their clashes, it was the Dao!
The Dao of an Emperor expert, it was not something that was out of his current level. However, his Dao of Heavenly Domination was also another form of Dao, it’s just that he did not know what it truly was.
There are millions and billions of Dao in this three thousand great worlds, the birth of the No Beginning Formation was also a cumulation of Dao, it’s just that the current Jiang Chen was not able to perfectly exhibit what it was.
“You’re pretty good too, you have not tarnished the name of the three ancient great beast kings. It’s a pity that I am not at my peak, otherwise, I would’ve easily killed you,” the goddess said coldly.
“Hahaha, aren’t I the same? I do not need to fear anyone when I’m at my peak! I have eliminated all the pursuers from the Dragon Clan’s Nine Great Emperors after chasing me through two great continents. The dragons that I have devoured have reached a hundred. Everyone would fear me whenever I cross a certain place.” Xiong Hou howled, her piercing voice shook the sky.
“The king of the three great ferocious beasts, you’re just a bottom-feeder, are you really a match against the Great Mahāmāyūrī?” The White-robbed goddess said in disdain.
“There’s only one Great Mahāmāyūrī!” Xiong Hou squinted her eyes and said.
Obviously, she’s not the Great Mahāmāyūrī’s match.
“I have fought against the Great Mahāmāyūrī and have not lost. So, do you think you can defeat me?” She said with confidence. It was absolute confidence.
Not even Xiong Hou was worthy of her being serious.
“There are countless experts in this world. A mere beast like me could never defeat them all. Plus, I haven’t reached the Emperor Realm yet, what gives me the right to be a true expert? Haha, you’re the same too. You’re still the same after millions of years of cultivation. Is there anyone in this world that could live and die along with the universe? I think both of us could not do it too.” Xiong Hou said coldly.
The goddess fell into a deep silence after hearing those words, the beast was actually right but she hadn’t put too much thought into it.
Jiang Chen silently sighed after hearing it. His journey was still far too short, where’s the correct path and the end of the journey? Only by taking one step at a time could one walk towards its brilliant life.
“Therefore, I am willing to bet on my life to obtain the Ice Origin Lake Water Bead” The White-robbed goddess and Xiong Hou stared at each other.
“Ice Origin Lake Water Bead, you’re too naive, not even I could get it, lest, you?” Xiong Hou said in disdain.
“Then, you will tell me about it!”
The white-robbed goddess’s slender fingers moved once again and a powerful technique had already formed.
“Three thousand Prajna, the Great Dao converge!”
The terrifying energy of the seal filled the air and sky, the whole place underwent a great change. Converging three thousand Daos!
“To think your Dao has reached such completeness.” Xiong Hou roared and also unleashed her full strength.
Xiong Hou knew that there’s not much choice left as she was sealed in this bottomless pit for many many years, suffering countless hardships, yet still couldn’t break through that seal. Her strength and spiritual strength dwindled, her strength barely reaching the Emperor Realm now.
In an instant, Jiang Chen felt the powerful energy pushing Xiong Hou back. The whole cave was shaken by that energy. Xiong Hou’s spirit and physical body were severely injured as she fell to the ground, losing her former glory.
However, Xiong Hou still continued to fight on. Two powerful spirit energies clashed. Jiang Chen cursed as he gasped for air, enduring this powerful clash.
Jiang Chen looked towards the White-robbed goddess, her expression became heavy, she was obviously also weakened after unleashing that attack. Looks like it would end as a loss for both sides.
Xiong Hou was extremely angry but there was nothing she could do. Because both of them were expending energy, it’s a contest of endurance now.
Ten days passed in a blink of an eye, Xiong Hou and the White-robbed goddess had almost spent every ounce of energy they had.
“Are you that ruthless? I am the last Xiong Hou.”
Looks like the Xiong Hou was becoming somewhat fearful, because she knew that both of them would be in a dire state as their spiritual energy continues to be expended. She had endured this suppression for such a long time, she must not fall as she was the last survivor of the Xiong Hou Clan.
“Handover the Ice Origin Lake Water Bead and I will let you live.”
The White-robbed goddess was extremely fatigued too, however she was still much better off than Xiong Hou. The latter did not know how long she’d last but her reserve was almost spent.
“I have never obtained the Ice Origin Lake Water Bead, otherwise, would I remain in this bottomless pit for so long? I do not have it and I was confined in this place by someone. Perhaps the Ice Origin Lake Water Bead is just a myth, I’ve scoured through the land to search for it, for the sake of reviving my mother.” Xiong Hou muttered.
The White-robbed goddess squinted her eyes. Her words may not be true but there could also be some truth in it.
“Who confined you here? There are less than ten ancient experts in the world that could confine you in this place for many years.” The White-robbed goddess said coldly as she stared at Xiong Hou.
“If you wanna know… enter and you shall know everything.” Xiong Hou whispered, her breathing was getting shallow.
At this moment, Jiang Chen came out from the Ancestral Dragon Pagoda.
“You haven’t left?” The White-robbed goddess stared at Jiang Chen and said coldly.
To think he survived such a devastating battle, not even a Hierarch is capable of doing that.
Xiong Hou also gazed at Jiang Chen with covetous eyes. Because, if she could devour Jiang Chen, her strength could possibly recover quickly. Jiang Chen’s body was too tempting to ignore.
“Myriad Qi Body!” Xiong Hou stared at Jiang Chen intently, without blinking.
“Are you trying to devour me?” Jiang Chen sneered.
At this moment, Xiong Hou was extremely injured and would have a hard time defending herself.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2756 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2757


Chapter 2757 A Broken Spirit, an Incomplete Game of Go!
“You would’ve ran off if I was at my peak.” Xiong Hou said while gritting her teeth.
How far have I truly fallen, even a little fella who’s not even a Divine King dares to talk sh*t against me.
“I’m just afraid that you might be in danger, therefore, I chose to stay.” Jiang Chen said in a heartfelt manner.
These were his honest words, otherwise, he would’ve ran away. Still, he gained a lot from this encounter, at least, the story was more than enough for it.
“This is not a place where you should be.” The white-robbed goddess remained cold towards Jiang Chen.
“Bah~ just consider me being nosy.” Jiang Chen shrugged. Looks like there wasn’t a need for him to stay anymore.
The moment Jiang Chen wanted to leave. Xiong Hou pounced with all her might towards Jiang Chen, trying to devour him in a single bite, it was her only chance for a comeback.
“You dare?!” The white-robbed goddess shouted as she moved to stop Xiong Hou.
Xiong Hou used her final ounce of energy for that pounce, to devour Jiang Chen for a final comeback. The body of Myriad Qi was truly nutritious for her body.
Jiang Chen’s pupil contracted as he quickly retreated. The opponent was the king of the ancient beasts, it was too fast for him to react, the Heavenly Dragon Battle Armour was instantly broken off by the beast, he felt an unprecedented crisis.
The ambush of Xiong Hou was fast and ferocious, but she was still nothing to the goddess. Jiang Chen saved her life before, she would gladly do the same without hesitation as she’s not one to owe others a favour.
The white-robbed goddess and Xiong Hou clashed once again, Jiang Chen was pushed back by the powerful shockwave. Xiong Hou’s vicious plan did not succeed in the end. Jiang Chen’s expression became pale, coughing out a mouthful of blood, however, he was safe. The goddess was not in good condition though, that angelic feel of hers was gone and she was in tatters, her garment became unsightly as it was torn and dirtied. Still… the vibe she gave off was still as magnificent as ever.
“This time, thank you.” Jiang Chen said with a bitter laugh.
Both the goddess and Xiong Hou were thoroughly spent. Xiong Hou was extremely angered, her eyes were filled with vicious anger, she had a chance of a comeback! And now it’s all gone.
“From now on, we owe nothing to each other.” The goddess said indifferently.
“Speak! Where is the Ice Origin Lake Water Bead? This is your final chance.”
Jiang Chen took out the Great Yu Soul Forming Light. At this moment, it was his time to shine, as both the White-robbed goddess and Xiong Hou was at their weakest point.
“Great Yu Soul Forming Light! F*cking lad! You’re cruel!” Xiong Hou gritted her teeth, feeling extreme frustration. After all, the Great Yu Soul Forming Light could surely suppress her weakened body.
“A broken spirit and an incomplete game of Go is within the cave. The Ice Origin Lake Water Bead shall appear if you win against him. That was what the spirit told me in the past, however it has lost consciousness, I do not know who he is.”
“I hope you’re not lying, I’ll temporarily keep you in the Great Yu Soul Forming Light.” Jiang Chen sneered.
“Don’t force my hand, otherwise, I’ll drag everyone down with me. I do not fear you, puny Divine King.” Xiong Hou said with a vicious expression, however, he was utterly spent.
“I believe you! BUT that’s after you break through my Great Yu Soul Forming Light.”
Jiang Chen used the Great Yu Soul Forming Light to suppress Xiong Hou, the latter wanted to resist it but was silently suppressed by the might of the Great Yu Soul Forming Light.
“My Xiong Hou Clan will surely rise again in this world if I am still alive!” Xiong Hou roared angrily.
Her angry voice reverberated in their ears. The white-robbed goddess glanced towards Jiang Chen. This fella is somewhat useful.
“It’s a pity, these two fellas are just hanging on a thread, I’ll relieve you both of your pain now!”
Jiang Chen looked towards the two beasts and his blade flashed upon them.
Their eyes let out a single teardrop, their final gaze was gentle.
“Being reared by and having their essences sucked out by Xiong Hou, their bodies and spirit were already spent beyond repair. However, it was still preserved by Xiong Hou, degrading it to become a mere vessel of nutrition for her to devour. They are thanking you, it was a relief for them.” The White-robbed goddess said quietly.
The two beasts vanished from the trace of the world instantly, Jiang Chen then saw two dragon balls appear before him.
“Although the dragon ball is a great item… you deserve it.”
The White-robbed goddess did not want to contest against Jiang Chen for it.
“Then, I shall gladly take these.”
Jiang Chen took a deep breath after taking the dragon balls. This encounter was truly fruitful.
The goddess walked towards the depths of the cave when he was preparing to leave because he knew how powerless he was. Even the peerless Xiong Hou was suppressed by this broken spirit, why should he venture on? He’s not a coward, but he understood what it means to be reckless and foolish. It’s stupid for him to venture on for the sake of uncovering a mystery knowing that the danger was way over his capabilities.
“You still insist on going in?” Jiang Chen looked towards the White-robbed goddess.
“None of your business.” The White-robbed goddess proceeded to enter the cave.
Jiang Chen frowned. This fearless woman, I can’t beat her now, should I continue forward? Towards a certain death?
Jiang Chen wanted to leave. However, it did not sit well in his conscience. No matter how, she has become his woman, whether she accepts it or not, it was an unchangeable fact for him.
Jiang Chen followed the white-robbed goddess into the cave. The cave became quiet after Xiong Hou was gone. However, the pressure remained, Jiang Chen suspected that the mystery of Luo Feng Valley was not related to the Xiong Hou.
“Such a gigantic Go set!”
A giant stone platform that was over a hundred zhang wide appeared before Jiang Chen, black and white pieces situated on top of it. The white-robbed goddess frowned and was deep in thought before the game.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2757 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2758


Chapter 2758 Nine Sets, Losing Completely!
Jiang Chen’s expression became solemn. Although he knew the rules of Go, he’s no expert of the game. Jiang Chen saw that this was not a simple game.
There was a giant stone platform on the two sides of the set, looking like it was prepared for the players to sit in.
While Jiang Chen and the white-robbed goddess were thinking in silence, a black figure appeared before the other platform. He had a long white beard. Jiang Chen was unable to see his face no matter how hard he looked. As if his face was covered by a white fog, mysterious. Most importantly, he could not feel a shred of spiritual energy coming from this spirit.
“My two little friends, hehe, it must be fate that allowed us to meet each other. You’ll be able to take this Ice Origin Lake Water Bead if you can solve this.” The black-robbed old man said with a pale smile, his voice was warm.
“May I know your name?” The goddess asked.
Jiang Chen was also curious as the spirit appeared suddenly, without any warnings.
“I am just a spiritual intent. As a matter of fact, I do not know who I am. I do not know who you are, too. My original self left this intent here to wait for the fated one to solve this game, only then could my spirit rest in peace.” The black-robbed old man said with a smile.
“A spiritual intent without the consciousness of the owner, but still able to suppress that beast billions of years. I’m afraid there are only less than 10 peerless experts who could do it.” The white-robbed goddess murmured.
Since this black-robbed old man had no plans to tell or truly does not know who he was… she could only take a guess, however, she was secretly shocked beyond belief.
Jiang Chen could not understand how shocked the white-robbed goddess was. Because he does not understand how powerful and scary this spirit without consciousness was.
“Since you guys have entered this game, there is no retreat. You will forever be trapped in this place if you cannot beat this game, until the collapse of the Heavenly Dao. Perhaps you may be able to leave this game if another era comes.”
The goddess took a deep breath.
Until the collapse of the Heavenly Dao, meaning that they will forever be trapped in this place and be set free only if the Heavenly Dao collapses.
“Let’s see how great this game is,” said the white-robbed goddess coldly.
She was confident in her skill in Go, probably less than ten people could defeat her in this world. Her desire to win was burning fiercely.
“Please…” The black-robbed old man raised his arm and said.
Jiang Chen looked at both of them with curiosity. Wondering how good the white-robbed goddess was. Xiong Hou could not escape this place after millions of years. Jiang Chen felt a slight regret. If this woman is not greater than Xiong Hou, it’s probably a sure-lose. Woman… a species that is adept at causing trouble…
Jiang Chen stood with his arms crossed as he curiously watched the two.
The goddess looked like a true expert in this game, she was not falling behind after a dozen rounds. He does not understand the game but he could see how scary the game was, like it was filled with countless blades.
The goddess’ expression became pale as every minute passed.
On the 37th round, the white-robbed goddess’ expression changed drastically as she coughed out a mouthful of blood.
“You lost.” The black-robbed old man said with a smile as a powerful pressure suppressed the white-robbed goddess.
Jiang Chen felt uncomfortable when he saw her expression, feeling bad for her.
“I forgot to tell you guys that, you have to withstand the pressure coming from it every time you lose. Not even an Emperor expert could take more than ten times. That animal would rather be sealed here than to try for the tenth set. Hehehe.” The black-robbed old man said with a smile.
It was such a piercing voice for Jiang Chen and the white-robbed goddess. Is this old man treating this as a game? We’re betting our lives on the line here!
“I’ve learned a lesson.”
The goddess became silent as she faced her opponent with pride. Her eyes were filled with fixation and persistence. Jiang Chen only saw those traits in himself, one that would never back down!
The second time, on the 44th round, she lost. She received a greater level of pressure. Jiang Chen saw the persistence in her expression, most importantly, he too was feeling that pressure but not as great as hers, but it was still pretty suffocating.
The third time, on the 52nd round, she lost again. She and Jiang Chen’s pressure increased once more.
On the fourth time, on the 77th round, she lost again.
On the fifth time, on the 93th round, the goddess’ eyes showed a hint of pain. Jiang Chen was withstanding tremendous pressure too. However, he was far more powerful than your average Divine King.
On the sixth, seventh, and finally the eighth time, she lost on the 144th steps.
On the ninth time, the same thing happened. She had used everything she learnt throughout her life, she still lost to her opponent. Her spirit felt like it was being locked down, unable to move, the pressure that was placed upon her, it felt like it had seeped into her spine.
However, she did not intend to give up, yet she lost at that same very stage, as if she was stuck at a dead-end, she could not get out of it.
“I cannot accept this.” She said while gritting her teeth.
Her eyes were filled with ambition, however, nine continuous failures have caused her confidence to fall. Only a single chance remained, the tenth set, and she could not think what would happen. The oldman said before that not even an Emperor Realm expert could withstand the pressure of the tenth loss.
“That animal has tried deducing outside the game for millions of years, yet she does not have the courage to proceed for the tenth set. Hehehe.” The black-robbed old man said with a smile.
Jiang Chen silently looked towards the White-robbed goddess. He was captured by her, utterly and completely. Because he too felt that his soul was sealed and trapped, unable to get away, only capable of moving around this cave.
“Are we really trapped in here?” Jiang Chen shuddered as he glanced towards the goddess.
Currently, she was silently thinking. The pressure that was placed upon her was gigantic. Could this set be unbeatable?
She wanted to look back towards Jiang Chen, but she couldn’t do it. This fella insisted on following me into the cave, we’re both trapped now.
Nine sets, losing completely!
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2758 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2759


Chapter 2759 Game Solved, There Is No Construction Without Destruction
Jiang Chen and the white-robbed goddess glanced at each other. Both of their expressions were heavy. However, it was pointless to blame anyone now, Jiang Chen was thinking of a way to get out of this situation too.
The goddess stared at the giant Go board, wanting to go for the final game, yet she held herself back, because she would be stuck in this place forever with Jiang Chen if she failed.
“Hehehe, Heaven’s mandate, Heaven’s mandate… looks like this game is unsolvable, one era has passed and it’s still the same.” The old man said with a bitter laugh, his voice was filled with sadness.
He really wanted someone to solve the game, yet no one succeeded.
“Do you truly hope someone would solve this set? Then, why do you play against your opponent instead of finding the solution for it?” Jiang Chen stared at the old man.
“I only wanted to lose, because this set was not set up by me, I too want it solved. Yet, there’s no way.” The old man helplessly said and shook his head.
“Who created this set? Have you ever tried solving it yourself, if you also wanted to break it? Do you not have an idea after billions of years has passed?” Jiang Chen asked.
“Who? I do not know, I only know after so many years, this set is an ever-changing set, just like the countless Daos that will converge in the end. Changing the minds of others to change this set. If this set could not be solved, then, this era shall not be able to withstand Heaven’s collapse.” The old man said with a blurred tone.
Jiang Chen did not understand parts of his words but he caught a keyword from the old man, you must overturn everything, rebuild the set, not get led by others. Meaning that, to solve this set, you must destroy the original setting and create a new path.
“Solve, solve the game, to solve the game, no matter what change one make, one shall forever be led by the nose.” Jiang Chen murmured.
No matter how great the white-robbed goddess was, she still lost in the end. No matter how the black-robbed old man researched the set, he still couldn’t find the true ways to solve it.
“There is no construction without destruction, activation after destruction.”
Jiang Chen’s eyes shone brightly.
“Isn’t there one more chance? I would like to try.” Jiang Chen said.
The goddess looked towards Jiang Chen, the latter’s expression was cold and silent. She had to rely on him to solve it. However, the result of this set would determine their future, even their lives. Still… Jiang Chen never said a word even though she lost 9 in a row.
“Would you like to try? However, both of you will be destroyed if you lose.” The old man asked.
That Xiong Hou who had been sealed in this place for many years could only stop at the ninth attempt, not daring to move forward. Jiang Chen could not stay put in this place, there were people waiting for him. He would feel a great regret if he was stuck in this place. No matter what might come, he would move forward and grab hold of the chance he had.
“Although I may not amount much right now, I will eventually succeed if I keep moving forward! I’ll meet an ill-fate if I cower and hide no matter what, why not move forward?!” Jiang Chen said proudly, although not sure whether he would succeed.
“Great! Little lad has a great spirit! Hahaha, please!” The old man said with a laugh.
“Senior, please let me pass.” Jiang Chen said.
The old man was slightly stunned, not understanding what he meant by allowing him to pass through. Whereas the white-robbed goddess silently stared at Jiang Chen, not knowing what he was planning.
Jiang Chen took out his Heavenly Dragon Sword and pointed towards the giant Go board, he took a step forward and slashed. The white-robbed goddess and the old man were shocked by his act.
Jiang Chen slashed his trusted blade and the hundred Zhang Go board shattered, the Go pieces shattered into a pile of rubble.
“This…”
The old man did not expect Jiang Chen to do such a thing. Cutting apart the Go board in a single slash and the Go pieces were shattered by the sword qi. That unbeatable set vanished into thin air, becoming a pile of rubble and ash.
“This is my method in solving the game.” Jiang Chen put away his blade and said.
To solve the set, it’s to destroy it, changing everything utterly, even by destroying it. There is no construction without destruction, only through destruction could one rebuild everything.
“Madman.” The goddess frowned, she did not think Jiang Chen’s method would work.
“Hahaha! Not bad! There is no construction without destruction! Not bad at all!” The black-robbed old man said with a laugh.
The fog around his appearance dispersed, showing a thin, average-looking face, even the white-robbed goddess had never seen it before. However, his eyes felt like it was glowing, shining, like the stars up in the sky, his expression was of joy and excitement.
“Could this be the way to solve it?” The goddess murmured.
She could not believe that Jiang Chen’s solution to beating the set was to cut it in half, destruction and reconstruction!
“Three thousand great worlds, anything imaginable will happen, another era after another era, little boy, your ‘game-solving’ gave me hope.” The thin old man said, feeling a surge of emotion.
“This… is the way to solve the game?” Jiang Chen said.
He too did not expect this to work, this was just his usual ways, always unexpected. He wasn’t confident in this method too, because it was almost impossible to win against this game.
“May I ask the senior, who are you?” The goddess knew how powerless she was in front of him; she did not dare think how powerful and terrifying this person was.
“I’ve said it before, I too do not know who I am, I am just an intent, not really a spirit. This time, you guys have destroyed my shackle and set me free, this is the Ice Origin Lake Water Bead.” The old man took out a crystal clear bead and threw it towards Jiang Chen,
The energy of the Ice Origin Lake Water Bead was much greater than the dragon ball. He knew that the current him was unable to control this Ice Origin Lake Water Bead.
“Thank you, senior.”
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2759 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2760


Chapter 2760 Really? Do We Owe Nothing to Each Other?
The goddess’ eyes shone brightly the instant Jiang Chen took the Ice Origin Lake Water Bead. She was filled with disappointment, but she would’ve been trapped in this place if it wasn’t for Jiang Chen. This Ice Origin Lake Water Bead was Jiang Chen to take, she did not have any qualms about it.
“When you reach the Emperor Realm in the future, come back here and I shall grant you a gift.” The old man smiled and looked at Jiang Chen.
“Alright.” Jiang Chen said no more.
To reach the Emperor Realm, that would require him god knows how many years, he did not mind much of the old man’s words. However, the white-robbed goddess was pretty shocked as this thin-old man could be one of the few most powerful individuals in the world! Have you ever thought of someone that could give a gift to an Emperor Expert, how powerful could he be?!
The thin-old man turned and left, disappearing into nothingness before muttering:
“Meeting the three Greater Gods of the world in the dream as they sanctify the Heavenly Courtyard, cutting off the past, not letting down the heavens and others!”
The old man disappeared into the depths of the void and the surrounding pressure disappeared.
At the same time, a silent quake happened throughout the Divine World.
Western-pole Divine Land, under the Great Spiritual Mountain, a ruined motionless idol cracked and shook violently.
Eastern Victorious Divine Land, on the eastern sea, millions of Zhang tall tsunami waves crashed. An ancient historical site came up from the sea, shaking the world. The whole Eastern Victorious Divine Land was in an uproar.
Desolate Divine Land, countless ancient demonic beasts wrecked havoc as they roared, their roars reached millions of li away.
Central Region Divine Land, an old man was standing on top of a pagoda, with a rickety body, squinted his eyes and looked towards the north. He slightly coughed twice. His fingers started to make a certain seal and made a forecast, his eyes suddenly opened wide and shot out a bright ray of light and silently said:
“Is the world changing?”
Zhou Mountain Ridge, on top of the Luo Feng Valley.
Jiang Chen finally breathed a sigh of relief and looked at the steep pit silently. Xiong Hou was already gone, leaving only a spirit and it was trapped within the Great Yu Soul Forming Light. Whereas the white-robbed goddess looked like she was preparing to leave.
“May I trade the Ice Origin Lake Water Bead? I will grant you anything.” The White-robbed goddess looked towards Jiang Chen with anticipation.
“I want you, would that be a problem? Hahaha.” Jiang Chen said with a laugh.
The white-robbed goddess’ blade appeared right before his neck before he could react. He knew that he couldn’t evade the moment she closed-in on him.
“It’s just a joke, spare the agitation.” Jiang Chen said quietly as he curled his lips.
“It’s fine if you’re not willing but don’t force me to kill you. ” The goddess said coldly and proudly.
“Then, is the Ice Origin Lake Water Bead that important to you? Is there anything more valuable than this if you want to trade it with me?” Jiang Chen said.
She was caught off-guard. Yeah I only want the Ice Origin Lake Water Bead. It was a matter of life-and-death for her. However… did she possess something that was more valuable than the Ice Origin Lake Water Bead? No.
The white-robbed goddess turned and left, her eyes filled with grief and sadness.
“What’s your name?”
Jiang Chen suddenly stopped her.
The goddess was slightly stunned.
“We’re from different worlds, who I am is of no importance to you. Likewise, I do not care who you are either.”
“Alright then, catch!”
Jiang Chen threw the Ice Origin Lake Water Bead to her. She looked at him with disbelief and was clearly stunned, the latter then turned and left without a word.
“Just like what you said, you don’t care who I am. However, remember, my name is Jiang Chen. From now on, we owe nothing to each other.” Jiang Chen disappeared into the clouds.
The white-robbed goddess just stood there, completely dumbfounded.
“Really? Do we owe nothing to each other?” The White-robbed goddess silently caressed the Ice Origin Lake Water Bead and sighed with a mixed feeling.
“Fire Qilin, this is great stuff. That Jiang Chen fell into the Luo Feng Valley, it’s our time to reign supreme upon the entire Linhe Boundary! Haha.” A Mid-Divine King expert said.
“Yeah, Jiang Chen is dead, the Supreme Elder of the Clear Stream Sect and the other two old monsters are already dead too. What is there for us to fear? Haha, the Linhe Boundary is ours in the future.” Another Mid-Divine King said with a smile.
Six Mid Divine King experts gathered, delightfully discussing as they surrounded the Profound Wind Sect.
“This Fire Qilin is an ancient divine beast, we’ll certainly shine if we can tame it. We can rule the whole Linhe Boundary for sure.”
“Pity, this Fire Qilin is hard to tame, not even our combined effort could subdue it. Looks like we’ll have to call some Early Divine Kings to support us.”
“The Profound Wind Sect is nothing. In contrast, that Fire Qilin is something we must obtain.”
Countless experts surrounded the Profound Wind Sect. Fire Qilin had stood his ground for ten whole days. The Profound Wind Sect would’ve been destroyed if it wasn’t for him being strong.
Jiang Chen’s death was a great shock, the devil was finally dead and the Linhe Boundary would finally be peaceful, therefore nobody could stop them.
Jiang Chen was important for the Linhe Boundary. The Luo Feng Valley was a deadly place, recognised by everyone in the Northern Cold Divine Region. It would be impossible for him to be alive after falling into that very valley! Therefore, the people were elated, they did not fear the Profound Wind Sect and had their eyes set on the Fire Qilin.
That person would surely become a ruler once he obtained the Fire QIlin, how could they not be excited?
Although the Fire Qilin was not owned by the Profound Wind Sect, it still protected the Profound Wind Sect. Therefore they were focusing their force upon the sect.
They knew about the relationship between Jiang Chen and the Fire Qilin, but who’s going to save them now that he’s gone? A new ruler shall emerge in the Linhe Boundary with Jiang Chen’s death.
Jiang Chen’s death was just the start, a start towards a great change.
“Jiang Chen? When are you coming back?” The Fire Qilin looked towards the direction Jiang Chen was.
He could not last any longer as many more Divine Kings joined in. He could not save himself, lest Profound Wind Sect, the Profound Wind Sect would be destroyed after he’s gone.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2760 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2761


Chapter 2761 Fire Qilin’s Perseverance
“Master Fire Qilin, you must leave here now. Although our sect is weak, at least we still hold our dignity high and we will never allow others to trample on it.”
Xuan Qingming solemnly said but he looked really depressed because the life and death of Profound Wind Sect was completely in Fire Qilin’s hand now. If Fire Qilin was not here, they would have been smashed by others much earlier.
Fire Qilin shook his head and said with a deep voice:
“I will not leave here even if I die.”
Xuan Qingming found Fire Qilin’s perseverance really admirable but he could not help feeling guilty too. However, Fire Qilin knew that they were only alive because of him.
For the people besieging the Profound Wind Sect, getting the Fire Qilin would help them to dominate Linhe Boundary. They saw Jiang Chen as their biggest enemy but since Jiang Chen had gone missing and no one knew whether he was still alive, they were going to tortune his father to death to release the hatred.
In their perspective, Jiang Chen was already dead. Who could survive from falling to Luo Feng Valley?
However, Fire Qilin believed that Jiang Chen was still alive. As long as he was still alive, he would not allow others to step into the Profound Wind Sect. He would protect Jiang Chen’s sect and also protect his father. Not to say human, the Divine Beast Clan had always been faithful to the promise they made. Fire Qilin would not mind losing his life as he knew that he would hardly pay the kindness Jiang Chen had shown him. He must keep his promise to protect the sect and his father. Since Jiang Chen had said that he would come back then Fire Qilin would keep waiting.
“Profound Sect Lord, is Luo Feng Valley really that terrifying?”
Jiang Zhenhai looked at Xuan Qingming and asked strugglingly. Jiang Chen was everything to him. He believed that Jiang Chen would not die so easily. However, he still could not help feeling anxious looking at the outsiders trying to invade the sect.
Xuan Qingming smiled bitterly; he did not even know how to answer the question. Jiang Chen had already died and this was an unchangeable truth. Even though Jiang Chen was invincible, Luo Feng Valley was one of the deadliest places in the Northern Cold Divine Region. Not to mention Linhe Boundary, even a master from Lone Dragon County would not dare to explore the Luo Feng Valley. Those who had entered the valley had never come out. There was no exception, even for Divine Emperor experts.
The Luo Feng Valley was a huge deadly valley to all of them. No one would dare to step into it. The people of Linhe Boundary would rather fight the god of death than going into Luo Feng Valley. Those invincible experts of Clear Stream Sect, Divine Pill Sect and Ghost Eye Sect had already disappeared. Many people who were watching the battle saw Jiang Chen and the Supreme Elders falling into the Luo Feng Valley together. More than a month has already passed and it’s impossible to have any news about them anymore.
“Luo Feng Valley is the place where elites fall. No matter how strong you are, you can’t beat the Luo Feng Valley.”
Xuan Qingming said with a low voice. He felt really sorry for Jiang Chen as he was the most formidable disciple in the Profound Wind Sect. Jiang Chen had always put Profound Wind Sect in his heart and he made the entire Linhe Boundary proud. However, he passed away too early. Xuan Qingming sighed as the hero normally had a relatively shorter life than others. He had not yet raised the Linhe Boundary up, but he had already passed away. If the Supreme Elders did not put him into such a predicament, Jiang Chen would definitely be able to dominate the Lone Dragon County.
Although the Profound Wind Sect was in great danger at the moment, he did not put the blame on Jiang Chen as everything was under heaven’s control. What was the point of controlling everything under heaven?
“Then, my son…….”
Jiang Zhenhai was silent for a while and murmured, his eyes were full of worry. He was in great sorrow. However, he wanted to see Jiang Chen’s corpse if he had indeed died. He knew his son very well that Jiang Chen might not have passed away yet. There had been countless crises Jiang Chen had gone through from Saint Origin World to Nine Regions Immortal World up until this world. Everytime, Jiang Chen managed to turn these storms into nothing and survived through the obstacles.
Although Jiang Zhenhai thought so, he was still very anxious after listening to Xuan Qingming. It’s common for humans to make mistakes. Moreover, not many people could approach Luo Feng Valley easily. Even supreme experts or Divine Emperor masters found it hard to come near the Luo Feng Valley. They would die at Luo Feng Valley too.
“Brother Zhen, even if we die, I will also stay with you. I believe your son would not disappoint you.”
Ling Ruyue comforted him and said. But how would Jiang Zhenhai be relieved so easily?
If Jiang Chen did not return, the Profound Wind Sect would be in great danger and they would become a past too.
“I have a plan, Elder Jiang. Let Fire Qilin bring you two out of this place.”
Xuan Qingmin said.
Jiang Zhenhai shook his head.
“My son is a man who bears everything on his shoulder. How can I, an old man, be a coward? Even if we leave here, how do we know if the Profound Wind Sect won’t be attacked? Let’s all fight the battle with our life on the line. I will never give up.”
Jiang Zhenhai and Fire Qilin were both very stubborn. For Xuan Qingming, it had been a challenge because he did not want Jiang Zhenhai to suffer here. But, fighting together seemed like the only option to both of them now. No wonder he could raise such a responsible son up.
“Haha, Fire Qilin. You’re almost at the end of your life. You’re going to die if you still want to fight. I don’t believe that you could go against the entire Linhe Boundary. Hahaha.
“Yea, just surrender yourself. Fire Qilin, Jiang Chen is dead. If you continue to be this stubborn, don’t blame us for being so ruthless.”
“Jiang Chen has died inside the Luo Feng Valley. What is the point of struggling here? Smart people would make decisions according to the situation. Fire Qilin, don’t you know that you have come to the dead end?”
“Stop bullsh*ting with him. Fire Qilin is a treasure. Since we can’t have him alone, let’s tear him apart and devour his body. Isn’t that faster? We are going to repay the pain Jiang Chen gave us on his beast and his father.”
Six experts from different sects all were here while Ghost Eye Sect and Divine Pill Sect took the leading position. Fire Qilin would not be able to leave easily as the six experts plus twenty Early Divine King Realm experts were all here.
They were all the hiding elders of their respective sects. Although they were incomparable to Xuanyuan Wuqiong, Dan Yingqing and Li Zheyan, they were actually all very experienced masters in their sect. Even though Fire Qilin was talented and skillful, the Mid Divine King Realm masters would still pose a great threat to him and put him in a worse place.
“Let’s fight with my life, What would I, Fire Qilin, be afraid of!”
Fire Qilin took a step forward and spurted out his fire flame with his overbearing aura.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2761 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2762


Chapter 2762 I Will Never Put You in Shame
Despite being constrained by two experts, the Fire Qilin still did not show any signs of defeat. Instead, he became more courageous in the battle. However, the six experts planned to torture the Fire Qilin slowly, to slowly use up all of his strength. Then, he would be defeated in the end.
The Fire Qilin knew that this would be his last battle. No matter if Jiang Chen could come back or not, he had already tried his best in the battle and he would die without regret.
Jiang Chen had shown great kindness to him before, that was why Fire Qilin would do anything to help Jiang Chen. His determination had really impressed those who were taking advantage of him now. These people only bullied the weak but they were afraid of the strong. When Jiang Chen overcame the Clear Stream Sect, no one dared to go against him at all. However, as they knew Jiang Chen’s death now, they suddenly changed their target, going against Profound Wind Sect and coveted the Fire Qilin. They joined hands together to attack the Profound Wind Sect and suppress the Fire Qilin.
“When Jiang Chen was still here, you guys were as timid as mice wouldn’t dare to go against us! But now that Jiang Chen has gone missing, you start doing whatever you like without any principles. It’s really impressive. Humph. I will not let you guys get what you want today. If you want to catch me, get stronger first!”
The Fire Qilin was invincible and he soared up to the sky with his flaming aura. He swept across the sky with thunderous strikes, and the entire place heated up. The flame spurted out by the Fire Qilin had brightened up the sky and put the entire sky on fire. The six Mid Divine Kings did not dare to be slow in action in the battle too.
“Everyone! kill this beast then we will share its meat.”
Li Kuangying said with a cold smile. He was the reclusive elder of Ghost Eye Sect. His strength was not any weaker than the sect lord, however, he was reluctant to come out of his seclusion before. But since there was no leader in the Ghost Eye Sect anymore, he appeared here to lead the disciples.
“Alright. I agree. I want the horn of this Fire Qilin. That would be a great treasure to concoct pills. Hahaha.”
Dan Guifeng smiled and said.
He was the genius elder of the Divine Pill Sect. He had been isolating himself for cultivation for more than a thousand years. After he came back, he became a star in the Linhe Boundary.
“Hahaha. Well said. I want the Fire Qilin’s legs. After eating the legs, I will definitely be revived and my strength will improve greatly.”
Some people laughed loudly. Six people built an alliance to fight the Fire Qilin. Although the Fire Qilin was extraordinarily fierce, it was still very difficult for him to fight their joint forces. They were also the true experts of Linhe Boundary, so they were not inferior to the Fire Qilin. The Fire Qillin had gone through four fights in this battle. It became more and more of a struggle for him.
“Despite your talent, you would have to submit to me. Get out of here!”
Someone shouted in fury and kept striking against the Fire Qilin. The Fire Qilin had no way to retreat now and could only fight. The six experts did not give the Fire Qilin any chance to counterattack at all. Their attacks were launched with their Divine Tools continuously. The Fire Qilin was not able to handle the continuous strike and unceasingly suffered injuries. The situation became even more difficult now.
The wounds on the Fire Qilin’s body could not recover in such a short time. He had completely lost the opportunity to counterattack and fell into the situation where he could only defend himself. The injuries he suffered became more and more severe, and he had lost the overbearing manner he earlier had. The Fire Qilin was defeated by the six Divine King Realm experts. Meanwhile, those Early Divine King Realm experts kept striking against the Fire Qilin too. They did not show any chance for him to mount a comeback. The battle looked like the great battle Jiang Chen had with the different sects last time. However, the Fire Qilin was not as invincible as Jiang Chen as he did not have the capability of turning the situation around.
His body was covered with bloody wounds and his deep roar showed his fury and unwillingness. It was extremely difficult for him to deal with so many experts at the same time. His situation was really worrying.
The six experts did not come to have a life-and-death battle with him at all. Instead, they wanted to torture him by dragging the time longer. This was the most effective way in this battle. If they fought with all of their strength at the cost of their life, they would also suffer great losses.
The Fire Qilin’s body was covered with fresh blood. The battle was really tragic and difficult.
Xuan Qingming and Jiang Zhenhai had witnessed the scene and were heartbroken, however, they were helpless. After Jiang Chen died, they had become sheep ready to be slaughtered. The battle among the sect was going to break out and now was just the beginning. Now that Jiang Chen disappeared in the world, there would be no peace in Linhe Boundary for at least a hundred years.
The Fire Qilin was battling at the cost of his life. No one dared to fight him face-to-face because they would be injured severely even if they did not die.
“Bastard humans, who dares to fight with me now!”
The Fire Qilin roared in fury.
The Divine Kings had already defeated the Fire Qilin. Blood kept bleeding out from his body and it looked extremely heartbreaking. His eyes were also full of blood that were turning into scabs. His scales fell off from his body, and one could even see his bone.
The Fire Qilin kept gasping for breath because he knew that he didn’t have much time left.
“Jiang Chen, let’s continue our friendship in the next life. Even if I die, I will be standing here! I will not put you in shame.
The Fire Qilin’s eyes were filled with tears as he soared up to the clouds to have a life-and-death battle with the opponents.
“He will definitely die, but he still keeps making unnecessary struggles, truly ignorant. He would rather die than submit himself to us. Sigh. Alright, it’s also good for me. It’s the first time I am going to eat Fire Qilin’s meat.”
Someone grinned and said. He was excited to taste a Fire Qilin.
“He’s going to fall soon. Take this chance to kill him.”
Li Kuangying said and smiled coldly. He took the initiative with Dan Guifeng, rushing towards the Fire Qilin.
The Fire Qilin was in despair. It seemed like Jiang Chen had already died. He did not believe this in the beginning, but now the Fire Qilin had lost all hope.
“Fire Qilin, it’s your time to die.”
The Fire Qilin looked at his opponents. He did not feel sad or happy at this moment. He hadn’t reached the peak of his life yet, but he would be killed soon. Undeniably, this happened quite often in the Qilin Clan. Although the Qilin Clan was not inferior to the Dragon Clan, it did not have the family support system like the Dragon Clan. The Qilin Clan only relied on the inheritance of memory and did not have their own clan, which made the Qilin clan incredibly rare. They had been seen as treasures ever since.
“Scram!”
A shocking shout made everyone tremble in fear. The Fire Qilin opened his eyes suddenly and stared at the grand figure in the sky. He was stunned and astonished.
Jiang Zhenhai felt the same as he looked at the figure with great shock. His eyes were filled with tears as his son really did not disappoint him!
“Is this…… is this real?”
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2762 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2763


Chapter 2763 Crowned the Linhe Boundary
Xuan Qingming was completely dumbstruck. Everyone knew that Luo Feng Valley was the deadliest place in the Linhe Boundary. No one had ever come out from the valley before. So many people had witnessed Jiang Chen and the three Supreme Elders fall into the Luo Feng Valley. Who could imagine this? Unexpectedly, Jiang Chen once again soared up to the sky, looking down in disdain.
Li Kuangying, Dan Guifeng and the others looked at each other while feeling horrified. Was that Jiang Chen? Didn’t he die? How could he still be here? Had he really come out from Luo Feng Valley? This would really be shocking news. Who would dare believe this?
“No, he’s not Jiang Chen. Definitely not!”
Everyone looked at his back and could not help shivering. If this was really Jiang Chen, weren’t they all going to be killed here? Did Jiang Chen really manage to break through the constraint and curse of Luo Feng Valley?
That was a place that even Divine Emperor Realm experts would be scared of. No one knew if any emperor realm expert had entered the valley before or not. Even the people of the Central Region Divine Land might be scared of that place. However, it’s unknown whether they had been in Luo Feng Valley before or not.
“Jiang Chen has passed away, hasn’t he?”
“Really? Jiang Chen fell into the Luo Feng Valley, didn’t he? Who is this person?”
“I don’t believe it! I don’t believe it!”
Li Kuangying roared madly. Everyone was shocked by Jiang Chen’s shout and fell to the ground. They did not dare make any move. It was really ridiculous to see that the six Mid Divine King Realm experts and more than twenty Early Divine King Realm experts shivering in fear after being shouted at by a Half-step Divine King.
“You guys seem to not know what wrong you have done. Clear Stream Sect is only an example. Since you guys are so stubborn and you even dared to take action against Profound Wind Sect and my father, it is actually pointless for you guys to stay alive anymore.”
Jiang Chen’s voice sounded calm but everyone’s countenance fell as if something bad had already happened. They were all scared of Jiang Chen for his notorious reputation. Jiang Chen did not take any action yet at the moment while the others all waited solemnly. They were afraid of Jiang Chen’s attack which could easily kill them.
“Jiang Chen, are you really Jiang Chen? How did you get out of the Luo Feng Valley? I have seen you fall into the valley with my own two eyes. Where are the three Supreme Elders?”
Dan Fenggui gritted his teeth and said as he was unwilling to accept the truth.
Jiang Chen gave the Fire Qilin a glance and said in a low voice:
“You did a good job.”
Fire Qilin roared softly and shook his head.
Jiang Chen was looking at the Fire Qilin’s body. He felt his heart ache at this moment. God damn these bastards who almost sent the Fire Qilin to hell.
“You guys have no reason to continue living in this world. Those three old codgers have already died, but you guys are still asleep? I am going to eliminate whoever has threatened the Profound Wind Sect. I want Linhe Boundary to turn into a bloody river. I want you guys to know who is the king here.”
Jiang Chen’s voice shocked the entire sky with an irresistible aura. Immediately, everyone took a step back unconsciously, and they seemed to be thinking of getting out of Jiang Chen’s eyes. None of the Divine King Realm experts dared to confront Jiang Chen at this moment despite their high cultivation realm.
This was Jiang Chen’s terrifying aura. They were afraid of him. He had eliminated Clear Stream Sect alone, killed a few Divine King Realm experts and three Half-step Hierarchs. How is a Half-step Divine King able to do such feats? No one would believe this if they did not see it with their own eyes. But this was a fact and they have all witnessed and experienced it.
“Jiang Chen, we don’t intend to offend you. Can you just forget about it? My Ghost Eye Sect will definitely show you great respect in the future!”
Li Kuangying, who was a Mid Divine King realm expert, had lost his overbearingness at this moment and submitted to Jiang Chen. It was beyond someone’s imagination but it was also the truth. In front of absolute power, they did not have the strength to fight against Jiang Chen at all. Jiang Chen did not die while the three Supreme Elders had already become history. Do we still have to mention Jiang Chen’s dreadfulness?
Luo Feng Xia had already let them know what kind of monster Jiang Chen was.
“Yes, we are willing to submit to Jiang Chen. We will never go against you!”
Dan Fenggui said with a smile.
“Oh? Really? Are you going to negotiate with me now? Why didn’t I see you this submissive when you wanted to eliminate the Profound Wind Sect? What qualifications do you guys have to negotiate with me now? Why do I have to allow you to submit to me? Hahaha. It’s funny.”
Jiang Chen laughed madly and kept asking them. Was he going to kill everyone again?
“Jiang Chen, don’t make the same mistake again. We have so many people with us now, how could we be afraid of you?”
Li Kuangying said stubbornly. He was actually still afraid of Jiang Chen. How could he confront Jiang Chen when their Supreme Elders had already been killed? He knew his own limitations.
“It’s too late. I am going to make Jiang Chen, this name, become the nightmare of the entire Linhe Boundary. Whoever stops me is going to die!”
Jiang Chen took out the Heavenly Dragon Sword, and the sword qi swept across the entire place.
“Let’s fight together even if we die. We cannot let this monster lead the Linhe Boundary. Otherwise, when are we going to rise up again?”
Dan Guifeng took the initiative to fight against Jiang Chen. Everyone knew that if they did not take action now, their fate would not be any better too. Jiang Chen’s overflowing killing intent had already made them tremble in fear.
Jiang Chen took up the sword and caused lightning to strike madly. More than twenty Divine King Realm experts were killed immediately. Profound Wind Sect was filled with thunder and lightning. Jiang Chen had returned. He did not feel guilty at all. After his experiences in Luo Feng Valley, he once again became everyone’s idol in the Profound Wind Sect.
In a day’s time, seven sects were eliminated and Jiang Chen had killed more than hundreds and thousands of people. It was a mad slaughter.
Jiang Chen was not an executioner. He never killed any innocent people. He did not kill any people under the Heavenly God Realm. What he eliminated were all of those major sects, and all of the elders and geniuses were killed. Their sects had been completely exterminated. More than hundreds and thousands of people perished.
Jiang Chen’s name became prominent and swept across the entire Linhe Boundary.
“I am going to do things my own way, who dares stop me?
Jiang Chen’s mightiness crowned the Linhe boundary. No one dared to go against him anymore.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2763 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2764


Chapter 2764 Who Did Not Know Him?
Within ten days, more than a hundred sects came to congratulate Jiang Chen with gifts and treasures. Heavenly Star Sect took the initiative. The Profound Wind Sect was crowded with people from different sects. Suddenly, Profound Wind Sect became the leading sect in the Linhe Boundary.
Many sect elders gathered here to send their congratulations, making Xuan Qingming so busy welcoming them. Of course, he was thrilled as Jiang Chen’s power became well-known everywhere. Everyone in Linhe Boundary knew about Jiang Chen as the number-one expert in the region. No one dared to go against him!
Undeniably, upon Jiang Chen’s return, he had completely messed up the order in Linhe Boundary and reordered the boundary. Among the ten sects, Heavenly Star Sect was the only sect that had not attacked Profound Win Sect as they were brother sects. However, nowadays even the people of Heavenly Star Sect needed to show respect to Xuan Qingming.
Profound Wind Sect was pushed to the cusp of the competition now. It was not something great but certainly not something bad too. If the Profound Wind Sect wanted to spring up, it needed true capability and opportunity. Since Jiang Chen was guarding the sect, who would dare to challenge them? No one would question Jiang Chen’s mightiness now. Being able to get out of Luo Feng Valley had provened his strength. Moreover, there had been no news about the Half-Hierarch Realm Supreme Elders. It was needless to explain too much about the fact: Jiang Chen was still alive while they had passed away in the valley.
Without much thought, the fact that Jiang Chen became the ruler of Linhe Boundary was well established. Therefore, everyone from different sects travelled a long way to come here to send congratulations to Jiang Chen as well as to the Profound Wind Sect. Profound Wind Sect was expected to become the leader of Linhe Boundary in less than a hundred years. Even Heavenly Star Sect might not have such a future. Everything was only made possible by Jiang Chen.
Xuan Qingming welcomed the guests who were from all places with a humble attitude. This had made the guests very happy as they found the Profound Wind Sect Lord was an approachable man. As long as they maintained a good relationship with the Profound Wind Sect, they would not be treated badly in the future. Although Profound Win Sect’s strength was still weak at the moment, they believed that it would rise soon.
It’s well-known that Profound Wind Sect’s foundation was still shallow. That was why everyone came with different kinds of treasures in their hands to give the sect. Although it might not sound good to be so intentional, bringing along precious gifts would still be better than bringing nothing to the Profound Wind Sect.
Jiang Chen was still in seclusion for recovery. Xuan Qingming currently took up all the responsibility in the sect. In fact, no one was here looking for Jiang Chen and they only came to send respect and congratulations. Jiang Chen was not someone whom they could meet easily. This was a fact that everyone understood. As long as they kept a good relationship with Xuan Qingming, they would build an indirect relationship with Jiang Chen. They were all smart people who understood this: Jiang Chen’s seclusion proved that he did not want to be the ruler of Linhe Boundary. However, no one would be able to take away this title from Jiang Chen. In this sense, Profound Wind Sect and Xuan Qingming would be Jiang Chen’s biggest limps in the future.
Even though Jiang Chen had eliminated the top sects, there were still more than one hundred sects in Linhe Boundary. There were still many potential disciples here and the power balance in Linhe Boundary had not been affected.
The disciples of Profound Wind Sects all carried pride on their face. Those disciples from other sects were very jealous of them. In the past, the Profound Wind Sect was only a small sect but now it had the demeanour of a powerful sect.
This was the biggest celebration in the Profound Wind Sect ever since it’s foundation. Everyone in Profound Wind Sect shone like the stars, making them very proud.
“Hahaha, congratulations, sect lord. An unparalleled talented genius is here. We all are so proud of your sect.”
“Yea, Jiang Chen’s arrival has brought us up. It’s my pleasure. It’s Linhe Boundary’s blessing.”
“It’s all Sect Lord’s teaching. Jiang Chen’s rise undeniably is highly related to the Sect Lord. Hahaha.”
“That’s right. Come on, Sect Lord, we will see you as our role model. So there will be another genius coming out from Linhe Boundary in the coming years.”
“Sect Lord is mighty and our Brother Jiang Chen is peerless. Profound Wind Sect would definitely become the leader of Linhe Boundary. I am going to congratulate Sect Lord in advance. Haha.”
All of the elders and sect lords showed great respect to Xuan Qingming. They all gave high praise to Profound Wind Sect without reserving any words to themselves. Even Jiang Zhenhai was very proud of his son because all of these were due to Jiang Chen. Although he had lost his eyesight, he could still feel the crowd in Profound Wind Sect and the praise it enjoyed.
“Brother Zhen, your son is indeed a good son.”
Lin Ruyue held Jiang Zhenhai’s hand tightly and said with a smile. Jiang Zhenhai was like a kid who was given his favourite toy, carrying a big smile on his face. He was full of passion and excitement. Lin Ruyue had never seen him smile like this before.
Jiang Chen was the star in the Linhe Boundary now. Who did not know him?
Despite the glory, Jiang Chen was still in a mountain in the Profound Wind Sect to cultivate himself.
“It would be best if I let my father eat the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart directly. But I am worried that he could not absorb its medicinal effectiveness. Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart would be very helpful for his future cultivation. I guess it’s not easy for him to digest all of it in such a short time.”
Jiang Chen murmured. The level of Divine Origin Qi in Jiang Chen’s body had reached the peak. In Luo Feng Valley, Jiang Chen had already sensed that he was going to break through after devouring Luo Binsi’s Divine Origin Essence. However, he was worried about his father, that was why he immediately rushed back to Profound Wind Sect. If he had been late late, Fire Qilin would have died and his father’s life would have been in danger and even Profound Wind Sect would have perished. He could not imagine the tragedy.
“Let’s break through first.”
Jiang Chen had been a Half-step Divine King for some time. After experiencing a few life-and-death battles, he had actually accumulated enough Divine Origin Qi to break through. His spiritual realm had already reached the Hierarch Realm. In addition to the Divine Origin Essence, Jiang Chen’s strength had advanced step-by-step and he could break through very soon. After casting Dragon Transformation Art, Jiang Chen could feel that the Divine Origin Qi flew through all of the pulse and bones in his body. The qi of Divine Origin Essence benefited him very much. Who knew he might be able to break through to Hierarch Realm or even Divine Emperor Realm.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2764 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2765


Chapter 2765 Devour the Lightning Strike
Divine Origin Qi kept flowing within Jiang Chen’s body. A haze was released from his body, it was the Myriad Qi. Jiang Chen did not expect that the Myriad Qi would transform his body this way. His body became as clear as crystal now without any flaws, it was like a brand new body. Even in Jiang Chen’s dream, he hadn’t imagined to have a clean and clear body like this.
Golden dragon marks also covered up his entire body and made his body look like it was made of gold. There was no dirt or blemish at all.
As the Dragon Transformation Art was still running, Jiang Chen’s qi and blood had all reached their peak. His dragon marks filled up his entire body and soon another one hundred thousand dragon marks appeared. However, Jiang Chen hadn’t felt the threshold of being a Divine King Realm yet. There were 3.472 million dragon marks now. He thought that that amount would definitely help him reach the Divine King Realm. However, it seemed to be not sufficient.
Jiang Chen sped up the Dragon Transformation Art, and Divine Origin Essence kept going into his body. Dragon marks kept forming on his body. He gritted his teeth tightly, suffering great pain as each of the dragon marks formed. It brought great pressure and suffering to him. The golden marks grew fully on his skin. He remained calm, looking at the transformation his body experienced. On his dantian, those Divine Origin Essense were flaring and giving off bright radiance.
Day after day, three months had passed in a blink of an eye. The number of dragon marks in his body has reached 3.5 million. However, the growth of dragon marks had not stopped yet. The Divine Origin Essence had brought him a terrifying amount of essence to boost his strength. It was indescribable. A year passed. The number of dragon marks in Jiang Chen’s body increased to 3.99 million. He finally felt that he was almost reaching the Divine King Realm. He would not mellow up himself.
After the increase of dragon marks, Jiang Chen experienced great transformation but he was not aware of it. He almost hit 4 millions dragon marks and his strength and cultivation realm had reached the peak!”
“Roar……”
Dreadful thunder arose on the top of the Profound Wind Sect and the mountain peak was covered with thunder and lightning.
“Stay calm and focus cultivating. Your senior Jiang Chen is about to break through, wait here and don’t come near him.”
Xuan Qingming’s voice echoed in the void. All the disciples heaved a sigh of relief as they found out that it was caused by Jiang Chen who was cultivating. Each of them were high in spirit. Their senior brother Jiang Chen was already very strong but he still kept cultivating himself and achieving breakthroughs. How could they, who were much weaker, stop cultivation?
“Finally, are you going to break through?”
Xuan Qingming murmured, looking worried.
“Clear Stremt Sect wasn’t able to overcome you and Linhe Boundary can’t constrain you. You even came out from Luo Feng Valley easily. This Nine Heavenly Shocking Lightning should not be too hard for you right?”
Xuan Qingming said faintly. Only a few people, especially Divine Kings, managed to break through under Heavenly Lightning. There might not even be a Divine King expert born in Linhe Boundary every thousand years. This only showed that it was extremely difficult to break through to the Divine King Realm. Jiang Chen had eliminated many Divine King experts. There were no Divine King experts anymore in most of the sects now. If they managed to have one, it would definitely help to strengthen their sect’s foundation.
Jiang Chen looked as calm as usual. He raised up his head to see the shocking thunder and lightning in the sky while his mouth was overflowing with a smile.
“Come on, I want to see how strong you are.”
Jiang Chen shouted and his eyes gazed upon the Heavenly Lightning. He was filled with overbearing aura and pride. Most of the people would be extremely careful when dealing with Heavenly Lightning as they were afraid of being killed by it. If they were careless, they might be killed and fail to break through. It was a thin line between life and death. There was no way to turn back.
However, Jiang Chen was not afraid of the Heavenly Lightning at all. Moreover, he could use the Heavenly Lightning as one of his tricks to kill his opponent. After being baptised by the Heavenly Dragon, one could be transformed completely. Once he encountered Heavenly Lightning, he would become a dragon!
*Hong…… Hong……*
When the red Heavenly Lightning appeared, Jiang Chen was stunned for a while. He had never heard and seen this before. It was incredibly dreadful, making him worry and frown.
“Be Careful Jiang Chen! It is the Fire Cloud Heavenly Lightning. This lightning is unusual as its flaming qi is even stronger than your Five Elemental True Fire. Most importantly, it can launch out a thunderous attack with the combination of fire and thunder. Even a Late Divine King Realm expert might not be safe under this lightning tribulation.”
The Fire Qilin said in a deep voice.
“According to my inherited memory, my ancestors have experienced this tribulation before. None of the three ancestors were able to withstand the Fire Cloud Heavenly Lightning. You must be very careful.”
The Fire Qilin reminded again. Jiang Chen looked even more solemn now. He was not a reckless man, especially in this situation. He felt threatened by this Fire Cloud Heavenly Lightning. Fire clouds and lightning tribulation. Such a combination must not be simple.
“I am going to see if you could kill me.”’
Jiang Chen gritted his teeth and said with a cold smile. He stared at the Fire Cloud Heavenly Lightning and his face showed no fear at all.
“Roar……”
Fire Cloud Heavenly Lightning was incredibly brutal. Merging with the fire and thunder, the Fire Cloud Heavenly Lightning was like an ancient dragon, shuttling through the sky. Fire lightning fell down and repulsed Jiang Chen with its overbearing might. Jiang Chen’s face looked pale, startled.
“Good strike!”
Jiang Chen roared in fury, his eyes slightly glowing. At this moment, Jiang Chen felt that the burning lightning had filled up his body. His whole body felt numb and burned, and it was extremely painful. Despite the pain, he would not give up easily.
Another eight strikes of Fire Cloud Heavenly Lightning fell down from the sky. Jiang Chen endured the strikes and became really weak after being blasted. The strikes had really put him into a predicament. However, there was still one last heavenly lightning which was the most terrifying one. Compared to the previous eight strikes, it was more powerful.
The Fire Cloud Heavenly Lightning had arrived to its most dreadful level. The ninth strike could devastate heaven and destroy the earth. Even a Late Divine King expert might not be able to withstand it.
“I don’t want to be killed. Let’s see who could win in the fight then.”
Jiang Chen gritted his teeth. It was beyond the Fire Qilin’s expectation that Jiang Chen did not use any defence to deal with the most dreadful strike.
“I am going to devour you!”
Jiang Chen’s eyes looked ruthless and sharp. When the ninth heavenly lightning fell, Jiang Chen devoured it with his mouth. The Fire Qilin was dumbfounded.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2765 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2766


Chapter 2766 Entering the Divine King Realm
The Fire Clouds Heavenly Lightning did not explode but was devoured by Jiang Chen. He used the essence of the Dawn Sky Golden Lightning and the Nine Stars Heavenly Tribulation Lightning to shove the Fire Clouds Tyrant Heavenly Lightning, using the two lightning to subdue it.
Jiang Chen put all his concentration upon his dantian. It was a dangerous attempt, but he did not want to give up on this Heavenly Lightning. By suppressing it using the two lightning, it will become another trump card of his. Although it’s lightning without a root, the Fire Clouds Tyrant Heavenly Lightning was very rare and powerful.
“Subdue it!”
Jiang Chen used the Myriad Qi Cauldron to subdue the three lightning. At this moment, the Fire Clouds Tyrant Heavenly Lightning finally started to calm down. He knew that the fierce lightning could only be used once. It’s not easy to merge Heavenly Lightnings after all. The Fire Clouds Tyrant Heavenly Lightning was different.
Jiang Chen stood up, and changed into another clean robe, he had finally reached the Divine King Realm.
“It’s a pity that it is a rootless lightning. I can never recover it if I use it. With two Heavenly Lightnings… I can only scare away those below the Hierarch Realm. If only I had another essence of Heavenly Lightning and merged it with the other two, then even Hierarch experts would be threatened by it.” Jiang Chen muttered.
The dragon marks within Jiang Chen increased explosively under the Dragon Transformation Art’s effect, reaching 4,300,000 dragon marks. His physical strength had increased and the next growth would probably occur when he obtained another 200,000 – 300,000 dragon marks.
At this moment, Jiang Chen’s qi had become different as if he had become one with the spiritual qi of the world, which meant that his senses had become extremely sharp, able to see things that were ten thousand li away.
“So, this is the Divine King Realm?” Jiang Chen smiled and felt that he could easily move the terrain around him and move a thousand Li with a single thought.
Divine King Realm was a giant leap, by reaching it, one could be immortal, set up their own sect, and move people. A Divine King would be regarded as one of the top-dogs in a county. One would also obtain the preliminary qualification to travel around the Northern Cold Divine Region after reaching this realm. However, this would not apply in the Central Region Divine Land. In a place like counties and boundaries, it’s pretty impressive.
Divine King Realm allowed one to be near immortal, however, those who had reached this stage would not stop here, they would pursue a greater height! They would only die if they over-expend their innate talent and fight a life-and-death battle. Without those battles, they would not be able to reach for a greater height, however. The saying that Divine Kings are immortal was just a general concept, because there were extremely few Divine Kings that would stay stagnant in this stage. That’s why those talented Divine King experts would leave their original territory and would not come back after tens of thousands of years.
Those who are genuinely powerful have their own stage to play. To return would mean to cower, to step forward would mean taking a life-and-death risk. The Emperor Realm, a life-long dream sought after by many, however, only a handful of people had truly reached it. Most importantly, nobody could comprehend and touch upon the secrets of the Emperor Realm without going through countless battles and life-and-death situations.
Jiang Chen’s divine origin qi had become extremely vast and thick. As if an ancient giant beast was trying to break out from his body, he too felt that the explosive energy was somewhat terrifying.
Jiang Chen finally understood the difference between the Divine King Realm and Heavenly God Realm. Not even those Half-Step Divine Kings would understand it, a true Divine King could connect with the spiritual qi of the world and cultivate without constraint, he doesn’t even need to activate the Dragon Transformation Art to cultivate.
The Divine King Realm signifies true change, a Heavenly God could become a lord of a little city. But after one reached the Divine King Realm, one’s horizon would truly broaden, it’s important to have the heart constantly pursuing strength.
A Divine King was valued no matter where they went, they had opened up the path towards the journey of seeking the Emperor Realm. How could one think of reaching the Great Emperor Realm without reaching the Divine King Realm? Only by reaching the Divine King Realm could one have a small hope of reaching the Emperor Realm! That hope is extremely tiny. There’s also the Hierarch Realm before it, and it wasn’t easy to reach it too. Some Divine Kings couldn’t even reach the doorstep of the Hierarch Realm after spending their whole life. Only the extremely talented could reach the God Emperor Realm.
Most importantly, after reaching the Divine King Realm, one needed more than just the spiritual qi of the world to break through, one must steadily improve one’s soul and the understanding of the great Dao of the Heavens and Earth. Not even the most talented men could surpass their limit if they do not have that understanding, but one could easily survive even if the land became barren. Which meant that the next step would be much harder than before, the comprehension, the realisation, the understanding of the Dao was the barrier that had stopped many men from reaching the Emperor Realm.
Jiang Chen knew that it’s not easy to reach that stage, but he was confident in himself. That weak little Void God fella who had just reached the Divine World had now obtained a certain power, soon, he’ll reign supreme upon this Lone Dragon County.
The growth of the Profound Wind Sect was unstoppable. He had no comment about it. Everyone knew that the Profound Wind Sect would thrive because of him and he knew about it. He would step upon a long journey after this and his father needed a quiet place to settle down and recover, the Profound Wind Sect was the most suitable place to do so.
Jiang Chen took the thick energy of the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart and put it into Jiang Zhenhai’s body. The Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart didn’t disappoint Jiang Chen and thoroughly recovered Zhenhai’s injuries, his limbs, his eyes were all recovered, even his cultivation realm reached the Heavenly God Realm, which was out of Jiang Chen’s expectation.
“Haha, this Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart is pretty good. You still can’t completely digest this massive energy, you’ll reach a greater height after you digest that energy. ” Jiang Chen said with a smile and his eyes were filled with satisfaction.
Jiang Zhenhai looked at his son, his pride. Any hurdles could be crossed with him here. There’s no need for courtesies between father and son, he felt happy that he has him as his son.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2766 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2767


Chapter 2767 His Stage
However, it’s different now, Jiang Zhenhai was not alone anymore, there’s Lin Ruyue. Both of them relied on each other, Jiang Chen felt happiness oozing out just by looking at them, he was happy as he watched his father.
“I am not alone anymore, I will protect you, Xiao Yue.” Jiang Zhenhai said solemnly as his son was an external force, not something of his own.
Lin Ruyue had awakened his youth, he was burning with passion on achieving a much greater cultivation realm, because without strength, he could not protect his loved ones.
Lin Ruyue felt extremely happy too as she snuggled into Jiang Zhenhai’s embrace. Her heart could finally rest easy as she saw him being well.
Jiang Chen grabbed his father’s palm before the bed. Father and son, their bonds as closed as ever.
“Father, I should leave now that your injuries have recovered. Aunt Lin, I hope you take care of my father in the future.” Jiang Chen said.
“That rushed?”
Jiang Zhenhai wanted to spend some time with his son, but he also knew how his son was. His ambition and dream was far bigger than he could imagine.
“Yes, I’ll leave today.” Jiang Chen said.
Xuan Qingming came rushing in.
“Jiang Chen, are you leaving?” Xuan Qingming said with reluctance.
The Profound Wind Sect was currently at its developing stage, their roots on Linhe Boundary was not yet firm. The sect would surely receive restriction on their development after Jiang Chen’s departure. However, Xuan Qingming could not force Jiang Chen to stay, as this was all given to him by Jiang Chen. Without Jiang Chen’s guidance, he too would not reach the Peak Late Heavenly God Realm. Jiang Chen had become the pillar supporting the whole sect.
“I will set up another formation before I leave. By then, not even a Hierarch realm expert could do anything against the Profound Wind Sect if you do not step outside the boundary. No one else could disturb the sect, you just need to quietly cultivate and improve your strength.”Jiang Chen said firmly.
Xuan Qingming felt assured from Jiang Chen’s promise.
“I will not say much anymore, Brother Jiang could easily become the Profound Wind Sect’s Great Elder, the Profound Wind Sect shall forever be your home.” Xuan Qingming said this was a promise to Jiang Chen.
Jiang Chen laid another formation on the Profound Wind Sect once again, the formation’s strength was even more powerful than before now that he has become a divine king. A defensive formation was much easier to build than an offensive one. He was also pretty shocked by the result, one that could easily withstand a Hierarch expert’s attack. Not even the Reverend of the Nine Boundaries could break through the formation.
“Oh right, Jiang Chen, hundreds of sects offered a great amount of treasures. Just tell me what you want, there are some pretty high grade treasures, we can’t use all of them.” Xuan Qingming said.
“Treasures?” Jiang Chen’s brow raised. Hmm looks like I have to take a look.
“Ten Thousand Years Fleeceflower Root, Thousand Years Ginseng, Ten Thousand Years Ancient Vine Heart, the essence of a worm grass and many more.” Xuan Qingming looked at the mountain of treasures.
“Ten Thousand Years Ancient Vine Heart?” Jiang Chen’s heart was moved.
The Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart was used by his father and he really wanted another Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart for himself. However, it was not something that can be easily obtained. Perhaps, the Heaven Seizing Fortune Pill could be concocted if the Ten Thousand Years Ancient Vine Heart have the same characteristics as the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart.
“Let me check it out.” Jiang Chen said.
Xuan Qingming took out the Ten Thousand Years Ancient Vine Heart and Jiang Chen’s gaze fell upon it. The Ten Thousand Years Ancient Vine Heart’s energy was definitely thick and strong but not comparable against the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart, however, it should be able to replace the Scarlet Cloud Ancient Vine Heart.
Now, only two ingredients were missing to concoct the Heaven Seizing Fortune Pill. the Heavenly Snake’s Gallbladder and the Eye Spirit Spring. Jiang Chen felt excited as the Heaven Seizing Fortune Pill was getting closer to completion, he would receive a tremendous boost after it was completed.
“Alright, I’ll take this Ten Thousand Years Ancient Vine Heart.”
Jiang Chen only took the Ten Thousand Years Ancient Vine Heart. Because he knew that the Profound Wind Sect needed all those stuff more than him. He would probably use them to concoct some pills, however, those items and treasure could boost the sect to a greater height, becoming a true great sect.
“Just this Ten Thousand Years Ancient Vine Heart?”
Xuan Qingming couldn’t even stay calm after seeing so many treasures. Yet, all of these were obtained through Jiang Chen’s blood, sweat and tears. Those sects wouldn’t have sent all of these to the Profound Wind Sect if it wasn’t for him.
Xuan Qingming did not expect Jiang Chen to only take the Ten Thousand Years Ancient Vine Heart. He too understood Jiang Chen’s intention, he wanted the Profound Wind Sect to become stronger by using all these treasures.
“How about this, I’ll leave three days later, I’ll concoct some pills with these materials, it should be able to help raise some disciples’ capabilities.” Jiang Chen said.
Xuan Qingming was extremely grateful. Jiang Chen was now a Divine King and his pill concoctions skills were the best even when he was just a disciple in the Profound Wind Sect, now that he had gotten stronger, the stuff he made would definitely be the best.
Three days later, Jiang Chen concocted thousands of pills for the Profound Wind Sect, he was pretty happy even though he spent a good amount of energy on it. Although they may not be some supreme grade or immortal grade pills, it could still improve the sect’s strength by a great margin.
Yang Jian and Man Shuai silently look at Jiang Chen. They were both disciples that joined the Profound Wind Sect at the same time as him but the gap between them had become humongous.
“Work hard fellas, I don’t want the both of you to be demotivated because of me, I hope to see a change from you two when I return.” Jiang Chen said with a smile and patted their shoulders.
Currently, Yang Jian and Man Shuai have almost reached the Heavenly God Realm. But it could not be compared to Jiang Chen’s feat.
However, with Jiang Chen’s motivating speech, they understood that he must leave as this was not his stage, his stage was far bigger and greater. Lone Dragon County? Northern Cold Divine Region? Maybe even the Central Region Divine Land. The place they all longed to be, Jiang Chen had begun his journey towards that place.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2767 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2768


Chapter 2768 Eastern Ancient Mountain Range
Eastern Ancient Mountain Range, a vast mountain range that’s at least ten-thousand li wide. A thick amazonian forest. Not many people visit this place, even though it’s only 20,000 li away from the Spirit Jade City of the Qilian Region. The largest mountain range around the city was littered with countless dominic beasts residing within, close to infinite demonic beasts below Divine King Realm, with occasional appearance of Hierarch Realm beast.
The mountain range was the only path towards the Eastern Region from the Spirit Jade City. Jiang Chen took a shortcut to return back to the Spirit Jade City, passing through the mountain range. No beasts could harm him, except for Hierarchs.
The Battle Royale of the Nine Counties (Previously Nine County Competition), the battle of Profound Connection Divine Palace was soon to come.
For Divine Kings, time was not something that would help them improve. Some talented experts would even go into seclusion up to ten-thousand years, time was of no concern for them. The Divine World does not lack experts, there’ll always be one better than you, you’ll never know how many great and talented men around you.
The danger and harsh terrain of the Eastern Ancient Mountain Range was one that scares many. Even if the Spirit Jade City was near, it was hard to send out a rescue team from there. As such many had fallen amidst their training in the mountain range. The Tian Qi Mountain Range is child’s play compared to the Eastern Ancient Mountain Range.
“Hehe, I’m gonna break my fasting (not eating meat). To think there’s such a beautiful girl in this god-forsaken place, this a great fortune, a great fortune indeed!” A monkey-like black-robbed old man said with a wryly smile, his eyes were filled with perversion as he stared at the beautiful young woman from a distance.
He has been living in this Eastern Ancient Mountain Range for god-knows how many years, he has become a native of this place and became well-versed in the terrain of the mountain range.
“Old fool, both of us found her, together, don’t you dare give me your leftovers.” A fat youngster with an ugly face appeared beside the old man.
His face was pretty scary, just like the demons of hell in the fairytales, extremely hideous, one would even gag from looking at him.
Although he looks young, his cultivation and real age was hard to determine.
“Damned fatty, it’s not like I could monopolize it! Kaka, we’ve been brothers for so many years, am I that sort of man?” The mlack-robbed old man looked at the fatty.
“That’s more like it, the more the merrier hehehe.” The fatty said merrily to the black-robbed old man.
“There are two fresh young’uns, one boy and one girl, we’ll eat the boy and as for the girl… we’ll eat her up after we’ve grown tired of her.” The black-robbed old man flashed through the forest like lightning.
“Senior Brother. We’ve lost all contact with the Great Elder this time, what should we do?” The young girl said with a sweet and delicate voice as she stared at the white-robbed youngster beside her.
Her eyes were filled with infatuation and respect. As a matter of fact, she was extremely happy, although unsure when they could leave this thick forest and reunite with the Great Elders and the group.
The white-robbed youngster frowned, feeling uneasy. The Great Elder had specially reminded them that they must stick to the group before entering the Eastern Ancient Mountain Range. However, they still got separated due to the mysterious fog of the forest. They’d lost contact with the group for more than a week, not knowing when they could leave this place. There will always be fog surrounding them even after flying up to the clouds, just like a maze, not being able to leave even after going towards a single direction.
“I am not sure too, this place is weird, not even the Great Elder knows how to deal with it confidently. Now that we’re separated from the others, we must not leave each other’s sight. Otherwise, it’ll be very difficult for us to move on. Let’s take one step at a time.” The boy grabbed the girl’s palm tightly, fearing that danger might befall her.
The girl’s expression was of happiness, albeit nervous. This was her first time going out from the sect, this was their private time together.
“This is the happiest time in my life.” She tightened her perfect, tender and fair palms while looking down and lightly bit her soft-red lips with said it with a gentle tone.
“Rest assured, this Brother Ping will protect you even if the Heavens were to fall on us.” The boy said with a smile, his eyes were firm.
The girl lightly nodded. Love’s in the air.
“Kakaka, such a perfectly matched couple, truly envious.” The black-robbed old man said with a weird laugh.
The boy’s expressions immediately stiffened as he raised his spear and preparead his stance.
“Playing tricks! Who is it?! Come out!” The white-robbed youngster shouted angrily.
“Little kid, you have some temper, but let’s see whether you have the ability to uphold that temper of yours.” The black-robbed old man said with a smile as he appeared before them with his arms crossed.
“Old monster, do not block my path, otherwise, my spear will not show mercy.” The youngster said coldly as he pointed his spear towards the black-robbed old man.
“Kakaka, a hot-tempered one ain’t ya? This is my turf, aren’t I lacking some protection fee? Hehe.”
“This is your turf, meaning, you know the way out?”
The white-robbed youngster looked at the black-robbed old man shockingly.
“Speak, what do you want and I shall comply. As long as you’re able to lead us the way.”
“Really?” The black-robed old man said.
“Enough nonsense, I, Luo Ping, never goes back on his words.” Luo Ping frowned and said with impatience.
“Then, that’s great. Leave the little girl and I shall show you the way, kakaka, how is it?”
“Damned old coot, looks like you’re asking to die.”
Luo Ping stood in front of the girl with a sharp gaze and he released a powerful aura, prepared to fight the old man to death.
“Sigh, young’uns these days have a short-fuse. Isn’t this a fair trade? Why are you angry? Are you on the bad side of the deal? To trade one life for another. I like that little girl.” The black-robbed old man said as his gaze became sharper, staring at the young girl.
“Senior Brother, this fella is disgusting.” Luo Ninger pouted cutely and naively.
The black-robbed old man was getting impatient.
“Little girl, you’re mine! Hehe.”
“Old codger, stop spouting nonsense, I will tear that damned mouth of yours apart!” Luo Ping shouted and rushed towards the old man while throwing out some big moves with his spear.
“Hehe, very well, I’m itching to fight, there are not many in this mountain range that dares to go against me. This old man will try his best for that little girl.” Black-robbed old man said with a disgusting smile.
Luo Ping was thoroughly angered by his behaviour. I can get out of this place after I subdue this old man.
“Old man! Today, I, Luo Ping, shall end you!”
Luo Ping unleashed his full might as his spear-handling skill caused the surrounding stones and floras to be grinded into dust. The old man took upon his spear with a smile, as if he wanted to play with him longer.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2768 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2769


Chapter 2769 Another Expert
In an instant, Luo Ping and the black-robed old man clashed for a dozen rounds, the terrifying aftershock destroyed the surrounding terrains.
The old man retreated with ease while facing Luo Ping’s sharp and fierce spear techniques. There wasn’t a successful blow landed against the old man. The old man could sometimes find an opportunity to deal a difficult attack to Luo Ping, causing the boy to feel pressured. Even so, the boy managed to stand his ground and nobody was seen to be gaining the upper hand.
“Luo Hou Spear, shake the Saints!” Luo Ping’s spear was akin to a dragon, piercing and destroying his surroundings with no effort, causing the battle to become chaotic.
“Interesting, to think it’s the number one sect’s, Luo Hou Spear from the Qian Hua Boundary.” The old man sneered, the murderous intent in his eyes became thicker.
Looks like he was angered by the Luo Hou Spear and was somewhat afraid of it.
“It’s great that you know, old fool, surrender now. Hmph.” Luo Ping’s spear strikes became fiercer than before.
The Luo Hou Spear was one of the best techniques around and Luo Ping’s trump card. His spear techniques were regarded as a once in a thousand years talent of Qian Hua Boundary’s number one spearman. His abilities were pretty strong. He does not show any fear even when he was faced with an unknown senior.
“It’s a pity that your Luo Hou Spear is not good enough. In the past, Luo Yingxiong was able to reign supreme in Qian Hua Boundary with his Luo Hou Spear. I’ve witnessed his valor and greatness, you’re still far lacking compared to him.” The old man said in disdain, never really taking heed upon Luo Ping.
“Nonsense, old fool, looks like I have to show you something, otherwise, you’ll look down on me.”
Luo Ping flew up to the sky with countless spear images appearing beside him. (Imagine Fate’s Gilgamesh’s Gate of Babylon)
“Senior Brother, be careful!” Luo Ninger said anxiously
That old fella was too mysterious. They had no idea where he hails from, and since they were both in a dangerous situation, they must not fall into a trap set up by others.
“Oho, not bad, pretty good, hehe, no wonder you’re so fearless, trying to become the prince to save the day, eh? You’re still too young. That little lady of yours likes you alot.” The old man kept provoking Luo Ping.
The young man was angered by him and his techniques became dull and disoriented as a result. The old man took his attack with ease. Luo Ninger could see that Luo Ping was losing.
Luo Ninger became anxious, Luo Ping will certainly lose if this continues. The black-robbed old man was definitely a veteran and he’s well-versed with the terrain, they were definitely at an extreme disadvantage. The old man then started to gain the upper hand and retaliated against Luo Ping.
“Ghost Falcon Claw!”
The old man’s hands then created strong winds as he struck with his claw. Luo Ping was forced to defend as he lost the initiatives. He tried to stabilise his flow and form even though he’s a bit shocked, but he realised that the attacks from the old man became fiercer and powerful than earlier. He defended against the claw strikes with his spear and claw marks could be seen appearing on his Mid Heavenly Divine Tool.
“Such terrifying techniques, this Eastern Ancient Mountain Range is filled with hidden experts and masters.” Luo Ping was shocked.
He was a Peak Early Divine King yet he was overpowered by this old man in every turn. He could even stand his ground against a Mid Divine King with his spear techniques and talent, yet, he’s unable to show his superiority against this old man.
“I’ve grown bored of you, little fella…” The old man harrumphed.
His attacks became fiercer than ever before. Luo Ping could not withstand the chaotic attacks with his splendid spear techniques. He lost the initiative and the upper-hand. He coughed out a mouthful of blood after taking three claw-swipes.
His palms were bleeding, his white robe was covered with blood, his face was covered with sweat. Luo Ping’s robe was in tatters. One of the claw-swipes struck upon his left shoulder blade, disabling his left shoulder.
“Damned old coot, die!” Luo Ninger shouted and rushed towards the black-robbed old man with her fist.
“No! Ning Er!” Luo Ping shouting, his heart trembling.
Ninger was much more important than his own life as she was the love of his life.
“Hehe, little lady, your opponent is me.”
Suddenly, a fat man appeared in front of the black-robbed old man, like a wall, appearing before Luo Ninger’s path. She was instantly blown back after her strike landed on that big-fat-wall. Her expression stiffened. She stabilized her body after staggering a dozen steps back, there were footprints on the ground after that impact, signifying the great recoil she suffered.
“Another expert!” Luo Ping’s expression became ugly as their situation worsened with another expert joining in.
That young looking fatty was emitting a strong pressure too, his defensive capabilities was great too as Luo Ninger was pushed back by the recoil.
“Old fool, looks like you’re having fun, playing with these two little fellas. I’m drooling already, that boy looks nutritious, muscles everywhere, it’s going to be great to chew. Hehe, as for the little girl? Look at those clear eyes, damn! I’m drooling hard just thinking about it. Looks like I am in luck.” Fatty sneered as his eyes turned towards Luo Ping and Luo Ninger.
“What should we do, Senior Brother!” Luo Ninger stared at Luo Ping. Both of them could not defeat their opponents.
“Leave, quick, leave this place to me, I can stop them.” Luo Ping said as this was the only choice left.
As long as I’m able to buy some time for Ninger, there’s still hope, it’s probably impossible for both of us to get out from this.
“Trying to leave? Hahaha, keep dreaming, you really think you have what it takes to stop both of us?” Fatty laughed disdainfully towards Luo Ping.
“How do you know if you haven’t tried?” Luo Ping said calmly as he was prepared to die, to cut a path of survival for Luo Ninger.
“No, Senior Brother, I will not leave you.” Luo Ninger said while shaking her head as her eyes became teary.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2769 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2770


Chapter 2770 Don’t Go Too Far
“We’re out of time, quick, leave. Otherwise, both of us will be killed.” Luo Ping said while gritting his teeth.
He could not bear nor watch Luo Ninger fall into the hands of such a scum and get violated by them. He would rather die.
“Ninger will die together with you!” Luo Ninger grabbed Luo Ping’s arm tightly and said firmly.
“Why can’t you understand. Sigh…” Luo Ping let out a bitter smile. They’re out of options.
“Such a sad affectionate couple, really makes one love and hate. However, I have a peculiar habit, and that is to separate couples, kakaka.” The black-robed old man said coldly.
“I, Luo Ping, will take you down with me!” Luo Ping shouted in anger as he rushed towards his enemies.
Luo Ninger did not show any weakness too, she wouldn’t escape, and be together with her Senior Luo Ping.
“Body of Hundred Battles. Come forth!” Luo Ping’s eyes were filled with battle intent.
This was his sect’s strongest technique, his trump card that he had prepared for the Battle Royale of the Nine Counties, however, he was forced to use it now to save both of their lives as the opponents were much more powerful than him.
Luo Ping raised his silver spear, enduring the excruciating pain on his shoulder. His defensive capabilities were top notch, his body was trained to be extremely sturdy. He was great in close-quarter combat, he’s confident that he could hold them but not for long.
“Black Eagle, looks like that sect is pretty strong, we must not belittle our opponent.” The fatty said with a wry smile.
“I know. I’ve fought the Battle Sect several thousand years ago. This old one almost died in the hands of that bastard Luo Yingxiong.” Black Eagle gritted his teeth.
He obviously did not forget about Luo Yingxiong. I will not let those from the Battle Sect go easily.
“Very well, let’s see how he’ll handle us, with one of us attacking and the other defending.”
The fatty was confident as his defensive capabilities were on-par against Luo Ping. The three of them clashed into a chaotic melee. Luo Ping immediately fell into a disadvantageous position as he could not beat the duo. Luo Ninger thought that he could at least hold on for several rounds. While it was true, he couldn’t land a blow to them.
“Senior Brother! Ning Er will assist you.” She dared not to dawdle and quickly joined in with her spear.
Unfortunately, her spear techniques were lacking compared to Luo Ping. An Early Divine King like her could not be compared against the duo, she could only take away some pressure off of Luo Ping even though she joined in. Both of them were continuously pushed back. The proud and invincible techniques of the Battle Sect became useless against the despicable duo.
Honestly, Luo Ping and Luo Ninger had already done their best. Their opponents were just too strong, Mid Divine Kings that had lived through countless years. Their experience and strength were greater compared to the young duo. Plus, those two knew about the techniques of the Battle Sect, which also gave them an edge. Adding to the fact that they have the terrain advantage, the young duo were extremely disadvantaged.
“Leave, quick, Ning Er, I will stop them with my life!” Luo Ping shouted.
He couldn’t take on the flurry of attacks from Black Eagle. Every strike he threw was swept away by Black Eagle. Black Eagle’s attacks were perfect, there was no wastage in his moves, powerful. Luo Ping, even when he unleashed the Body of the Hundred Battles, still could not withstand those flurry of attacks from the duo. There was nothing he could do.
“I, Luo Ninger, belong to Brother Ping, in life and in death. I have no regrets.” Luo Ninger bit her red lips, causing it to bleed, her smile was sad yet beautiful.
Luo Ping’s voice reached towards the sky as his anger burned, yet no matter how unacceptable he thought this was, there was nothing he could do as he had to witness his beloved be taken away from him, there was nothing he could do…
“I curse you!!!” Luo Ping rushed towards his enemies without fear and burst forth with great willpower, yet he was still no match against Black Eagle and the fatty.
“Little lad, you’re still a worm even if you bet on your life, you’re not a dragon, hahaha.” Black Eagle belittled Luo Ping with an arrogant laugh.
Luo Ping finally suffered a severe injury after withstanding the attacks from the duo.
*Cough*
Luo Ping coughed out his blood essence, his divine origin energy was at an extremely low level.
“If this was an one-versus-one, the odds would probably be 50-50.” Fatty said.
Both of them had experience, strength and terrain advantage. It was impossible for the boy to suddenly win.
Black Eagle nodded. Luo Ping was on his last legs, not being able to fight back anymore, Luo Ninger was also pushed back by the duo and her expression became pale.
“Overconfident fella, I’ll pee on your face and give you some good nutrition, hehe.” Fatty suddenly smiled and looked towards Luo Ping.
“One can be killed but not humiliated!” Luo Ping gritted his teeth and raised his spear, he glanced towards Luo Ninger and took a deep breath.
“Brother Ping, no!!” Luo Ninger’s expression changed drastically and she hugged Luo Ping tightly.
“Hahaha, interesting, interesting, this is hilarious.” the Fatty was laughing hysterically, his eyes were filled with degradation and ridicule.
Luo Ping smiled bitterly, you must get through my corpse, first.
“Don’t go too far. Disgusting scums.” A sigh could be heard.
Fatty and Black Eagle immediately turned back and saw an azure-robed youngster with a sword behind his back, looking at them coldly with his arms wrapped around his chest.
“Boy, you wanna die?”
“Another fearless fella, looks like today’s menu is pretty good.”
The duo sneered and looked at the azure-robed youth in disdain.
“Jiang… Jiang Chen? It’s really you!”
Luo Ping looked at Jiang Chen in disbelief, his pupils contracted, a burning flame course through his veins.
Luo Ping remembered the time when Jiang Chen reigned supreme in the Divine Tomb. Although he had never talked to Jiang Chen before, he opened up the gate towards the Divine World, otherwise, the others would’ve become spirits and ghosts in the tomb.
Therefore, Luo Ping had always remembered Jiang Chen’s deed. He willingly went against the sect’s elders, wanting to go to Linhe Boundary to save Jiang Chen when he was in danger, hoping he could go and save him. It was something he must do. To repay his gratitude!
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2770 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2771


Chapter 2771 A Legend Forever
At that time, many young men showed their great admiration to Jiang Chen while many young women were intrigued by his peerless figure. He had used his own strength to confront those broken souls of Divine Tomb. He had shown an invincible demeanor.
However, Luo Ping was still quite nervous right now because the situation was different from before. Jiang Chen managed to attract the public’s attention that time due to a previous specific situation.
Right now, Jiang Chen’s cultivation realm was not superior to his. He seemed to have just reached Divine King Realm. When he and the elders came to Linhe Boundary to save Jiang Chen in the past, Jiang Chen’s cultivation realm was even weaker. Although he had improved a lot and reached the Divine King Realm, so what?
The two guys in front of him were both at the Mid Divine King Realm. Moreover, they were in other people’s territory now. This was what made things become difficult.
“Jiang Chen always remembers the kindness you showed by saving me.”
Jiang Chen showed a faint smile and looked at Luo Ping. In the Divine Tomb, Jiang Chen only did what he was supposed to do. He never really counted how many lives he had saved because it was just a piece of cake for him that time. When he was in danger, Luo Ping showed him kindness. Jiang Chen was a man who would repay people’s kindness. He would never just stand aside without giving a helping hand as he encountered Luo Ping.
Black Eagle and Fatty showed their fury as this guy did not show any fear or respect at all.
“Newborn calves are not afraid of tigers. Unfortunately, it’s your time to die now.”
Black Eagle said angrily.
“Let me kill two of these brutes first.”
Jiang Chen said.
“Brother Jiang. It’s not that simple. You might not be their match. Leave this place now. I don’t want you to be involved.”
Luo Ping shook his head and said while gritting his teeth tightly.
“It’s okay. They are just two brutes. Two restless brutes. If no one could beat them up and give them a lesson, I am afraid they are going to create more mess. Hahaha.”
Jiang Chen said and laughed out loud. Black Eagle and Fatty were full of fury. They glanced at each other and their killing intent was fully expressed. They crashed towards Jiang Chen immediately.
“Brother Ping, who is he? Can he really save us? His cultivation realm is not so much different from us.”
Luo Ninger looked at Luo Ping anxiously and said with a soft tone.
“Do you remember the day when I angered the elders and headed for Linhe Boundary?”
Luo Ping said.
“Yes? Is it because of him?”
Luo Ninger said, shocked.
“You’re right. He used to rule everything with the Heavenly Lightning in his hand. All of the monstrous geniuses who came from the Immortal World have been respectful to him and worshipped him. We had been in a great life crisis before and he saved us. He has always been a legend in my heart and a legend whom I will respect forever.”
Luo Ping looked at Jiang Chen and murmured. What he said was from the bottom of his heart.
Startled, Luo Ninger just stared at Luo Ping. Brother Ping was seen as the strongest and the most talented cultivator in Qianhua Boundary in these ten thousand years. He was even appreciated by the Sect Lord and was kept as one of his disciples. He was full of talent and potential. However, when he looked at Jiang Chen, Luo Ninger could sense that he was full of admiration and respect towards Jiang Chen.
That green-clothed man, how strong was he? Otherwise, how would he be respected by a genius.
“But I don’t know whether he could withstand their attacks. Since he has the confidence to overcome them, I guess everything will be fine. That time in Divine Tomb, his cultivation realm wasn’t very high too but he still managed to eliminate many talented experts there.”
Luo Ping was very worried and doubted Jiang Chen’s strength now. Could he overcome the two of them? If the others could not do it, Jiang Chen probably had such capability.
“Ignorant! You’re an idiot. If I devour you, will I become an idiot too?”
Fatty despised Jiang Chen and said dismissively.
“Whether you will be an idiot or not, I am not sure. But I won’t be able to eat you, pig.”
Jiang chen shook his head and said.
“You have a sharp tongue. I think you have overestimated your own capability. Take action now. This would be the last fight in your life. Show me all you got. I really want to see why you are so arrogant. Idiot! Humph.”
Black Eagle snorted coldly and said,
“You don’t even deserve for me to take out my sword.”
Jiang Chen smiled faintly.
Jiang Chen remained relaxed. Fatty and Black Eagle were pissed off. This guy was so arrogant. They had seen many arrogant people before but they never saw an arrogant guy with a weak cultivation realm. Even if he did not die in their hands, he wouldn’t be able to live very long.
“He looks down upon us. Let’s take action, Fatty. I won’t devour him, he is yours.”
Black Eagle said with a sigh. Obviously he was teasing Jiang Chen.
“Alright. Kid, I am going to take you as my appetiser now.”
Fatty soared up and crashed into Jiang Chen with his gigantic body. Jiang Chen remained steady and looked at Fatty calmly. Jiang Chen struck Fatty. Fatty ignored the strike but then he suddenly realised that he was severely injured from that strike. It was too late for him to realise.
“This guy seems strange. Take action now, Black Eagle!”
Fatty roared with a deep voice but his face looked pale. If he did not have terrifying defence, he would have been repulsed badly by Jiang Chen’s strike.
Fei Maoying saw Fatty’s eyes turn cold and serious, he immediately took action instead of watching them.They left no chance for Jiang Chen to counterattack.
However, would Jiang Chen be afraid of them? He just broke through Divine King Realm. With the strength of his body, he could withstand Mid Divine King experts. Why would Jiang Chen be afraid of them? As soon as Jiang Chen launched a palm strike, thunder rolled and wind howled. Both Black Eagle and Fei Zhai were incredibly solemn. In contrast, their strikes did not cause much impact on Jiang Chen as if they were all tickles to him.
“What a sturdy body.”
Luo Ping took a cold breath. Jiang Chen managed to have such a terrifying body despite being at the Early Divine King Realm. Each of his palm strikes was incredibly powerful.
“Our Sect Lord might not even have such a sturdy body, even though the Sect Lord is already at the Late Divine King Ream.”
Luo Ninger was shocked and she found it unbelievable.
“Jiang Chen is still Jiang Chen!”
Luo Ping’s eyes were filled with tears of excitement. Jiang Chen managed to withstand the two Middle Divine King experts with only his body. How strong was he? How could Luo Ping not be excited?
Luo Ping was not any weaker than anyone here and he had gone through a lot of challenges in the journey of cultivating. However, he knew that he would never be able to surpass Jiang Chen.
But he was not fed up. Jiang Chen was his idol. Even though he might not be able to surpass Jiang Chen, he would follow Jiang Chen’s step slowly and that would definitely bring him to greater heights.
When he joined hands many other sect experts headed for Linhe Boundary, Jiang Chen was only still in growth and he was in great danger. However, Luo Ping was once again deeply impressed by Jiang Chen. He was very respectful to Jiang Chen as if he was the peerless Jiang Chen who was in the Divine Tomb.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2771 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2772


Chapter 2772
Stand in the World With Pride
The three of them were fighting intensely with such swift and quick movements. They could not even see each other clearly during the fight. Even Luo Ninger was stunned by their battle and she could not identify them. However, the sounds that came out from the fight were really loud. Jiang Chen was not afraid of anything at all. He did not show any mercy when fighting two of them. He once again casted the Heavenly Dragon Battle Armour, helping him to withstand all strikes. The two opponents ran out of tricks to repulse Jiang Chen. On the other hand, Jiang Chen became even more courageous as the battle progressed.
Even though the two of them joined hands in the battle and one of them focused on attacking while the other helped to defend, they were still defeated by Jiang Chen. They were struggling when dealing with him.
“You motherf*cker. This guy is as strong as a rock, isn’t he? He’s truly a monster!”
Black Eagle said, not knowing if he should laugh or cry. He had suffered three strikes from Jiang Chen. Those palm strikes had not only shaken his organs but also his confidence.
“Just fight. I don’t believe that he would be able to defeat us.”
Fatty shouted in fury and took the initiative to take action once again. They could not wait any longer because there might be no limit at all in Jiang Chen’s strength. Jiang Chen’s combat strength was becoming stronger and stronger. If they kept tangling with him, they would definitely be killed.
“Eagle that strikes the sky with the claw that shatters the mountain!”
Black Eagle struck with his terrifying claws that broke the sky. Furious wind pressed against Jiang Chen with an overbearing momentum.
“Mountain breaks! Break it!”
Fatty roared angrily, and his roar turned into an enormous pressure crushing against Jiang Chen. Luo Ping could not help feeling worried.
“Little tricks.”
Jiang Chen shook his head and launched his Azure Dragon’s Five Steps. When he stepped out the fourth step, Fatty was already pressured and he started hesitating. When he stepped out the fifth step, Fatty could not breath smoothly and was constrained by Jiang Chen. Jiang Chen stepped on his body, mercilessly smashing him to the ground.
“True Dragon Palm!”
Jiang Chen gripped his fist. The enormous True Dragon Palm smashed Black Eagle’s palm. Black Eagle was terrified, his face pale. He was about to soar up to the sky and flee. However, Jiang Chen held him tightly into his dragon palm, completely immobilizing him.
“Spare me a life. I am sorry. Please spare my life.”
Black Eagle became even paler now. All of his bones were crushed by the True Dragon Palm. Black Eagle trembled in fear and he could not say anything. He completely lost his will to fight. Jiang Chen’s thunderous strength had defeated them.
“Formidable! He’s really formidable!”
Luo Ping murmured in his heart. Although Jiang Chen and him were both Early Divine Kings, his cultivation realm might even reach the peak of Early Divine King Realm. However, he guessed that he would not even have any chance to counterattack Jiang Chen if they were to fight. Two Mid Divine King experts were defeated by Jiang Chen effortlessly.
“You two brutes, you almost killed my friends. Tell me, what’s the point of sparing your life?”
Jiang Chen’s cold eyes swept across the brutes. Black Eagle and Fatty’s countenance fell. Jiang Chen did not give them any chance to talk anymore. Fatty was crushed to death and Black Eagle turned into ashes in a flash.
Jiang Chen was invincible, standing in the world with pride.
This was what Luo Ping thought. He’s too powerful. It was very difficult to fight someone who had a higher cultivation realm. The difficulty was indescribable, especially when the opponent’s cultivation realm helped them gain the upper hand in the battle. However, no one was able to escape from Jiang Chen’s hand.
Luo Ninger looked at Jiang Chen in amazement. This young man looked chill and relaxed all the time. But in a blink of an eye, he could kill two Middle Divine King Realm experts. This kind of aura and demeanour was unattainable to normal people. No wonder Jiang Chen received so much admiration and respect from her Brother Ping.
“Brother Luo, I am sorry to have come late.”
Looking at Luo Ping’s injured body, Jiang Chen shook his head and said. Soon, he took out two pieces of pill and passed them to Luo Ping and Luo Ninger.
“Hahaha. Brother Jiang, why do you say so? If you hadn’t arrived in time, I am afraid that I would have died.”
Luo Ping was full of gratitude to Jiang Chen. From today onwards, he owed Jiang Chen another life.
“It’s hard to explain destiny. Hehe.”
Jiang Chen smiled. It was nice to meet an old acquaintance on a huge mountain like this.
“Yes. Brother Jiang, where are you going? Are you also heading for the Qilin Boundary’s Ling Jue City?”
Luo Ping was shocked and looked at Jiang Chen. He felt better now after eating the medicinal pill and his strength was slightly recovered.
Jiang Chen nodded.
“You too? Then let’s go together.”
Luo Ninger said. She was also very thankful to this man whom Luo Ping worshipped. She was curious about this man too.
“This is my junior. Luo Ninger.”
“Jiang Chen.”
Jiang Chen nodded to Luo Ninger.
“Let’s go together then.”
Jiang Chen said.
“Great, our journey will surely become smooth since Jiang Chen is with us. We are counting on you now, Brother Jiang. Hahaha.”
Luo Ping said with a smile.
“Brother Jiang Chen, I am not sure if you have heard of this before. In the Battle Royale of the Nine Counties, many experts would come out to compete for the qualification to enter the Profound Connection Divine Palace. Many monstrous geniuses would gather together here in Ling Jue City. It’s gonna be a gathering of heroes.”
Luo Ping said solemnly.
“I am going there because of this event too. I have something that I needed to handle before this, though. That’s why I am late to Ling Jue City. I think the day is coming very soon.”
Jiang Chen said
“It would be easy for you to enter Profound Connection Divine Palace with your talent. Seems like I am more pressured now. Hehe.”
Although he carried a smile on his face, Luo Ping was actually very nervous. All of the talented geniuses would gather at the Battle Royale of the Nine Counties. This only showed that the quota to enter the Profound Connection Divine Palace was very significant. More than a hundred talented geniuses would gather at Ling Jue City. At that time, a true battle of geniuses would break out. Although Luo Ping believed that he was quite capable enough, he actually did not have absolute confidence.. There were more than ten disciples from each county, so there might be more than three hundred young experts. He would not be the only genius there. Each of them would be geniuses who would battle madly.
“Let’s see by that time. Since there would not be too many people that could enter the Profound Connection Divine Palace. Even though there are many geniuses, there would definitely be someone even more monstrous than the others. We would see who the genius is and who is the bad guy at that time.”
Jiang Chen said with a smile. The Battle Royale of the Nine Counties would definitely stir up a storm in Qilian Boundary.
The three of them got out from the misty forest quickly under Jiang Chen’s guidance. In fact, the misty forest was actually a trick by Fatty and Black Eagle. It was not indeed a trap. But those who didn’t master the art of formation would be trapped easily.
Jiang Chen and the other two came to Ling Jue City together. He spotted something in the center of the Eastern Ancient Mountain Range. There were a few figures under the crater of the red volcano. They were waiting at the site as if they were guarding something.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2772 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2773


Chapter 2773 Chi Lian Heavenly Snake
There were some breaths from Divine King Realm experts. Should be human cultivators.
Jiang Chen frowned.
“This volcano crater looks a bit strange.”
Luo Ping nodded and said.
“Brother Luo, if time allows, how about we go to have a look?”
Jiang Chen looked at Luo Ping and said.
“Alright, who knows, maybe there’s treasure.”
Luo Ping said with a smile. They were all Divine Kings, so they were not afraid of any danger. Moreover, Jiang Chen was with them, Luo Ping was quite confident in their group now.
The hot volcano crater was releasing terrifying air waves. The scene was depressing. Burned rocks were rolling around the crater.
Seven young men were staring at the crater without blinking. They did not even dare to inhale while staring.
“When will it come out?”
“Who knows. We have been here for three days. Has it already gone into hibernation?”
“No. the volcano is active now, so the Chi Lian Heavenly Snake would definitely not hibernate. It’s not the right season.”
“It’s hard to say. Hehe. I hope that it won’t be so difficult to handle.”
The seven men conversed while keeping their head low, face to the crater. They did not even dare to speak loud as they were scared of awakening the Chi Lian Heavenly Snake.
“Yang Chengang, aren’t you the people of Heavenly Snake? Tell us what we should do to get the Chi Lian Heavenly Snake to come out.”
A young man said with a deep voice. He was wearing white clothes and his eyes were filled with coldness.
“The Chi Lian Heavenly Snake only became active under the volcano crater. This is what the rumour says. How would I know when I have never even encountered one.”
A young man who was called Yang Chengang said, his face carrying a frown. He seemed to be a bit unsatisfied to that young man who just called him.
“Don’t you guys always interact with snakes? Why haven’t you seen a Chi Lian Heavenly Snake yet? Hahaha.”
The young man said with his curled up mouth. He looked dismissive.
“Wang Ce, is this the culture of your Yun Family? Why do I feel that you’re like an uncultured young boy? Humph.”
Yang Chengang said with a cold smile.
“Just who are you referring to as uncultured?!”
The young man shouted but he still remained rational and did not make too much noise. Otherwise, the Chi Lian Heavenly Snake would definitely be awakened.
“Shut up, Wang Yun. It’s enough.”
Wang Ce’s face looked sorry but he still said,
“But, brother…”
Wang Yun was unresigned but he still backed down on what he wanted to say after Wang Ce stared at him.
“Nevermind. We are all from Long Gu Boundary. Can’t we have some harmony?”
Beside them, a grey-clothed young man heaved a sigh.
“Liu Yunsheng. Don’t try to be a big-tailed wolf. You’re not a good man. Humph.”
Wang Yun shouted at the grey-clothed man. Obviously, he was pissed off.
“Have I offended anyone here? Hehe.”
Liu Yunsheng smiled bitterly and shrugged.
“There must be monsters around as things are unusual. There must be something wrong since the Chi Lian Heavenly Snake has not come out yet.”
Yang Chenling said. He, Yang Chengang and Yang Chenyuan were all brothers of the Heavenly Snake Residence. They were also quite formidable legendary figures from Long Gu Boundary.
There’s only one man who was lying there without moving. He kept observing the crater as he was worried that danger would happen.
“Eldest brother, what do you think?”
Yang Chenling and Yang Chengang looked at Yang Chenyuan at the same time.
“Let’s stay quietly and observe the situation. The snake would probably absorb the energy from the volcano, otherwise it would not settle down here. If we could get its eggs, it would be a great fortune. But, don’t underestimate the Chi Lian Heavenly Snake. Although it is only at the Early Divine King Realm, it’s actually the close to Nine Tranquil Snake. It is considered as a half ancient beast. Even a normal Mid Divine King expert might not be able to overcome him.”
Yang Chenyuan said solemnly. With an aura of a leader, of course many people would listen to him.
“Someone is here.”
Yang Chenyuan raised his head up and saw Jiang Chen and two people coming to them.
“Who are you?”
Wang Yun shouted while staring at the newcomers seriously.
“I am Luo Ping from Lower Qian Hua Boundary. We saw something strange here, that is why we come here to see what’s going on.”
Luo Ping said with his fists held together to each other.
“Roar…..”
Under the crater, a strong sound put the entire volcano crater in tremble.
“It’s because of you! You have awakened the Chi Lian Heavenly Snake. Who cares if you are from Qian Hua or Qian Bei Boundary. Compensate us.”
Wang Yun said with his gritted teeth, looking arrogant.
Jiang Chen and Luo Ping carried a frown on their forehead as this guy put the blame on them. If he did not make a loud shout, they guessed that the Chi Lian Heavenly Snake would not be awakened. He was the one who made the mistake but now he put the blame on them. A man who was full of lies was indeed so wicked. Jiang Chen could not wait to kill him immediately.
“Wang Yun, mind your manner! It’s Qian Hua Boundary who joined the hundred battles. We are all from Long Gu Boundary. We are ready to head for Ling Jue City, I guess the three of you are on the way too.”
Wang Ce said.
“Exactly. It’s our destiny to meet our counterparts. Please forgive us if we have offended you.”
Luo Ping decided to stay lowkey because they were fewer in number. Their arrival indeed made the crater tremble for a while.
Wang Ce waved his hand to signify that it’s fine. They were all very clear that it was caused by Wang Yun’s shout which also scared them.
“Since you are friends from Qian Hua Boundary. It’s fine. We are now chasing the Chi Lian Heavenly Snake. Not sure if you could give us a helping hand?”
Yang Chenyuan said with a soft voice. Since they were three Early Divine King experts, they could create an alliance of ten people to overcome the Chi Lian Heavenly Snake.
Luo Ping glanced at Jiang Chen who remained silent.
“We are rushing to our destination. It’s better not to disturb each other, hope you understand.”
Luo Ping said. What Jiang Chen did was right because they were not sure about these people’s background. They shouldn’t disturb them.
“Thinking about leaving after you scared the Chi Lian Heavenly Snake? Where do you get such a good offer in this world?”
Wang Yun continued to say. This time no one continued to say much. If they have never appeared here, this might not have happened. Even Wang Yun’s brother Wang Ce and Yang Chenyuan agreed with Wang Yun now.
“So what do you want?”
Luo Ping asked.
Jiang Chen’s eyes immediately shone. If he could get the snake gall from the Chi Lian Heavenly Snake, their effort in coming here would not be wasted.
“We can stay and help, but I have a condition.”
Jiang Chen said.
“What’s that? Just tell us.”
Yang Chenyuan said. As long as they had each other’s back, their plan would definitely go well. He was confident.
“After catching the Chi Lian Heavenly Snake, I want the gall.”
Jiang Chen said faintly.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2773 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2774


Chapter 2774 A Presumptuous Genius
“Hahaha. It’s amusing, how dare you demand the gall? Who do you think you are? Do you think we are fools? The most important thing from the Chi Lian Heavenly Snake is its gall. It is a rare treasure for one to directly consume or concoct medicinal pills. It’s priceless. Are you putting the bite on us?”
Yang Chengang said dismissively, giving Jiang Chen a cold glance. He’s cultivation realm was not very high but what he said was very shocking.
“Kid, you have impressed me. I, Wang yun, have never seen anyone as ignorant as you. Humph”
“If you don’t need our assistance, I will not force you. Brother Luo, let’s go.”
Jiang Chen just smiled and was not angry at all. These young men kept inviting them to help, this showed that they were not confident in dealing with the Chi Lian Heavenly Snake. If so, Jiang Chen would just sit aside to watch their show. However, he still wanted to get the gall.
“Alright.”
Luo Ping would definitely stand together with Jiang Chen as they were on the same team.
“You come when you want to come and leave when you want to leave. Where do you get such a good offer?”
Wang Yun appeared in front of Jiang Chen immediately.
“So what do you want again?”
Jiang Chen said.
“Kneel and kowtow three time to us. Then we will forgive you. Otherwise, it’s impossible for you to leave.”
Wang Yun said overbearingly. No one added any words, indicating that they agreed with him.
“A bunch of unreasonable robbers.”
Jiang Chen shook his head and smiled.
At this moment, the guy who had been observing the volcano crater silently finally said something:
“The Chi Lian Heavenly Snake is going to run away soon. If we don’t take action now, I am afraid we will lose our chance.”
The young man took the initiative and ran into the crater.
Jiang Chen looked from a side and his forehead frowned slightly. He had never expected to encounter a familiar person here. However, he had not gotten the chance to see the man’s appearance. So he was not sure of his identity yet.
“Don’t delay anymore. If we don’t take action now, it will be too late.”
Yang Chenyuan said in a low voice. The other men all nodded their heads. They did not have the time to care about Jiang Chen at the moment. They must take action now, otherwise they would waste their chance if the Chi Lian Heavenly Snake ran away.
“I will let you go today and settle the matter with you next time. Remember, I come from Long Gu Boundary and my name is Wang Yun!”
Wang Yun looked at Jiang Chen, Luo Ping and Luo Ninger dimissively. He then turned around to catch up to Yang Chenyuan and the others.
“Didn’t we offer any help? Are we going to sit on the mountain top and watch the tigers fight?”
Luo Ping said doubtfully and looked at Jiang Chen.
“We are going to watch the tiger fight while sitting on top of the mountain. We are going to reap the benefits of the fishermen.”
Jiang Chen laughed and said.
“The Heavenly Snake Gall will be mine for sure.”
“Alright. Then let’s wait here. It’s best if both two parties suffer great losses. Hehe.”
Luo Ping said while smiling coldly. This Wang Yun was indeed too presumptuous. The most annoying thing was that he thought he was an overbearing heavenly king. If they have the same numbers as their opponents, he would have taken action earlier. Luo Ping wasn’t a simple person too. However, since Jiang Chen did not say much on this matter, he just followed Jiang Chen’s footsteps.
“Brother, since when have you become so wicked?”
Luo Ninger’s face became red and said while curling up her lips. The two guys had already started thinking how to take advantage of them.
“This is real manhood. It’s not wicked. Ahem.”
Luo Ping said seriously.
The seven of them took action immediately, rushing towards the crater. A flaring red python soared up suddenly and the seven people took a step back. However, their path of retreat had already been blocked by the Chi Lian Heavenly Snake completely.
“She is going to lay eggs soon. Her strength is quite weak. Let’s join hands together and we can definitely defeat her.
Yang Chenyuan stood in the void with pride and said in a deep voice. The other six people nodded, agreeing with him. The seven Early Divine King experts shouted and pressed against the Chi Lian Heavenly Snake.
Although they were only Early Divine Kings, they were all very powerful figures as they were the talented geniuses from their respective boundaries. Some of them could even fight against a Mid Divine King expert. That was why the young guy, Wang Yun, was so arrogant and self-conceited. He had been the most stunning star from his boundary. How could he tolerate others in his eyes?
Geniuses had their own dignity. Even though Jiang Chen and Luo Ping were also talented geniuses, Wang Yun still thought that he was the only invincible man. At least, except for his brother, no one could control him.
“Indeed, it’s a close relative to the ancient ferocious beast Nine Tranquil Heavenly Snake. The Chi Lian Heavenly Snake is indeed extraordinary. Although she is weak now, she still has such a strong aura.”
Yang Chenling said in a low voice, shocked. Despite the alliance of seven people, the Chi Lian Heavenly Snake was not any weaker than them. She carried the determination to fight until the end. It’s unbelievable. A beast at the Mid Divine King Realm was different from those normal cultivators. Bloodline was extremely significant to beasts who were above the Divine King Realm. Although the Chi Lian Heavenly Snake was only at the Mid Divine King Realm, she released the mightiness of a Late Divine King. The battle would surely be a tough one.
“It’s just a brute. I don’t believe that we can’t overcome it with our collective strength.”
Wang Yun said with a cold smile. He despised the Chi Lian Heavenly Snake.
Wang Yun and the others joined hands to fight against the heavenly snake. Their strength was extraordinarily strong. Even though the beast was talented, they were also not weak. Although the others did not like Wang Yun as well, they did not want to speak too much against him. This guy was too presumptuous, can’t he be more low-profile?
Some geniuses would naturally lose their brilliance one day. Not every genius could go through every challenge. The battle in Ling Jue City would surely be a real battle for the talented geniuses. More than a hundred geniuses would fight to show their capability. The scene would surely be astonishing.
Their collective attack was displayed fully. At this moment, the Chi Lian Heavenly Snake slowly lost her mightiness and was tortured under their alliance. Even though she had a strong defense, it was hard for her to deal with seven experts now.
“It’s him?”
Jiang Chen was shocked. One of the seven men was Long Gu Boundary’s Fu Di, who had saved him before.
“Who? Brother Jiang, you know him?”
Luo PIng said in shock.
“He is like you who came to Linhe Boundary to save me that time. Although I don’t have a deep friendship with him, he still saved me once. If you guys didn’t protect me that day, I might not be alive today.”
Jiang Chen smiled and said.
“It’s another man who has received Brother Jiang’s kindness before. You don’t owe us anything. Without you, how would we be able to come into the Divine World? It’s our fortune to have come into the Divine World. We just repaid you some of the kindness you have shown us before.”
Luo Ping said solemnly.
“That’s different. I always distinguish kindness and grudges well. It seems like I couldn’t push them to the death this time.”
Jiang Chen said with a smile.
Edited by: Lifer, Fingerfox
If you find any errors ( broken links, non-standard content, etc.. ), Please let us know < report chapter > so we can fix it as soon as possible.


End of 2774 chapter


New Chapter Begins: 2775


